THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

THIRTY-SEVENTH & THIRTY-EIGHTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1874:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And Published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1874.

CONTENTS.

A Table containing the Titles of all the Statutes Passed During The Session: —

Public General Acts - v

Local Acts - xiii

Private Acts - xxx

Tables showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation: —

A. — Acts of 37 & 38 Vict. (in order of chapter) showing their effect on former Acts - xxxiii

B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 37 & 38 Vict. - xliii

The Public General Statutes, 37 & 38 Vict. - 1

A List of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 627

Index to the Public General Statutes - 637

A

TABLE

CONTAINING

The Titles of all the Statutes passed in the First Session of the Twenty-first Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

37 & 38 VICTORIA. — A.D. 1874.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to apply the sum of one million four hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four. 1

2. An Act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five. 2

3. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. 3

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters. 7

5. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 71

6. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Cattle Disease in Ireland. 130

7. An Act to amend the Law respecting the payment of the Assistant Judge of the Court of the Sessions of the Peace for the county of Middlesex, and his deputy, and the Chairman of the Second Court at such Sessions. 131

8. An Act to make provision for the taking of Harbour Dues in the Isle of Man. 134

9. An Act to authorise an Advance out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1873. 137

10. An Act to apply the sum of thirteen million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five. 140

11. An Act for altering the shooting season for Grouse and certain other Game Birds in Ireland. 141

12. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Bengal and Madras Civil Service Annuity Funds, and the Annuity Branch of the Bombay Civil Fund, to the Secretary of State for India in Council. 141

13. An Act to extend to the present Bishop of Calcutta the Regulations made by Her Majesty as to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops. 144

14. An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called "Saint Pauls Church at Pooley Bridge," in the parish of Barton in the county of Westmorland. 144

15. An Act to amend the Act of sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nineteen, intituled "An Act for the Suppression of Betting Houses." 145

16. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue. 147

17. An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint John the Evangelist, at Bentley, in the parish of Shustock in the county of Warwick. 156

18. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other rates and taxes. 157

19. An Act to amend "The Stamp Act, 1870" in regard to the Stamp Duty payable by Advocates in Scotland on admission as Barristers in England or Ireland, and by Barristers in England or Ireland on admission as Advocates in Scotland. 158

20. An Act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Local Rates and Assessment. 159

21. An Act for the discontinuance of the Four Courts Marshalsea (Dublin), and the removal of Prisoners therefrom. 160

22. An Act to relieve Revenue Officers from remaining Electoral Disabilities. 163

23. An Act to amend the Acts regulating the Salaries of Resident Magistrates in Ireland and the Salaries of the Chief Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis. 163

24. An Act to empower the Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance a sum of money, by way of loan, for the improvement of the Harbour of Colombo in the colony of Ceylon. 167

25. An Act to remove the Restrictions contained in the British White Herring Fishery Acts in regard to the use of Fir Wood for Herring Barrels. 169

26. An Act to make provision respecting the Stamp Duty on Transfers of Stock of the Government of Canada. 170

27. An Act to regulate the Sentences imposed by Colonial Courts where jurisdiction to try is conferred by Imperial Acts. 171

28. An Act to further amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland. 172

29. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia. 173

30. An Act to transfer parts of the Holyhead Old Harbour Road from the Board of Trade to the Local Board of Health of the town of Holyhead; and for other purposes. 174

31. An Act to amend the Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1861. 176

32. An Act to amend "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863." 178

33. An Act to extend the Powers of the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Act. 180

34. An Act to amend the Act of the fifty-fifth year of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and ninety-four, intituled "An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries in England and Wales." 181

35. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. 183

36. An Act to render Personation, with intent to deprive any Person of Real Estate or other property, Felony. 224

37. An Act to alter and amend the Law as to Appointments under powers not exclusive. 225

38. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of Courts of the Colony of the Straits Settlements to certain Crimes and Offences committed out of the Colony. 226

39. An Act to provide for the exception of the Borough of Wenlock from the category of boroughs under the "Elementary Education Act, 1870." 227

40. An Act to amend the powers of the Board of Trade with respect to inquiries, arbitrations, appointments, and other matters under special Acts, and to amend the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, so far as regards the reference of differences to the Railway Commissioners in lieu of Arbitrators. 227

41. An Act to amend "The Colonial Attornies Relief Act." 230

42. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Building Societies. 231

43. An Act to amend the Alkali Act, 1863. 245

44. An Act to make better provision for improving the health of women, young persons, and children employed in manufactures, and the education of such children, and otherwise to amend the Factory Acts. 248

45. An Act for altering the Boundaries between the Liberty of St. Alban and the rest of the County of Hertford; and for making better provision for the Transaction of County Business, and the Administration of Justice at Quartet Sessions in that County. 256

46. An Act to consolidate and amend the Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man. 267

47. An Act to extend the Powers of Prison Authorities in relation to Industrial and Reformatory Schools, and for other purposes relating thereto. 270

48. An Act to provide for the payment of Wages without Stoppages in the Hosiery Manufacture. 272

49. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the sale and consumption of Intoxicating Liquors. 274

50. An Act to amend the Married Womens Property Act (1870). 285

51. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors. 287

52. An Act to make regulations for preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey. 289

53. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Payment of Revising Barristers. 290

54. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Liability and Valuation of certain Property for the purpose of Rates. 291

55. An Act for dissolving Magdalen Hall, in the University of Oxford, and for incorporating the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College; and for vesting in such College the lands and other property now held in trust for the benefit of Magdalen Hall. 296

56. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 302

57. An Act for the further Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property. 318

58. An Act to make further provision respecting the contribution out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the expenses of the Police Force in the Metropolitan Police District, and elsewhere in Great Britain. 322

59. An Act to facilitate the erection of Dwellings for Working Men on land belonging to Municipal Corporations. 323

60. An Act to amend and enlarge the powers of the Acts relating to the Navigation of the River Shannon; and for other purposes relating thereto. 327

61. An Act for granting Compensation to Officers of the Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps. 334

62. An Act to amend the Law as to the Contracts of Infants. 336

63. An Act to facilitate the re-arrangement of the Boundaries of Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries. 336

64. An Act to further alter and amend the Law of Evidence in Scotland, and to provide for the recording, by means of Short-hand Writing, of Evidence in Civil Causes in Sheriff Courts in Scotland. 338

65. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Leopold George Duncan Albert on his coming of age. 339

66. An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland in respect to the recovery of Balances due on partnership Accounts, and in respect of Actions involving Questions of Title to corporeal and incorporeal Hereditaments. 340

67. An Act to regulate and otherwise deal with Slaughterhouses and certain other Businesses in the Metropolis. 342

68. An Act to amend the Law relating to Attorneys and Solicitors. 349

69. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the sale and consumption of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland. 353

70. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland. 370

71. An Act to authorise "The Lough Corrib Navigation Trustees" to dispose of part of the Navigation in the district of Loughs Corrib, Mask, and Curra. 373

72. An Act to explain and amend the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, and for other purposes relating thereto. 374

73. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Payment to and Repayment by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Moneys received in and to the accounts relating to the Post Office Savings Bank. 375

74. An Act to amend the Law respecting certain Receipts and Expenses connected with Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland. 377

75. An Act to explain the Vaccination Act, 1871. 378

76. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. 379

77. An Act respecting Colonial and certain other Clergy. 382

78. An Act to amend the Law of Vendor and Purchaser, and further to simplify Title to Land. 388

79. An Act for the better management and regulation of Foyle College in the city of Londonderry, and for vesting in the governing body of such College the present school-house and premises belonging to such College, and for vesting the right of appointment of head-master of such College in the Bishop of Derry and Raphoe and the Governor of the Honourable the Irish Society. 390

80. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Royal Irish Constabulary. 398

81. An Act to provide for the abolition of certain offices connected with the Great Seal, and to make better provision respecting the office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery. 405

82. An Act to alter and amend the laws relating to the Appointment of Ministers to Parishes in Scotland. 411

83. An Act for delaying the coming into operation of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873. 415

84. An Act to regulate the Incorporation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and for other purposes relating thereto. 416

85. An Act for the better administration of the Laws respecting the regulation of Public Worship. 419

86. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund. 428

87. An Act to amend the Endowed Schools Acts. 434

88. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Births and Deaths in England, and to consolidate the Law respecting the Registration of Births and Deaths at Sea. 437

89. An Act to amend and extend the Sanitary Laws. 460

90. An Act to declare the Validity of Orders of the Education Department with respect to United School Districts, and to make better Provision with respect to such Orders. 475

91. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Council of the Governor-General of India. 476

92. An Act to provide for the Transfer to the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for the War Department of Alderney Harbour and certain Lands near it. 478

93. An Act to amend the Law relating to Public Health in Ireland. 480

94. An Act to amend the Law relating to Land Rights and Conveyancing, and to facilitate the Transfer of Land, in Scotland. 507

95. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith. 545

96. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. 585

[Partial table of local acts removed.]

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

P. i. AN Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Aberystwyth, Carnarvon, Hurst, Nottingham, Penzance, and Tetbury.

ii. An Act for making better provision for the payment of Superannuation and other Allowances in the Police Force of the City of London; and for other purposes.

iii. An Act to enable the Highland Railway Company to raise further sums of money.

iv. An Act to enable the Southampton Dock Company to raise additional capital.

v. An Act to authorise the deviation and alteration of the Newent Railway; and for other purposes.

vi. An Act to enable the Potteries, Shrewsbury, and North Wales Railway Company to extend their Railway to Trefonen, and to constitute such Extension Railway a separate Undertaking; and for other purposes.

vii. An Act to confer further powers upon the East London Railway Company with respect to the acquisition of Lands and the raising of Money; and for other purposes.

viii. An Act for conferring further powers upon, and for consolidating the Acts relating to, the General Steam Navigation Company.

lx. An Act to amend, vary, and extend the powers of the Northern Assurance Company; and for other purposes relating thereto.

X. An Act for vesting in the Metropolitan Board of Works the Garden or Inclosure in Leicester Square in the county of Middlesex, and for providing for the management thereof; and for other purposes.

xi. An Act to authorise the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company to raise additional capital; and for other purposes.

xii. An Act to incorporate a Company for establishing and holding Markets and Fairs, and making Approaches thereto, in the borough and parish of Frome in the county of Somerset; and for other purposes.

xiii. An Act to authorise the Amalgamation of the Lynn and Hunstanton and West Norfolk Junction Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

xiv. An Act for authorising the Consolidation of the Two Undertakings of the Tendring Hundred Railway Company and their respective Capitals, and for suspending Legal Proceedings against the said Company; for converting the Mortgage, Bond, and other Debts into Debenture Stock; for regulating the Capital of the Company; and for other purposes.

xv. An Act to incorporate a company for making the Leeds, Roundhay Park, and Osmondthorpe Junction Railway; and for other purposes.

xvi. An Act for enabling the Railway Clearing Committee to purchase land by compulsion, and to build thereon for the purposes of the Clearing System, to defray the expenses thereof as part of the expenses of the Clearing System, and by borrowing money; and for other purposes.

P. xvii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment Act, 1873, relating to Burnley, Cork, Glasgow, Paisley, Weymouth, Wrexham, and Southport.

P. xviii. An Act to confirm certain Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Menai Straits and Paglesham.

P. xix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Barmouth, Ealing, Holyhead, the City of Lincoln, Mileham, Walton-on-the-Hill, and Waterloo-with-Seaforth, and to the City of Oxford.

P. xx. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order relating to Duntocher and Dalmuir made under the "Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867."

xxi. An Act for conferring enlarged borrowing powers on the Joint Committee acting under the Kew and other Bridges Act, 1869, and for otherwise amending that Act.

xxii. An Act for amending "The Thames Valley Drainage Act, 1871," and for other purposes.

---

xxiii. An Act to enable the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company to make a new Branch Railway in the County of Devon, and to confer further Powers upon the Company with respect to their Undertaking and the Undertaking of the Culm Valley Railway Company, and upon the Bristol and Exeter and Great Western Railway Companies with respect to the Bristol Harbour Railway.

xxiv. An Act for better supplying with Gas Grantham and its neighbourhood, in the county of Lincoln.

xxv. An Act to enable the Castleisland Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to enable the Grand Jury of the county of Kerry to give a Baronial Guarantee, and to levy cesses in the Barony of Trughenackmy in the said county; and for other purposes.

xxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the South Devon Railway Company with reference to their own and other undertakings; to vest in them and in the Great Western and Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies the undertaking of the Plymouth Great Western Dock Company; and for other purposes.

xxvii. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make additional Branch Railways; to acquire additional Lands; and for other purposes.

xxviii. An Act to enable the General Cemetery Company of Dublin to enlarge their Cemetery, to raise a further sum of money; and for other purposes.

xxix. An Act for supplying with Water the parishes of Lymm and Oughtrington, both in the county of Chester.

xxx. An Act for varying and making other provision as to certain of the Rates and Dues leviable by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board; and for other purposes.

xxxi. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a connecting Line and Junction between their Railway and the North British Railway at Wester Dairy, near Edinburgh, and for extending to certain traffic, passing vi& that Junction, certain powers, rights, and facilities vested in the said Company with respect to the North British Railway; and for other purposes.

xxxii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Undertaking of the Hammersmith Extension Railway Company with that of the Metropolitan District Railway Company.

xxxiii. An Act to authorise the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company to construct additional Waterworks.

xxxiv. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to make further Provision for the Supply

xvi Table of the Statutes. 37 & 38 Vict.

of Water; for Protection of Water Supply; to raise additional Money for Waterworks purposes; to alter existing Rents and Charges for Water; and for other purposes.

xxxv. An Act for embanking and reclaiming certain waste or slob lands near to Ardmillan, Strangford Lough, in the county of Down.

xxxvi. An Act for empowering the Peterborough Gas Company to construct new works, to acquire additional lands for the same; and for other purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Fylde Waterworks Company to make additional Works; to amend the Fylde Waterworks Act, 1861, and the Fylde Waterworks Act, 1870; to increase the Capital of the Company; to extend and define their Limits of Supply; and for other purposes.

xxxviii. An Act to empower the Leeds, Castleford, and Pontefract Junction Railway Company to make additional Railways and to abandon portions of their authorised Railways; and for other purposes.

Tinrix. An Act to enable the London and Blackwall Railway Company to enlarge certain of their stations; to authorise agreements with other companies; and for other purposes.

XL An Act for making further provision for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Management of the Harbour of Wexford, for dissolving and reconstituting the Wexford Harbour Commissioners; and for other purposes.

xli. An Act for the widening of the Exeter and Crediton Railway, and for the laying down of additional lines of rails upon that railway, and the connecting of them with the Bristol and Exeter Railway; and for other purposes.

irlii. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Bridge across the Ouseburn Valley, in the township of Byker, at Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

xliii. An Act for enabling the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to construct Railways at Cork and Dublin; to acquire additional Lands for the purposes of their Undertaking; to widen or alter certain of their Bridges; and for other purposes.

xliv. An Act for better supplying Enniskillen in the county of Fermanagh with Gas.

xlv. An Act to extend the time for the construction by the North Metropolitan Tramways Company of Works within the city of London; and for other purposes.

xlvi. An Act to authorise the Local Board for the District of Fairfield to construct Waterworks and supply Water; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

xlvii. An Act to authorise the erection of a Pier and Works at Paignton in the county of Devon; and for other purposes.

xlviii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Letterkenny Railway.

xlix. An Act for empowering the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners to construct Quays and other Works; for conferring additional Powers on those Commissioners for extending the enactments relating to them; and for other purposes.

L An Act to further extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the construction of the works authorised by the Medway Docks Act, 1866.

li. An Act to grant further powers to the Metropolitan Railway Company with respect to their surplus land; and for other purposes relating to the same Company.

lii. An Act to authorise the Construction of Railways between Dover and Deal; and for other purposes.

liii. An Act for making Railways in the county of Devon to be called the Exe Valley Railway; and for other purposes.

liv. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to take on lease the Hayling Railways; to consolidate the preference stocks in their capital; to make other provisions with respect to their capital; and for other purposes with relation to the same Company.

lv. An Act for making a railway from the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway at Deepcar to Stocksbridge; and for other purposes.

lvi. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Teign Valley Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking.

lvii. An Act to authorise the Wrexham Waterworks Company to make new Reservoirs; to extend their limits of supply; to raise more money; and for other purposes.

lviii. An Act for making further provision for the settlement of the affairs of the Albert Life Assurance Company by Arbitration; and for other purposes.

lix. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the East and West India Dock Company.

lx. An Act for better lighting with Gas the district, parliamentary borough, and town of Llanelly, and the neighbourhood thereof.

lxi. An Act to confer further powers on the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company; and for other purposes.

lxii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Corporation, of the Borough of Leicester for the prevention of Floods within the borough; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

ixiii. An Act to enable the Manchester South District Railway Company to abandon portions of their authorised undertaking, and to construct new Railways; and for other purposes.

lxiv. An Act to authorise the Aberdare and Aberaman Gas Company to purchase the undertaking of the Aberdare Gas Company, and to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

lxv. An Act for granting further powers to the Chester Waterworks Company.

lxvi. An Act to extend the borough of Hythe in the county of Kent, and to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses thereof to construct new waterworks, streets, and sewers; and to make further provisions for the drainage and improvement of the borough; and for other purposes.

lxvii. An Act for authorising the construction of Docks and other Works upon or near Hubberston Pill at Milford, in the county of Pembroke; and for other purposes.

lxviii. An Act to extend the time for the widening and improvement of the North Bridge by the Corporation of Edinburgh under an agreement confirmed by the Edinburgh Tramways Act, 1871, and to authorise the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company to relinquish the construction of certain of their authorised Tramways; and for other purposes.

lxix. An Act for conferring powers upon the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and for making other provisions with respect to the money deposited in respect to the application to Parliament for " The Dublin Metropolitan Junction Railways Act, 1865."

Ixt. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Lakenheath and Brandon Drainage, and to authorise the Commissioners to raise more Money; and for other purposes.

lxxi. An Act for empowering the Local Boards for the Districts of Westleigh, Pennington, and Bedford, all in the county of Lancaster, to make and supply Gas, and for carrying into effect an agreement between them and the Leigh District Gas Company for the joint purchase by them of that Company's undertaking; and for other purposes.

IttH. An Act to authorise the Plymouth, Stonehouse, and Devonport Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways in the parish of Stoke Damerel; and for other purposes.

lxxiii. An Act to enable the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to purchase additional lands; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

lxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

lxxv. An Act to repeal certain provisions of the Acts relating to the North London Railway Company, and to confer various additional powers upon that Company; and for other purposes.

lxxvi. An Act authorising the Whitby, Redcar, and Middlesborough Union Railway Company to raise additional Capital.

lxxvii. An Act for conferring powers upon the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and for making provision with respect to the Exchequer Bills deposited in reference to the' application to Parliament for " The Dublin Trunk Connecting Railway (Deviation, &c.) Act, 1865.' *

lxxviii. An Act for authorising the Local Board for the District of Padiham and Hapton in the count}' of Lancaster to acquire the Undertaking of the Padiham Waterworks Company, and to supply Water within that Company's limits of supply; and for other purposes.

Ittit. An Act for the Abandonment of the Alexandra Park Railway.

Ittx. An Act to authorise the Usk and Towy Railway Company to divert portions of their authorised Line; and for other purposes.

lxxxL An Act for conferring further powers on the Somerset and Dorset Railway.Company.

lxTirii. An Act to authorise the construction of new Thoroughfares in the neighbourhood of Cadogan and Hans Place in the Metropolis, and certain improvements in connexion therewith.

Ixyxiii. An Act to confer additional powers on the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands; and for other purposes connected with their undertaking.

lxxadv. An Act for conferring further powers on the London Central Railway Company in relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

lxxxv. An Act to improve, extend, establish, and regulate Markets and Market Places and the Slaughterhouses of the city of Edinburgh; to alter rates and customs; and to provide for the extinction of the city debt; and for other purposes.

lzzxvL An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Subway under the River Thames from North Woolwich to South Woolwich.

Table of the Statutes.

P. ixxxvii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Braintree and Booking Gas, Brough Elloughton and District Gas, Chelmsford Gas, Dartford Gas, Guildford Gas, Harwich Gas, Lofthouse and District Gas, Retford Gas, Romford Gas, Sidmouth Gas, Sutton-in-Ashfield Gas, High Wycombe Water, Maidstone Water, Inverness Gas and Water.

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, 5" and the Acts amending the same.

P. lxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Alver-stoke, Birkdale, Gravesend, Handsworth, Newington, Normanton, Preston, Sittingbourne, South Hornsey, South Stockton, and Whitby.

xc. An Act to authorise the Alexandra (Newport) Dock Company to raise further moneys, and to lease their undertaking.

xci. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Henry Bernoulli Barlow for Improvements in Embroidering Machines.

xcii. An Act to authorise the Birmingham and Lichfield Junction Railway Company to divert part of their authorised Railway; and for other purposes.

xciii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Branch Railway from the London and North-western Railway to Bre-wood in the county of Stafford; and for other purposes connected with such Branch Railway.

xciv. An Act for enabling the Caledonian and the Glasgow and South-western Railway Companies to execute certain Works and acquire certain Lands in the counties of Renfrew and Lanark, in connexion with their Glasgow and Paisley and Glasgow and Kilmarnock Joint Lines and Branches thereof; and for other purposes.

xcv. An Act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to make deviations and alterations in parts of their authorised Railway in the counties of Nottingham and Leicester, and in the west riding of the county of York.

xcvi. An Act for empowering the Lee Conservancy Board to execute further Works for the improvement of their navigation; and for amending the Acts relating to the Lee; and for other purposes.

xcvii. An Act for empowering the Metropolitan Board of Works to construct a new road near Finsbury Park; for making better provision for the Sewerage of the District of the South Hornsey Local Board; for amending the provisions relating to the Newington Butts Improvement; for autho-

Local Acts.

rising the Metropolitan Board of Works to pay expenses incurred in respect of Thanksgiving Day; and for other purposes.

xcviii. An Act to enable the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to make new lines of Railway, and to confer on them further powers with reference to their undertaking.

xcix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Waterford and Wexford Bail way Company; and for other purposes.

C. An Act to enable the Corporation of Neath to acquire the undertaking of the Neath New Gas Company; and for other purposes.

ci. An Act for empowering the Local Board for the District of Horbury in the west riding of the county of York to make Waterworks, and to supply Water, and to make Sewerage Works; and for other purposes.

cii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company; and for other purposes relating to that Company and to the London and Northwestern Railway Company.

ciii. An Act to confer upon the South-eastern Railway Company further powers with reference to their own undertakings and those of other Companies; and for other purposes.

civ. An Act to enable the Swansea Harbour Trustees to construct additional Docks, Railways, and other Works; and for other purposes.

cv. An Act for enabling the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Railways in the counties of York and Durham, and at or near York; and for other purposes.

CVI. An Act to authorise the Abandonment of the Harrow, Edgware, and London Railway; and for other purposes.

cvii. An Act to amend the Shipley Waterworks and Police Act, 1854; and to make further provision for the improvement of the Local Board District of Shipley in the west riding of the county of York; and for other purposes.

cviii. An Act to extend the boundaries of the Municipal Borough of Middlesbrough in the north riding of the county of York; to purchase a private road; to raise further moneys; to alter, amend, and in part repeal the existing Acts relating to the Borough and District; and for other purposes.

cix. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of Lands for, and for the construction of the North British, Arbroath, and Montrose Railway.

cx. An Act for enabling the Callander and Oban Railway Company to complete their railway to Oban; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

cxi. An Act for extending the Limits of the City and County of the City of Gloucester; and for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City to improve the City Quay and the Cattle Market; and for other purposes.

cxii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Great Southern of India and Carnatic Railway Companies, and for enabling the amalgamated Company to make Agreements with the Secretary of State in Council of India; and for other purposes.

cxiii. An Act to amend the provisions of the Awards made under "The London, Chatham, and Dover Railway (Arbitration) Act, 1869," affecting the Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Company and the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company as to the working and maintenance of certain Railways of those Companies respectively; and for other purposes.

cxiv. An Act to authorise the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to make a Loop Line of Railway at Beckenham; and for other purposes.

GXV. An Act to authorise certain Arrangements concerning the capital of the South Wales Mineral Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxvi. An Act to confer on the Commissioners for improving the Ports and Harbours of Waterford and New Ross respectively, additional powers; to alter existing and impose new Rates; to facilitate the completion of authorised Works, and the borrowing of further Moneys; and for other purposes.

cxvii. An Act to authorise the Construction of Railways in Lancashire, to be called the Wigan Junction Railways.

cxviii. An Act for conferring on the Trustees and others claiming under the Will of the late Marquess of Bute power to extend their Docks and Railways at Cardiff; and for other purposes.

cxix. An Act for making a Railway from Bromley in the county of Kent to the Grove Park Station of the Southeastern Railway; and for other purposes.

CXX. An Act for vesting the Harbour of Aberystwyth in the Corporation of Aberystwyth, and to enable them to maintain the same; and for other purposes.

ranri. An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Chepping Wycombe otherwise High Wycombe, in the county of Buckingham, to make a new Street; and for amending the Acts relating to the Borough; and for other purposes.

xxiii

cxxii. An Act to authorise the abandonment of the Railway authorised by " The Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Act, 1864."

cxxiii. An Act for transferring to the Skipton Local Board of Health the undertaking of the Skipton Water Company, and for empowering the Local Board to supply Water within the limits of supply of the Company; and for other purposes.

cxxiv. An Act for empowering the Corporation of Wigan to make Sewerage Works for utilization or treatment of sewage; and to make new Streets and improvements of Streets; and to acquire the undertaking of the Wigan Gas Company; and for other purposes.

cxxv. An Act for the transfer to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Belfast of the undertaking of the Belfast Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

cxxvi. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make and maintain certain new works, and certain deviations of authorised and existing works; and to acquire certain lands in the counties of Lanark, Forfar, Perth, and Cumberland; for vesting in them the undertaking of the Busby Railway Company; for dissolving that Company; and for other purposes.

cxxvii. An Act for making a Railway from Coalville to Loughborough in the county of Leicester, to be called the " Cham wood Forest Railway and for other purposes.

cxxviii. An Act for authorising the Great Eastern Railway Company to make railways to Alexandra Park and in the parish of Chingford; and to make a Quay in the River Stour and Railways connecting it with their Harwich Branch; and to make various improvements of their Railways and Works; and to abandon a certain Railway; and for conferring on them further powers in relation to their undertaking and the undertakings of certain other Companies; and for other purposes.

cxxix. An Act for enabling the North-eastern and London and North-western Railway Companies to extend and enlarge the Leeds New Railway Station, and to make an Approach thereto; and for other purposes.

cxxx. An Act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to construct new Railways and acquire additional Lands in the counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, Monmouth, Merioneth, and Carmarthen; and for other purposes.

CXXXI. An Act to vest the Undertaking of the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company.

Table of the Statutes.

cxxxii. An Act for authoriBing the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make new Branch Railways and other Works; for vesting in them the undertakings of the Macclesfield, Knutsford, and Warrington Railway Company and the Widnes Railway Company; for conferring upon them additional powers; and for other purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act for enabling the Midland and North-eastern Railway Companies to make a Railway from the Midland Railway near Swinton to the North-eastern Railway near Knottingley; and for other purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act for conferring additional powers on the North-eastern Railway Company for the construction of Works, and for the acquisition of Lands; and for other purposes connected with their Undertaking.

cxxxv. An Act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Alliance and Dublin Consumers Gas Company, and make further provision with respect to the quality and price of Gas within the Company's district; to confer on the Company additional powers as to Money, as to Steam Vessels, and otherwise; and for* other purposes.

cxxxvi. An Act for transferring to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham the Undertaking of the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company.

cxxxvii. An Act for granting further powers to the Nottingham Waterworks Company.

cxxxviii. An Act for authorising the making of new Streets and improvements of Streets, and the laying down of Tramways in and near Swansea; and for other purposes.

cxxxix. An Act for enabling the River Wear Commissioners to make a series of short branch lines of Railway leading to their Docks; and for amending the Acts relating to the Commissioners; and for other purposes.

CXL An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways from Bray to Enniskerry in the county of Wicklow; and for other purposes.

cxli. An Act to authorise the construction of branch railways and other works, and the acquisition of additional lands in connexion with the Cornwall and West Cornwall Railways; and for other purposes.

cxlii. An Act to amend " The Dublin Corporation Waterworks Act, 1861 and for other purposes.

cxliii. An Act to authorise the London and South-western Railway Company to enlarge and improve their Waterloo Terminus; to widen their main line of Railway in Batr tersea; to execute other Works and to purchase additional lands; and to raise further Moneys; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

cxliv. An Act to amend " The Ystrad Gas and Water Act, 1868," and "The Ystrad Gas and Water Order, 1872," so far as the same relate to Gas.

cxlv. An Act for enlarging and improving the Port and Harbour of Neath, and making certain Railways, Road Approaches, and other Works in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

cxlvi. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Railway in the county of Cumberland, from Rowrah, on the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Railway, to Kelton Fell; and for other purposes.

CXlvii* An Act to amend an Act of the fiftieth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled "An u Act for better regulating the Statute Labour in the u county of Forfar; to make better provision for the management, maintenance, repair, and improvement of the Roads in the county of Forfar; and for other purposes.

cxlyiii. An Act for making Railways to Botliwell and Hamilton, and other places in the county of Lanark; and for other purposes.

cxlix. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan and the Metropolitan and Saint John's Wood Railway Companies to construct a Railway from Kingsbury to Harrow; and for other purposes.

cl. An Act for authorising the Middle Level Commissioners to make a new Outfall Sluice, and for conferring further Powers on the Commissioners, and for amending the Acts relating to them; and for other purposes.

cli. An Act to confer further powers on the Belfast Water Commissioners; and for other purposes *

P. clii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Brecon, Canterbury, East Barnet Valley, East Stonehouse, Gorles-ton, Hardingstone, Kingston-upon-Hull, Liverpool, Lytham, Merthyr Tydvil, Portsmouth, Road, Shipley, and Willesden.

P. cliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Boards for the borough of Brighton, the parish of Aberdare, and of the united school district of Caerhun, Llanbedr-y-Cennin, and Dolgarrog to put in force " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

cliv. An Act to empower the Local Board for the district of the town and hamlet of Ulverston, in the county of Lancaster, to acquire the Undertakings of the Ulverston Gas Company and of the Ulverston Water Company; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes. 37 & 38 Vict.

civ. An Act for enabling the Devon and Somerset Railway, Company to take Lands; to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

clvi. An Act to provide an additional supply of Water for the city of Edinburgh, the town and port of Leith, and town of Portobello, and districts and places adjacent, from Moor-foot, including the River South Esk and Tweeddale Bum and Portmore Loch, and by additional Storage in Glen-corse Valley; to make further Regulations for prevention of Waste; to further suspend the period for constant Service; and for other purposes.

clvii. An Act to authorise the Great Northern and London and North-western Railway Companies to construct Railways between Market Harborough and Nottingham; to vest in the two Companies certain authorised Railways in Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire; to provide for the use by each of the two Companies of portions of their respective Undertakings; and for other purposes.

clviii. An Act to grant further powers to the Great Northern Railway Company with relation to their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

clix. An Act for conferring additional powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies in England and Ireland; and for other purposes.

clx. An Act for conferring additional powers on the Midland Railway Company for the construction of Works; for the raising of Capital; for the Consolidation of their Shares and Stocks; and for other purposes in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies.

clxi. An Act for authorising a Sale and Transfer of parts of the Undertaking of the Devon and Cornwall Railway Company to the London and South-western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxii. An Act to lease the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway to the Midland Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxiii. An Act to authorise the Sutton Harbour Improvement Company to convert part of the Harbour of Sutton Pool into a Dock; and for other purposes.

cjxiv. An Act for the better supplying with Water the parliamentary burgh of Cupar and places adjacent; and for other purposes.

clxv. An Act for enabling the Dundee Water Commissioners to execute a deviation in the authorised aqueduct, conduit, or line of pipes from Lintrathen to Dundee, and to make a new Reservoir and other Works; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

clxvi. An Act to authorise the Blyth and Tyne Railway Company to extend their Warkworth Extension Railway to the Amble Branch of the North-eastern Railway; and for other purposes.

clxvii. An Act for extending the boundary of the township of Kingstown; and for other purposes.

Clzviii. An Act to authorise the construction of an Embankment in Morecambe Bay in the county of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

clxix. An Act for enabling the Cheshire Lines Committee to construct certain Branch Lines; for conferring further powers on the Committee and upon the three Companies represented on that Committee; and for other purposes.

clxx. An Act to lease the Swansea Yale Railway to the Midland Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxxL An Act for incorporating the Nettlebridge Valley Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxxii. An Act to change the name of the Dunmanway and Skibbereen Railway Company and to confer upon them further powers; to enable the Cork and Bandon Railway Company to subscribe towards that Company's Undertaking, and to raise further money for that purpose and for the purpose of their own Undertaking; to authorise working and other agreements between the Company and certain other Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

clxxiii. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway at Leominster to join the Worcester, Bromyard, and Leominster Railway at Bromyard; and for other purposes.

chariv. An Act for making a Railway from the Portadown, Dungannon, and Omagh Junction Railway, near the town of Dungannon, in the county of Tyrone, to the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway, near the town of Cookstown, in the same county; and for other purposes.

clxxv. An Act for extending the time for the construction of the authorised works of the Bristol Port and Channel Dock Company.

clxxvi. An Act to extend the time granted to the Burry Port and Gwendreath Valley Railway Company for the completion of certain Railways.

clxxvii. An Act to repeal an Act of the seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious the Highways within the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, and for' lighting the Street in " Old Brentford, within the said parish, from the turning " towards Kew Bridge to a Street called ' The Half Acre, ' "

Table of the Statutes.

and to make other and better provisions instead thereof with respect to the Highways in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex.

clxxviii. An Act to authorise the Falmouth Docks Company to complete parts of their Undertaking; to make and maintain additional works, and to raise further moneys; and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act to authorise the construction in Cornwall of Railways to be called The Fal Valley Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxx. An Act to authorise an extension of time to the Mersey Railway Company for purchasing land and completing their Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxxi. An Act for vesting in the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation; and for other purposes.

P. clxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Bognor, Brentford, Hitchin, Leicester, Mansfield, Oxford, the Ware Union, and Wrexham.

P. clxxxiii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham, London Street Tramways, Newbury and Lamborne, Portsmouth Street Tramways, Wantage, and WirraL

P. clxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for London to put in force " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

P. clxxxv. An Act to confirm, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bray, Buckie (Ciuny), Carlingford Lough, Cattewater, Eyemouth, Great Yarmouth, Kinsale, Lybster, Sandown, Sidmouth, Tees, and Yarmouth (Isle of Wight).

P. clxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin.

clxxxvii. An Act for incorporating the Harrow and Rickmansworth Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain the Harrow and Rickmansworth Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act for incorporating the Saint Austell and Pentewan Railway, Harbour, and Dock Company; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

clxxxix. An Act for incorporating the Temple Mineral Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain the Temple Mineral Railway; and for authorising arrangements between them and other Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

cxc. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the Kington and Eardisley Railway at New Radnor, to join the Mid-Wales Railway at Rhayader; and for other purposes.

CXCL An Act for enabling the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway Company to exercise the powers of altering and improving the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway contained in " The Bodmin and Wadebridge and Delabole Railway Act, 1873 and for other purposes.

cxcii. An Act for vesting the Undertaking of the Blyth and Tyne Railway Company in the North-eastern Railway Company.

cxciii. An Act to authorise the Wakefield Waterworks Company to raise more Money; and for other purposes.

cxciv. An Act for defining and extending the powers of the Corporation of Nottingham in relation to the Management of Streets in the Borough, and to Sewerage, and to Markets and Fairs, and to Police and other matters of Local Government; and for other purposes.

cxcv. An Act for making an Embankment and Landing Quays at Brading Harbour, and a Railway in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

cxcvi. An Act to empower the Southern Railway Company to raise further Capital; and for other purposes.

CXCVII. An Act for the making of a Railway from the London and South-western Railway near the Fareham Station to Hill Head Harbour in the parish of Titchfield in the county of Southampton; and for other purposes.

cxcviii. An Act for empowering the East and West Junction Railway Company to raise further Money by Debenture Stock, with a special preference or priority attached thereto; and for other purposes.

cxcix. An Act for the making of Railways for completing the Metropolitan Inner Circle, and for the Construction and Improvement of Streets in the City of London; and for other purposes.

cc. An Act to authorise the construction of Railways in the county of Antrim to connect the Port of Lame with the Town of Ballymena; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

37 & 38 Vict.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to authorise the Trustees of the Settlement of the Property of Dame Florence Anne Maria Power, the wife of Sir Richard Crampton Power, Baronet, executed on her Marriage with the said Sir Richard Crampton Power, to lay out the Moneys to arise under the exercise of the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in such settlement in the purchase of Estates in Ireland, and also in paying off Incumbrances affecting the Estates in Ireland comprised in a settlement executed by Sir John Power, deceased, on the said Marriage, or portions of such Estates.

2. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Joseph Chadwick, late of Cinder Hills in Mirfield in the county of York, Gentleman, deceased, to sell all or any part of the real Estates subject to the Trusts of the said Will, and to lay out the purchase moneys in the discharge of Incumbrances or in the purchase of other Estates in England or Wales; and to grant Leases of any part of the said Estates for the time being unsold; and for other purposes.

3. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will and Codicils of the Reverend Thomas Halford, late of Hanover Square in the county of Middlesex, Clerk, deceased, to sell certain Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in the counties of Cambridge, Norfolk, and the Isle of Ely; and to lay out the purchase moneys, and a certain accumulated Fund standing in their Names, in the purchase of an Estate in England; and for other purposes.

4. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the deceased John Hay, of Letham Grange in the county of Forfar, to sell the Lands comprised in his Trust Disposition and Settlement; to pay his Debts; to invest the residue of the price; and for other purposes.

5. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by Matthew Piers Watt Boulton, Esquire, of certain Lands in the parishes of Handsworth and Birmingham in the county of Warwick, or one of them, which are subject to the uses of the Will of the late Matthew Robinson Boulton, Esquire; and for authorising Building and Mining and other Leases of the Estates, subject to the uses of the same Will; and for other purposes; and of which the short title is " The Boulton Estate Act, 1874."

Private Acts.

6. An Act to amend and extend an Act passed in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, relative to the Estate devised by the Will of Sir Robert Holt Leigh, Baronet, deceased.

7. An Act to authorise the raising of certain Moneys on the Security of certain Estates in the county of Southampton, commonly known as the Tichborne Estates, and in the counties of Middlesex, Lincoln, Buckingham, and Dorset, commonly known as the Doughty Estates; and for other purposes.

8. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement of Lord Tredegar's Family Estates to take further Shares in the Alexandra (Newport) Dock Company, and for other purposes, and of which the short title is "Lord Tredegar's Supplemental Estate Act, 1874."

9. An Act for amending and extending the Act passed in the 12th and 13th years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Settlement made under orders of the High Court of Chancery " after the marriage of Chaloner Ogle, Esquire, and Eliza " Sophia Frances Ogle his wife, to grant building, improving, and other leases of certain estates and hereditaments " situate at Patcham in the county of Sussex, comprised in the said Settlement."

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION.

Table A. — Acts of 37 & 38 Vict (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 37 & 38 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 37 & 38 Vict (in order of Chapter), showing their effeot on former Acts.

Ch.

L Consolidated Fund (1, 422, 797/. 14*. 6d.) [U.K.]

2. Consolidated Fund (7,000,000l.) [U.K.]

3. East India Loan (10,000,000l.) [U.K.]

Applies provisions of 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 64., as to composition for Stamp Duties on India Bonds.

"21 & 22 Vict. c. 3., *

22 Vict. c. 11.,

22 & 23 Vict. c. 39.,

23 & 24 Vict. c. 130.,

24 & 25 Vict cc. 25.,

32 & 33 Vict. c. 106.,

[36 & 37 Vict. c. 32.,

Extends section 3 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 93., Married Women's Property.

Repeals provisions of

I As to !p ? tion of 118., I to Pari

J.

presenta-- returns to Parliament.

4. Mutiny [U.K.]

Applies 26 & 27 Vict. c. 57., Regimental Debts. Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 67., Army Enlistment.

5. Marine Mutiny [U.K.]

6. Cattle Disease (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 4. and 33 & 34 Vict. c. 36.

7. Middlesex Sessions [E.]

Repeals section 8 (in part) and section 10 ofl

7 & 8 Vict. c. 7L, > Middlesex Sessions.

Repeals sections 1, 2, 6 of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 4., J

section 14 of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 55., Criminal Justice Adminis* t ration.

Repeals in part 35 & 36 Vict. c. 51., Judges Salaries.]

8. Isle of Man Harbours [E.]

Extends section 20 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 23., Isle of Man Harbours. Applies 26 & 27 Vict. c. 86., as to composition for Dues at Port Erin.

xxxiv Effect of Legislation. 37 & 38 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 37 & 38 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

9. Public Works Loans (School Boards)

Recites 36 & 37 Vict. c. 86., Elementary Education.

10. Consolidated Fund (13,000,000l.) [U.K.]

11. Game Birds (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 37 Geo. 3. c. 21. (I.), Game Laws (Ireland).

12. East India Annuity Funds [C.]

13. Bishop of Calcutta (Leave of Absence) [C.]

Applies 34 & 35 Vict. c. 62., East India Bishops Leave of Absence.

14. Marriages Legalization (St. Paul's Church at Pooley Bridge)

tE.]

15. Betting [UJL]j

Amends 16 & 17 Vict. c. 119. (Betting Houses), and extends same in Scotland.

16. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.X.]

Customs

Duties on Sugar, &c.

Duties on Tea.

Inland Revenue: —

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duties.

Excise Duties in respect of Horses and Horse Dealers.

Excise Duties on Sugar and Sugar used in Brewing.

Repeals (and otherwise amends) Enactments relating to above subjects, viz.: —

Sections 1, 7 of 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 22.,

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict c. 57.,

3 & 4 Vict. c. 57.,

Sections 1-5, 12, of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 5.,

Sections 5, 9 of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 67.,

Section 1; 2, 3 in part; and 7, of 17 & 18 Vict c. 30.,

Sect. 53-60; 61-63, and 94, in part, of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 114.,

Section 3 of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 124.,

Section 7, 9 in part, 10, and Sch. B., of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 32.,

Section 3'and Sch. B. of 36 & 37 Vict c. 18.,

19 & 20 Vict c. 82., 1

20 Vict. c. 16., >Race Horses.

Section 15 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 91., J

Section 19 in part of 32 & 33 Vict. c. 14., 1 Horses and Horse Section 11 of 33 & 34 Vict c. 32., J Dealers.

Sections 24, 25, of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 103., Husbandry Horses.

17. Marriages Legalization (St. John the Evangelist's Chapel in the Parish of Shustock) [E.]

18. Land Tax Commissioners Names [E.]

Recites 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 75., and subsequent Acts appointing additional Commissioners; and provides that persons named in a Schedule deposited with Clerk of House of Commons shall be additional Commissioners.

Duties on Sugar > and Sugar used in Brewing.

Effect of Legislation.

XXXV

Ch.

19.

20.

21,

22.

Table A. — Acts of 37 & 38 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &cl — continued.

Bab Admission Stamp [U.K.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict* c. 97., Stamp Act, 1870.

Churches and Chapels Exemption (Scotland) [S.]

Recites 28 & 29 Vict. c. 62., exempting Churches and Chapels from Poor Rates.

Provides for exemption from local rates and assessments.

Four Courts Mabshalsea Discontinuance [L]

Recites 35 & 36 Vict. c. 57., Debtors (Ireland).

Revenue Officers Disabilities [U.K.]

Recites 31 & 32 Vict. c. 73.

Repeals section 89 of 12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 10. [s. 91. in Ruffhead's edition.]

Repeals section 45 of 9 Anne c. 11. [c. 10. s. 44. in Ruffhead.]

section 198 of 10 Anne c. 18. [c. 19. s. 182. in Ruffhead.]

section 6 of 2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

23. Magistrates (Ireland) and Commissioners of Dublin Police Salaries

Repeals section 34 of 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13., Constabulary (Ireland).

section 1 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 60., Magistrates (Ireland).

section 3 of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 52., Dublin Police.

24. Harbour of Colombo (Loan) [C.]

Repeals 32 & 33 Vict. c. 105., Harbour of Gaile Loan.

25. Herring Fishery Barrels [E. & S.]

Repeals in part 55 Geo. 3. c. 94., 1

Applies 23 & 24 Vict. c. 92., > British White Herring Fishery.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 72., j

26. Canadian Stock (Stamp Duty on Transfers) [U.K.]

27. Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction [C.]

28. Juries (Ireland) [I.]

Amends, and continues, 36 & 37 Vict. c. 27., Juries (Ireland),

29. Militia Law Amendment [U.K.]

Militia Pay Acts 1868 and 1869 to cease to be of force as Acts of Parliament, but to have same effect as a Royal Warrant,

30. Holyhead Old Harbour Road £E.]

Repeals section 27 of Geo. 4. c. 74., Holyhead Harbours, &c.

section 17 in part, &c. of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 69., Harbours Tnuisfer.

31. Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Act Amendment [S.]

Amends 24 & 25 Vict. c. 86.

32. Drainage and Improvement of Lands Acts Amendment (Ireland)

p.] '

Amends 26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.,

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72., I Drainage and Improvement of Lands

28 & 29 Vict. c. 52., r (Ireland).

32 & 33 Vict. c. 72., J

Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Act Amendment [E, & I.] Amends 19 & 20 Vict. c. 120.

99

99

99

Ch.

34. Apothecaries Act Amendment [E.]

Amends 55 Geo. 3. c. 194., Apothecaries.

Applies 21 & 22 Vict. c. 90., Medical Act, 1858.

35. Statute Law Revision [U.K.]

Repeals (with Savings) the Enactments described in the Schedule. \These Enactments will be found in their Chronological Order in Table B. See page xlvii, et seqJ]

Revives (as to Dublin) 55 Geo. 3. c. 91. (Costs in cases of Felony), repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act, 1873.

36. False Personation [U.K.]

Amends present law in relation to Personation in order to obtain property, and makes it Felony, &c.

37. Powers Law Amendment [U.K.]

Amends present law as to Appointments under powers not exclusive.

38. Courts (Straits Settlements) [C.]

Extends Jurisdiction to offences committed out of the colony.

39. Wbnlock Elementary Education [E.]

Excepts Wenlockfrom the category of boroughs under The Elementary Education Act, 1870.

40. Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. [U.K.]

Repeals 35 & 36 Vict. c. 18., Board of Trade Inquiries.

Amends 36 & 37 Vict c. 48., Regulation of Railways.

41. Colonial Attornies Relief Act Amendment [C.]

Amends 20 & 21 Vict. c. 39.

42. Building Societies [U.K.]

Repeals 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 32., Benefit Building Societies.

43. Alkali Act, 1863, Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 26 & 27 Vict. c. 124.

44. Factories (Health of Women, Children, &c.) [U.K.]

Repeals the following Acts and parts of Acts relating to Factories; viz. —

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 103., in part

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 1., wholly.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15., in part 10 & 11 Vict. c. 29., wholly.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 54., in part as to certain Factories, and wholly as to remainder of the Act.

16 & 17 Vict c. 104., wholly as to certain Factories.

qI Y o? Iaq 1 so far as they incorporate any enactment

5 & l\ vft c. 6?3; / *Act-

Amends section 2 of 24 & 25 Vict c. 117., as to employment of youths in lace factories.

Amends section 9 of 34 & 35 Vict c. 104., as to recovery of penalties in Scotland.

45. County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban [E.] Applies 6 Geo. 4. c. 50., County Juries Act, 1825.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 77., Juries Act, 1870.

Ch.

46. Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff [U.K.]

Repeals part of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 97., Customs Tariff, 1855.

sections and 2 of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 23., Isle of Man Customs,

&c.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 86., Isle of Man Customs.

part of section 2 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 20., Customs, &c.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 29., Customs (Sugar) Duties, Isle of Man.

47. Prison Authorities (Industrial and Reformatory Schools) [E. & S.]

Construes Act with the Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872, and the Reformatory Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872.

Applies Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

48. Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) [E.]

49. Licensing [E. & I.]

Amends, and repeals in part, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 94., Licensing Act, 1872. Amends 26 & 27 Vict. c. 33., as to Occasional Licenses.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 64., Public and Refreshment Houses.

Repeals part of section 8 of 32 & 33 Vict. c. 27., Wine and Beerhouses Act, 1869.

50. Married Women's Property Act, 1870, Amendment [E. & I.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 93.

51. Chain Cables and Anchors Acts Amendment [U.K.]

Amends, and re- f 27 & 28 Vict. c. 27., 1 Chain Cables and Anchors peals in part [34 & 35 Vict. c. 101., / Acts, 1864, 1871.

Repeals section 12 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 73., Merchant Shipping Act, 1872.

52. Mersey Channels [E.]

Applies provisions, as to collisions, of the Merchant Shipping Acts.

53. Revising Barristers (Payment) [EJ

Amends sections 29 and 59 of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Electors Registration.

Repeals 35 & 36 Vict. c. 84., Appointment of Revising Barristers. Applies 36 & 37 Vict. c. 70., Revising Barristers Act, 1873.

54. Rating [E.]

Extends provisions of 43 Eliz. c. 2., (Poor Rate Act) and Acts amending the same.

Extends provisions of the Sanitary Acts, as defined by the Public Health Act, 1872.

Repeals part of 43 Eliz. c. 2., as to saleable underwood.

Applies section 15 of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 103., Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862.

55. Hertford College, Oxford [E.]

Recites 56 Geo. 3. cc. 95., 136., Hertford College.

Dissolves Magdalen Hall, and incorporates Hertford College.

56. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation) [U.K.]

57. Real Property Limitation [E. & I.]

Construes 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27. and 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 28. with this Act.

Repeals certain parts of 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27.

Table A. — Acts of 37 & 38 Vict. (in order of Chapter), kc.-continuedL\

58. Police (Expenses) [E. & S.]

Recites 19 & 20 Vict. c. 69., 20 & 21 Vict. c. 72., and 31 & 32 Vict. c. 67.

Repeals so much of any Act as limits amount of contribution by Treasury to Police Force.

59. Working Men's Dwellings [E.]

Applies Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860.

60. Shannon Navigation [1.]

AmTdS 2ft 3 vSite?!''} Shannon

9 & 10 Vict. c. 86., Public Works (Ireland).

Incorporates certain sections of Irish Drainage Acts, 5 & 6 Vict. c. 89., 26 & 27 Vict. c. 88., and 29 & 30 Vict. c. 26 .; and also certain sections of Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts, 10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., 12 & 13 Vict. c. 59., and 35 & 36 Vict. c. 31.

61. Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps Compensation [U.K.]

Applies 34 & 35 Vict. c. 86., Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871.

62. Infants Contracts [U.K.]

63. Boundaries of Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries [E.] .

Extends powers of re-arranging under 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 77. and 3 & 4 Vict. c. 113.

64. Evidence Further Amendment (Scotland) [S.]

Repeals sections of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 20., Law of Evidence (Scotland).

65. Prince Leopold's Annuity [U.K.]

66. Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) [I.]

Construes Act with 14 & 15 Vict. c. 57.

67. Slaughter-houses, &c. (Metropolis) [E.]

Amends the law relating to Slaughter-houses and certain other businesses in the Metropolis.

Applies Summary Jurisdiction Act, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

Amends law as to renewal of licenses for Slaughter-houses under Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

Applies Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

Repeals (so far as relates to certain businesses) sections 55 and 56 of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 84., Metropolis Buildings.

68. Attorneys and Solicitors [E.]

Amends 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 127.

Applies Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

69. Licensing (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 35 & 36 Vict. c. 94. so far as it relates to Ireland* and said Act (as amended) to be construed with this Act.

Amends 26 & 27 Vict. c. 33. as to Occasional Licenses.

Restrains licenses under section 7 of 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 39.

Amends 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 68. as to register of licenses.

Applies Petty Sessions (Ireland) Acts, &c.

Towns Improvement (Ireland) Acts *

Repeals certain sections of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 94.

section 15 of 55 Geo. 8. c. 104.

Cb.

70. Valuation (Ireland) Act Amendment [I.]

Amends, and in part repeals, 15 & 16 Vict. c. 63., 17 & 18 Vict. c. 8., and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 4.

71. Lough Corrib Navigation [I.]

Enlarges powers of 19 & 20 Vict c. 62., Navigations and Drainage (Ireland).

7g. Fines (Ireland) Act Amendment. [I.]

Explains and amends 14 & 15 Vict. c. 90.

Repeals section of 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 34. as to returns by clerks of petty sessions.

Applies Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851.

73. Post Office Savings Banks [U.K.]

Amends, and in part repeals, 24 & 25 Vict. c. 14., and said Act to be construed with this Act.

74. Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) [I.]

Amends, and in part repeals, 5 & 6 Vict c. 123., and said Act to be construed with this Act.

75. Vaccination Act, 1871, Amendment [E.]

Explains and amends 34 & 35 Vict. c* 98.

76. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as in Schedule) the following Acts, and Acts amending the same; viz.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

2 & 3 Vict. c. 74., Unlawful Societies (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30., Survey of Great Britain.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, &c. Commissions.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Rates.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123., Lunatic Asylums (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict c. 82., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

11 & 12 Vict c. 107., Sheep and Cattle Diseases.

14 & 15 Vict c. 104., Episcopal, &c. Estates.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102; , Corrupt Practices Prevention.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 36., Preservation of the Peace (Ireland).

23 & 24 Vict c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

25 & 26 Vict c. 97., Salmon Fisheries (Scotland).

26 & 27 Vict c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 9., Malt for Animals.

27 & 28 Vict c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

27 & 28 Vict c. 92., Public Schools.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict c. 66., Malt Duty.

28 & 29 Vict c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

30 & 31 Vict c. 36., Chester Courts.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 126., Railway Companies (Scotland).

80 & 31 Vict c. 127., Railway Companies.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 141., Master and Servant.

31 & 32 Vict c. 82., Endowed Schools.

31 & 32 Vict c. 125., Election Petitions, &c.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

34 & 35 Vict c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

34 & 85 Vict c. 105., Petroleum.

d 2

xl Effect of Legislation. 37 & 38 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 37 & 38 Vict (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

77. Colpnial Clergy [U.K.]

Exempts persons ordained under 15 & 16 Vict. c. 52., Colonial Bishops. Applies 24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 35.,

section 1 of 59 Geo. 3. c. 60.,

Repeals section 2 of 24 Geo. 2. sess. 2. c.

in part 26 Geo. 3. c. 84.,

sections 2 to 5 of 59 Geo. 3. c. 60.,

section of 5 Vict. c. 6., J

wholly 3 & 4 Vict. c. 33., Protestant Episcopal Church (Scotland).

78. Real Property4(Vendors and Purchasers) [E. A I.]

Amends present law of vendor and purchaser.

79. Foyle College [I.]

49 £ 3. c.' £?, } Londonderry School.

80. Constabulary (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 10 & 11 Vict. c. 100., and section 12 of 4 & 5 Will. 4.

c. 24. as to Superannuation.

Amends section 18 of 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. as to disabilities of members of the force.

Repeals section 12 of 29 & 30 Vict c. 103. as to charge upon counties., part of section 15 of 2 & 3 Vict. c. 75.

part of section 6 of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 72.

1

35,

>Colonial Clersrv. Ac.

81. Great Seal Offices [E.]

Abolishes certain Offices connected with the Great Seal.

Applies 53 Geo. 3. c. 89., Conveyance of Writs for Elections.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873.

Repeals section of 53 Geo. 3. c. 89., Conveyance of Writs for Elections.

wholly (except part of section 2) 3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 84., Offices in Court of Chancery.

" wholly 7 & 8 VictL c.' 77.^''} Clerk of the Crown in CbaDcer7-

sections 8 to 12 of 5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 82., Court of Chancery

Offices.

wholly 11 & 12 Vict. c. 94., 1 Offi ., p - .

in part 12 & 13 Vict. c. 109., / Uffics ln Uie rett^ &c '

in part 15 & 16 Vict. c. 87., Court of Chancery.

in part 32 & 33 Vict. c. 91., Courts of Justice Salaries and Funds.

82. Church Patronage (Scotland) [S.]

Repeals lO^Anne^c. ^2., | Admission of Ministers to Benefices.

Repeals all laws, &c. inconsistent with this Act.

83. Supreme Court of Judicature Act Suspension [E.]

Repeals section 2 of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., and provides for commencement of that Act on 1st November 1875.

84. VTorks and Public Buildings [U.K.]

Amalgamates divers Corporations created by Act9 mentioned in Schedules.

Ch.

85. Public Worship Regulation [E.]

Applies section 58 of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106., in reference to Notice to Patron, &c.

86. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund [I.]

Recites 11 & 12 Vict. c. 115.

Vests Funds in Commissioners of Public Works.

Applies Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and Petty Sessions (Ireland) Acts.

87. Endowed Schools Acts Amendment [E.]

Transfers powers of Endowed Schools Commissioners to Charity Commissioners.

Repeals in part 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56.

section 17 of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

Construes said Acts with this Act.

88. Births and Deaths Registration [E.]

Amends, and in part repeals, the following Acts; viz. —

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.,

7 Will 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22., I

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80., >Births and Deaths Registration.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25., I

26 & 27 Vict. c. 11., J

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119., Passengers Act, 1855.

89. Sanitary Laws Amendment [E.]

Explains and amends 35 & 36 Vict. c. 79., Public Health Act, 1872. Amends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90., Sanitary Act, 1866.

Amends and repeals in part 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98. and 24 & 25 Vict.

c. 61., Local Government Acts, 1858 and 1861.

Applies Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Duchy of Lancaster Lands Act, 1855.

Provides for Confirmation of regulations under Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851.

Applies and extends provisions of the Nuisances Removal Acts.

90. Elementary Education (Orders) [E.]

Recites and incorporates 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. and 36 & 37 Vict c. 86., Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873.

91. India Councils [C.]

Amends 24 & 25 Vict c. 67. and 32 & 33 Vict c. 97.

92. Alderney Harbour Transfer [E.]

Amends 28 & 29 Vict c. 100., Harbours Transfers Act, 1865.

Applies 5 & 6 Vict. c. 94., Defence Act, 1842.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 57., Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864.

93. Public Health (Ireland) [I.]

Applies and amends Local Government (Ireland) Acts, 1871, 1872; applies also the Sanitary Acts, Lands Clauses Acts, Poor Law Acts, and Medical Charities Acts.

Defines powers and duties of Sanitary Authorities with respect to the following objects: Sewage Utilization: Nuisances Removal, and Diseases Prevention; Common Lodging Houses; Artizans and Labourers Dwellings; Bakehouses Regulation; Baths and Washhouses; Labouring Classes Lodging Houses; Burial Grounds; and applies the various Acts relating thereto.

d 3

Ch.

Transfers powers, &c. of Board of Trade under the Alkali Act, 1863,

to Local Government Board for Ireland.

Amends section 60 of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 103., Towns Improvement (Ireland).

Applies Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and Fines Act (Ireland), 1851.

94.' Conveyancing (Scotland) [S.]

Amends, and in part repeals, Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Acts, 1868 and 1869.

Defines title and period of prescription for purposes of Act of Parliament of Scotland, 1617, c. 12.

Defines effect of decree of sale of Glebe under Glebe Lands (Scotland) Act, 1866.

Repeals section 118 of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 79., Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856.

Repeals all statutes, &c. inconsistent with this Act.

95. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E. & S.]

Repeals and continues Local Acts as set forth in the Schedule.

96. Statute Law Revision [U.K.]

Repeals (with Savings) the Enactments described in the Schedule. [These Enactments will he found in their Chronological Order in Table B. — See page lvi, et seg."]

Effect of Legislation.

xliii

im.

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 37 & 38 Vict.

Norn — The Repeals effected by The Statute Law Revision Acts (Chapters 35. and 96.), are made the Subject of separate Chronological Arrangements, which will be found at pages xlvii and lvi, posted.

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

How

affected.

Chapter of 37 & 38 Vict.

43 Eliz. c. 2. in part -12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 10. s. 89. O [s. 91. in Ruffhead.] I

9 Anne c. 11. s. 44. - - f

[c. 10. s. 44. in Ruffhead.] J

10 Anne c. 12.

c. 18. a. 198. -[c. 19. s. 182. in Ruffhead.] / 24 Geo. 2. Sega. 2. c. 35. s. 2. \ 26 Geo. 3. c. 84. in part - / -37 Geo. 3. c. 21. (I.) -

48 Geo. 3. c. 77.

49 Geo. 3. c. lix.

53 Geo. 3. c. 89. s. 4. -55 Geo. 3. c. 94. in part

c. 104. s. 15. c. 194.

59 Geo. 3. c.* 60. as. 2-5.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 22. ss. 1., 7. Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 27.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27. in part -

c. 68.

c. 84. in part -

c. 103. in part - \

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 1.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 47.

c. 67.

c. 82. ss. 8-12.

5 & 7 WUl. 4. c. 13. s. 34.

c. 13. s. 18.

c. 32.

c. 34. s. 4.

c. 86. - -1

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22.

_ 137.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 61.

c. 71. 8. 6.

c. 75. s. 15. in part

3 & 4 Vict. c. 33.

» c. 57.

Poor Rates Act -

Revenue Officers Disabilities

Church Patronage (Scotland).

Revenue Officers Disabilities

Colonial Clergy

Game Laws (Ireland) »

Londonderry School

Conveyance of Writs British White Herring Fishery.

Licensing (Ireland) Apothecaries Colonial Clergy -Sugar Duties Holyhead Harbour Limitation of Actions Licensing (Ireland)

Court of Chancery Offices -

Factories -

Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

Shannon Navigation Court of Chancery Offices Magistrates (Ireland) Constabulary (Ireland) Building Societies -Petty Sessions (Ireland) -

Births and Deaths Regis tration -

Sugar Duties Shannon Navigation Revenue Officers Disabilities Constabulary (Ireland) Protestant Episcopal Church (Scotland).

Sugar Duties -

v -

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended Repealed Repealed Amended Repealed Repealed Amended & repealed in part Repealed Amended Repealed Repealed Repealed

Repealed

54

22

82

22

77

n

79

81

25

69

34

77

16

30

57-

69

81

44

81

60

81

23

80 42 72

88

16

60

22

80

77

16

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

How Chapter of afliected. 37 & 38 Vict.

5 Vict. c. 6. 8. 4.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. 68. 29., 59.

c. 61.

c. /3.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. in part

c. 71. 88. 8., 10.

c. 77 *

c. 84. ss. 55., 56., part.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 86.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 5. in part

c. 29.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 72. 8.6. in part

c. 94.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 109. in part -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 54. in part

c. 67. as. bjj 9.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55. s. 14.

c. 90.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 63.

c. 87. in part

16 & 17 Vict. c. 20. s. 4.

c. 60. s. 1.

c. 104. in part -

c. 119.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 8.

c. 30. in part c. 80.

c. 103. s. 60.

c. 104.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 97. in part

c. 119.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 62.

c. 79. s. 118.

c. 82.

c. 120.

20 Vict. c. 16.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 39.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 3. in part

Colonial Clergy -Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland).

Parliamentary Electors Registration.

Church Patronage (Scotland) Attorneys and Solicitors -Factories - Middlesex Sessions Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

Metropolis Buildings

Repealed Amended & repealed in part. Amended

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Public Works: Shannon Navigation.

Sugar Duties Factories -Constabulary (Ireland)

Offices in the Petty Bag -

- Factories -Sugar Duties

Criminal Justice Administration.

Fines (Ireland)

Valuation (Ireland)

Court of Chancery Law of Evidence (Scotland) Magistrates (Ireland) Factories -Betting Houses -Valuation (Ireland)

Sugar Duties

Births and Deaths Registration.

Towns Improvement (Ireland).

Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

Customs (Isle of Man) Passengers Act, 1855 Navigations and Drainage (Ireland).

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Race Horses

Leases and Sales of Settled Estates.

Race Horse Duty -Colonial Attornies East India Loan -

Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended Amended & repealed in part. Repealed Repealed Repealed Repealed Amended Amended & repealed in part. Repealed Amended & repealed in part. Amended

Amended

Repealed Amended - Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

77

74

53

82

68

44

7

81

67

60

16

44

80

81

44

16

72

70

81

64

23

44

15

70

16

88

93

88

46

88

71

94 16

33

16

41

3

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How- affected. Chapter of 37 & 38 Vict.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. - . Births and Deaths Regis- Amended 83

tration. & repealed

in part.

Cm 28# - Local Government Act, 1858 Amended 89

22 Vict. c. 11. in part - - East India Loan - Repealed 3

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4. as. 1., 2., 6. Middlesex Sessions Repealed 7

c. 39. in part . East India Loan - Repealed 3

c. 52. s. 3. - Commissioners of Dublin Repealed 23

Police.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 4. - - Valuation (Ireland) Amended & repealed 70

in part.

c. 114. in part - Sugar Duties Repealed 16

c. 127. - - . Attorneys and Solicitors - Amended 68

c. 130. in part - East India Loan - Repealed 3

34 & 25 Vict. c. 14. - Post Office Savings Banks Amended & repealed 73

in part.

c. 25. in part - East India Loan - Repealed 3

ji c. 61. Local Government Act, 1861 Amended 89

c. 67. - - India Councils Amended 91

c. 86. -, c. 91. 8.15. - Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Race Horses Amended Repealed 31 16

c. 117.8.2. Lace Factories Amended 44

c. 118. in part - East India Loan - Repealed 3

25 & 26 Vict. c. 69. in part - Harbour Transfer — Holy- Repealed 30

head.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 11. - - Births and Deaths Regis- Amended 88

tration. & repealed

in part.

c. 33. - - Licensing - Amended 49 and 69

c. 88. - - Drainage, See. of Lands Amended 32

(Ireland).

c. 124. - . Alkali Act, 1863 - Amended 43

27 & 28 Vict. c. 27. - Chain Cables and Anchors Amended & repealed 51

in part.

c. 64. - Licensing ... Amended 49

c. 72. - Drainage, &c. of Lands Amended 32

(Ireland).

c. 48. in part - Factories - Repealed 44

28 & 29 Vict. c. 52. - - Drainage, &c. of Lands Amended 32

(Ireland).

c. 100. - - Alderney Harbour Amended 92

29 & 30 Vict c. 4. - . Cattle Disease (Ireland) - Amended 6

c. 23. 88. 1., 2. - Customs (Isle of Man) Repealed 46

c. 90. - . Sanitary Act, 1866 Constabulary (Ireland) Customs (Isle of Man) Amended 89

c. 103. s. 12. Repealed 80

30 & 31 Vict. c. 86. - - Repealed 46

c. 103. in part - Factories - Repealed 44

31 & 32 Vict. c. 101. - - Titles to Land Consolida- Amended 94

tion (Scotland). 16

c. 124. a. 3. - Sugar Duties Repealed

32 & 33 Vict c. 14. s. 19. in part Horses and Horse Dealers Repealed 16

c. 27* 8. 8. in part Licensing — Wine and Beer- Repealed 49

houses.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 37 & 38 Vict.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. in part Endowed Schools - Repealed 87

C. 72. - Drainage, &c. of Lands (Ireland). Amended 32

c. 91. in part Courts of Justice Salaries and Funds. Repealed 81

C. 97. - India Councils Amended 91

c. 105. - Harbour of Galle Loan Repealed 24

c. 106. in part - East India Loan - Repealed 3

c. 116. - Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland). Amended 94

33 & 34 Vict. c. 32. in part Sugar Duties and Duties on Horses. Repealed 16

c. 36. - Cattle Disease (Ireland) - Amended 6

c. 62. in part Factories - Repealed 44

C. 67. - Army Enlistment - Amended 4

c. 93. - Married Women's Property Amended 50

c. 97. - Stamp Duties Amended 19

34 & 35 Vict. c. 98. - Vaccination Amended 75

c. 101. - Chain Cables and Anchors Amended & repealed in part. 51

c. 103. 88.24., 25. Husbandry Horses Repealed 16

c. 104. s. 9. Recovery of Penalties (Scotland). Amended 44

c. 109. - Local Government (Ireland) Amended 93

35 & 36 Vict. c. 18. - Board of Trade Inquiries - Repealed 40

c. 20. 8. 2. in part Customs (Isle of Man) Repealed 46

c. 51. in part Judges Salaries Repealed 7

c. 69. - Local Government (Ireland) Amended 93

c. 73. s. 12. - Merchant Shipping Repealed 51

c. 79. Public Health Amended 89

c. 84. - Revising Barristers Repealed 53

c. 94. Licensing - Amended & repealed in part. 49 and 69

36 & 37 Vict. c. 18. in part Sugar Duties Repealed 16

c. 27. - Juries (Ireland) Amended 28

c. 29. - Customs (Sugar), Isle of Man. Repealed 46

c. 32. in part East India Loan - Repealed 3

c. 48. - - Regulation of Railways Amended 40

c. 66. s. 2. Supreme Court of Judicature. Repealed 83

c. 87. 8.17. Endowed Schools - Repealed 87

Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision Act (37 Jk 38 Vict. c. 35.),

Act repealed by | 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

42 Geo. 3. c. 72. s. 32.1 in pt. J

c. 90. 8.172. in pt. 52 Geo. 3. c. 104. s. 3. c. 110. ss. 3., 4. 53 Geo. 3. c. 64. s. 9. c. 107. s. 17. c. 155. in pt. 55 Geo. 3. c. 184. s. 23.

c. 185.. s. 7. in pt. 57 Geo. 3. c. 70. in pt.

59 Geo. 3. c. 7. s. 2. c. 35. ss. 21., 22., 37.

c. 107.

1 Geo. 4. c. 14. s. 3.

c. 30. c. 109.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 28.1 ss. 2., 4./ c. 53. in pt.

c. 63 c. 66. in pt.

c. 77. fl. 8. in pt. 3 Geo. 4. c. 30. s. 19.

c. 69. c. 72. in pt. c. 96. c. 98. c. 119. in pt. 5 Geo. 4. c. 12. in pt. c. 90. 8. 1. in pt.

c. 92.

6 Geo. 4. c. 7. in pt. c. 30. in pt. c. 50. 3. 62. c. 51. s. 1. c. 59. s. 9. in pt. c. 69. ss. 3., 5. c. 85. 8. 18. c. 88.

c. 118. 7 Geo. 4. c. 4. c. 68.

7 3c 8 Geo. 4. c. 52.1 a. 82. in pt. J c. 53. s. 75. c. 62. c. 67.

C 71. B. 6. in pt.

Militia — Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

Militia (England).

Unlawful Oaths.

County Rates, &c.

Court of Session (Scotland).

Commissioners of Endowed Schools (Ireland).

East India Company.

Stamp Duties.

Stamp Office Duties.

Relief of Persons impugning the Doctrine of the Holy Trinity in Ireland.

Cutlery Trade in England.

Administration of Justice (Scotland).

Permits and Certificates (Ireland).

Drawback on Gold Articles exported, &c.

Relief of Rutson and Co. of Liverpool.

Pensions to Officers, &c. of His late Majesty.

Abolishing the African Company.

Proceedings in Courts of Common Law (Ireland).

Justices of Peace acting out of the Limits of their Counties. Fur Trade, and Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction in certain Parts of North America.

Gaol Fees Abolition (Ireland).

Duty on Malt.

Regulation of Fees in Courts of Record at Westminster. Church Building Acts Amendment.

Duties in New South Wales.

Pensions to Servants of Queen Caroline.

Trade of Lower and L^pper Canada.

Gaols and Houses of Correction.

Additional Places of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.

Dock and Warehouse Duties (Ireland).

Duties of Assessed Taxes.

Administration of Justice, Court of Chancery, (Ireland). Jurors and Juries.

Special Juries, &c. (Ireland).

Extinction of Feudal Rights, Lower Canada.

Offences by Transports in the Colonies, &c.

Salaries, &c. of Judges in India, Ac.

Salaries, &c. of Bishops in West Indies.

Plate Duties, &c.

Bishops, &c. (West Indies).

Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada.

Malt Duty.

Revenue of Excise.

Clergy Reserves (Canada).

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Arrests upon Mesne Process.

Table B. — A.cts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 88 Vict 88 Vict. c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

9 Geo. 4. c. 74. ss. 36., \ 37./ c. 83. in pt. c. 91. c. 92. in pt. 10 Geo. 4. c. 26. c. 44. s. 7. in pt. c. 50. in pt. 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4 \ c. 34./ c. 36. in pt. c. 42. c. 53. c. 57.1 (except as to Dublin) /; C. 58. ss. 7., 18., 23. c. 64. 8.30. in pt. c. 65. in pt. c. 69. ss. 28., 39., 46. 1 Will. 4. c. 1. c. 2. C. 3. 88. 1., 4. C. 4. 8. 1. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. in pt. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. 8. 2. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. c. 21. s. 2. c. 23. c. 25. 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. in pt. Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies. Administration of Justice in New South Wales. Welland Canal Navigation in Upper Canada. Savings Banks. Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, &c. Metropolitan Police. Management of Crown Lands. Shubenaccadie Canal in Nova Scotia. Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts. Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. Government of Quebec. Payment of Costs in Cases of Felony (Ireland). Fees of Officers of Courts of Common Law. Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England. Property belonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Lunatics, &c. Judicial Establishments of Scotland. Consolidated Fund (Supply). Regency. Administration of Justice, Law Terms, &c. Patents of Colonial Governors, &c. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Commissions Continuance. Judgment and Execution in Actions. Supply. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Duties on Personal Estates, &c. Richmond Lunatic Asylum, Dublin. Marine Mutiny. Mutiny. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Duties and Drawbacks on Printed Calicoes, Linens, &c. Proceedings in Prohibition, &c. Duties on Sugar imported. Civil List. Grosvenor Place Lighting, &c. Commissions, Appointments, &c. in Ireland. Deputy Lieutenants Indemnity (Scotland). Oaths and Affirmations, Customs and Excise Depart* ments.

c. 5. c. 6. c. 8. c. 11. c. 12. C. 13. 88. 5-7. c. 14. c. 15. c. 17. 88.13-16. c. 18. in pt. c. 19. c. 20. c. 22. in pt. c. 24. in pt. Duchy of Cornwall Leases. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Militia Ballots. Provision for the Queen in case She survive His Majesty. Forest of Dean, &c. Growth of Tobacco in Ireland. Exchequer Bills. Militia Pay. Lieutenants for Counties, &c. (Ireland). Transfer of Duties of Receivers General of Taxes. Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Candles. Annuity to Duchess of Kent. Hackney Carriages, Waggons, See. in the Metropolis. Public Works and Fisheries Advances.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 25. s.2. c. 26. c. 27. c. 28. c. 31. in pt. c. 32. in pt. c. 33. in pt. c. 34. c. 35. c. 36. c. 38. s. 1. c. 41. 8. 20. c. 44. s. 1. C. 45. 88.1., 10. c. 46. c. 4/. c. 52. c. 53. c. 54. c. 55. in pt. c. 57. s. 103. 2 &3 Will.4. c.l.inpt. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. s. 6. c. 6. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 14. c. 16. in pt. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. c. 20. C. 21. 8. 1. c. 22. c. 23. c. 27. c. 28. c. 29. c. 30. c. 32. 88. 1., 3. c. 35. c. 36. c. 38. c. 39. in pt. c. 43. c. 44. c. 45. s. 19. c. 48. in pt. c. 50. c. 53. in pt. c. 54. Exemptions from Toll on Turnpike Roads. Public Accounts, &c. (Ireland). County Clare Presentments. Supply. Administration of Justice (Ireland). Game Laws. Public Works (Ireland). Charity Commissioners. Fees of Officers of Courts of Common Law. Payment of Wages in Goods. Church Building (Patronage Act). Special Constables. Tumultuous Risings (Ireland). Augmentations to small Livings. Importation of Lumber, &c. (Barbadoes and Saint Vincent). Arms (Ireland). Military Accounts (Ireland). Duties on Hops. Appropriation of Supplies. Illicit making of Malt and Distillation (Ireland). Obstructions in Rivers (Ireland). Land Revenue Offices. Outstanding Lottery Tickets. Repair and Improvement of Buckingham Palace. Embezzlements by Persons in the Public Service. Supply. Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, &c. Fever Hospitals (Ireland). Cholera Prevention (England). Cholera Prevention (Scotland). Exchequer Bills. Erection of certain Revenue Buildings at Liverpool. Excise Permits for Removal of Goods. Assignment and Subletting of Tenements (Ireland). Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Sale, Manufacture, &c. of Tobacco (Ireland). Coal Trade (Ireland). Sugar Duties. Marine Mutiny. Cholera Prevention (Scotland). Mutiny. Allowance on Spirits made from Malt. Supply. Erection of Nisi Prius Court House in Dublin. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Free Importation of Provisions, &c. (Barbadoes, &c.) Relief ot Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions. Relief of Insolvent Debtors in India. Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Representation of the People (England and Wales)* Clerk of the Crown in the King's Bench (Ireland). Militia Ballots. Payment of Army Prize Money. Court of Exchequer (Scotland). (jjOCK

Table B. — -Acta of former Sessions repealed and amendod — co»Tj«k«c/ *

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 55. c. 57. (except s. 3.) c. 59. in pt. c. 60. s. 3. c. 62. c. 64. 8. 39. c. 70. c. 71. in pt. c. 74. c. 75. ss. 20., 21. c. 76. c. 77. c. 78. s. 2. c. 79. _ c. 83. c. 87. in pt. c. 88. in pt. c. 89. s. 5. c. 90. c. 92. (except s. 3.) Supply. Charity Estates and Funds. Transfer of Management of Life Annuities. Assizes for King's County (Ireland). Punishment of Death Abolition. Boundaries of Counties, &c. Arms (Ireland). Shortening the Time of Prescription. Distillation of Spirits from Mangel Wurzel. Schools of Anatomy. Militia Pay. Linen and Hempen Manufactures (Ireland). Newfoundland (Administration of Justice). Fisheries in Newfoundland. Gaols in Ireland; Epidemic Diseases. Office for Registering Deeds, &c. (Ireland). Representation of the People (Ireland). Boundaries of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs (Ireland). Inspectors and Coal Meters of Dublin — Compensation. Transfer of Powers of Court of Delegates to His Majesty in Council.

c. 93. in pt. c. 94. c. 95. c. 96. c 97 c. 100. 8. 3! c. 161. c. 103. in pt. c. 105. ss. 6-8. c. 108. ss. 13., 20. c. 109. c. 110. Process upon Contempts in the Courts EcclesiasticaL Exchequer Bills. Sugar Duties. Employment of Agricultural Labourers. Wives and Families of Soldiers, &c. Modus and Tithes Exemption Prescription. Sheriff of Selkirkshire. Customs and Excise Revenues (Scotland). Speaker of the House of Commons. Special Constables (Ireland). Annuity to Right Hon. Charles Manners Sutton. Duties of Officers on the Common Law Side of Court of

c. 111. S3. 1., 2. c. 112. 3. 2. c. 115. 8. 3. c. 116. in pt. c. 117. c. 118. c. 119. c. 120. in pt. c. 121. c. 122. c. 123. s. 2. Exchequer. Court of Chancery Offices Abolition, &c. Hereditary Land Revenues (Scotland). Roman Catholic Charitable Donations and Bequests. Salaries of High and Judicial Officers. Justices of the Peace and Juries (East Indies). Party Processions (Ireland). Compositions for Tithes (Ireland). Duties on Stage Carriages, &c. Greek Loan Convention. Provision for Lord Chancellor in lieu of Fees. Abolition of Punishment of Death in certain Cases of

' c. 125. in pt. c. 126. c. 127. 8. 3. 3&4 Will. 4. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 11. Forgery. Trinidad, British Guiana, and St. Lucie Relief. Appropriation of Supplies. Commissioners of Land Tax, &c. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Sugar Duties, &c. Suppression of Local Disturbances, &c. (Ireland). Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Tiles.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended —

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 12. c. 13. 88. 3., 7., 9. c. 14. in pt. c. 18. c. 20. c. 21. c. 22. 8. 44. c. 25. c. 26. c. 27. in pt. c. 28. c. 29. in pt. c. 33. c. 35. 8. 5. Duties on Personal Estates, &c. Public Revenue (Scotland). Savings Banks — Government Annuities. Supply. Indemnity of Witnesses, Stafford Election. Militia Ballots. Law of Sewers Amendment. Exchequer Bills. Vessels lying in the River Liffey. Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property. Regulation of the Woollen Trade. Pensions, Chelsea Hospital. Military, &c. Roads in the Highlands of Scotland. Recovery of Rates made under Inclosure and Drainage Acts.

c. 38. c. 41. 8. 1. in pt. c. 42. in pt. c. 44. c. 48. ss. 1-3. c. 50. in pt. c. 62. c. 66. Forest of Dean. Judicial Committee of Privy Council. Amendment of the Law and Advancement of Justice. Stealing in a Dwelling House, Forgery, &c. Stage and Hackney Carriages. Customs Acts Repeal. Militia Pay. Duties of Package, Scavage, &c. belonging to Corporation of London.

c. 67. in pt. c. 68. in pt. c. 69. ss. 1., 18. c. 71. s. 1. c. 73. in pt. c. 74. in pt. c. /5. c. 76. 8. 6. in pt. Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions. Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, &c. (Ireland). Hereditary Land Revenue of the Crown (Scotland). Places for holding of Assizes. Abolition of Slavery in the British Colonies. Abolition of Fines and Recoveries. Cholera Prevention (England and Scotland). Election of Magistrates and Councils of Royal Burghs (Scotland).

c. 78. in pt. c./9. c. 80. s. 9. c. 81. c. 83. ss. 1., 3. N c. 84. in pt. c. 85. in pt. c. 90. in pt. c. 91. s. 5Q. in pt. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. in pt. c. 94. in pt. Grand Juries (Ireland). Trial of Offences (Ireland). Annual Statements of Trustees of Turnpike Roads. Fixtures, &c. for Buckingham Palace. Banks: Issue of Promissory Notes, &c. Court of Chancery abolished Offices. East India Company and Government of India. Lighting and Watching of Parishes. Jurors and Juries (Ireland). Public Infirmaries, Hospitals, &c. (Ireland). Trade to China and India. Regulation of certain Offices of Court of Chancery in England.

c. 96. c. 97. c. 98. in pt. c. 99. in pt. c. 100. c. 102. Appropriation of Supplies. Stamp Duty, &c. Bank of England Privileges. Appointment of Sheriffs, Recovery of Fines, &c. Compositions for Tithes (Ireland). Marriages between Protestants by Roman Catholic Clergymen (Ireland).

c. 103. in pt. 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. Labour of Children, &c. in Mills and Factories. Labour of Children, &c. in Mills and Factories. Supply. Exchequer Bills. e 2

Act repealed by 87 & 38 Vict c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

4&5 Will. 4. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 10. c. 11. (except s. 5.) c. 12. c. 14. C. 16. 83. 1., 3. Marine Mutiny. Sugar Duties. Mutiny. Inland Postage, North American Colonies. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Duties on Offices and Pensions, &c. Supply. Bounty on raising and dressing Hemp or Flax. Abolition of Office of Recorder of the Great Roll or Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scotland.

c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. ss. 1., 2. c. 24. in pt. c. 26. c. 28. (except s. 2.) c. 30. in pt. c. 32. ss. 1., 2., 11. c. 33. c. 35. c. 36. in pt. c. 37. c. 38. c. 42. s. 2. c. 45. c. 51. in pt. c. 53. c. 55. c. 56. c. 58. c. 59. c. 60. ss. 3., 4. c. 61. in pt. c. 62. in pt. c. 63. c. 64. c. 65. 8. 1. c. 68. c. 69. c. 70. in pt. c. 71. c. 72. (except 8. 12.) c. 7.3. c. 74. c. 75. (except ss. 9., 10.) c. 76. in pt. c. 77. (except ss. 10., 11.) c. 78. in pt. c. 83. c. 84. c. 85. in pt. c. 91. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. 6 & 6 Will. 4. c. 1. c. 3. c. 4. Indemnity of Witnesses, Warwick Election. Indemnity of Witnesses, Liverpool Election. Inhabited House Duty. Civil Service Superannuation. Abolition of hanging Criminals in Chains. Marriages by Roman Catholic Priests, &c. (Scotland). Exchange of Lands lying in Common Fields. Tonnage Rates, Port of London. Deposits upon Teas sold at East India Company's Sales. Regulation of Chimney Sweepers. Central Criminal Court. Lotteries for the Improvement of Glasgow. Suppression of Local Disturbances (Ireland). Affidavits in the Stannaries Court. Civil Service Superannuation. Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise. Arms and Gunpowder (Ireland). Valuation of Lands, See. (Ireland). Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. Forest of Dean Boundary Commission. Land and Assessed Taxes, &c. Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. Common Pleas, County Palatine of Lancaster. Militia Pay. Militia Ballots. Administration of Justice at Norfolk Island. Courts of Justice Offices in Dublin. Mumbles Head Lighthouse. Salaries of Officers of the House of Commons, &c. Printers and Publishers of Newspapers (Ireland). Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works. Duties of Assessed Taxes. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Duties on Spirits (Ireland). Poor Laws (England and Wales). Duties on Starch, &c. Court of Chancery (Ireland). Tithes Prescription Act Amendment. Appropriation of Supplies. Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England. Turnpike Acts Continuance (Ireland). Abolition of Fines and Recoveries. Appeals against Summary Convictions (Ireland). Execution of Criminals in County of Chester. Supply. Exchequer Bills.

Table B. — Acte of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 9. c. 10. c. 12. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. in pt. c. 17. in pt. c. 18. s. 3. c. 20. in pt. c. 23. c. 24. s. 10. c. 26. 8. 1. c. 27. in pt. c. 30. Mutiny. Indemnity to Governor General of India. Marine Mutiny. Supply. Importation of certain Articles into the Island of Dominica. Sugar Duties. Western Australia Government Continuance. Allowances of Duty of Excise on Soap. Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, &c. Property of Infants, Lunatics, &c. Exemption of Carriages carrying Manure from Toll. Consolidation of Offices (Stamps and Taxes). Loan Societies. Enlistment of Seamen and manning of the Navy. Places for holding Assizes (Ireland). Linen and Hempen Manufactures (Ireland). Protecting the Revenues of vacant Ecclesiastical Dignities, and preventing Lapse thereof during pending Inquiries.

c. 31. c. 35. in pt. Validity of Contracts for repairing Public Roads (Ireland). Consolidation of the Offices of Paymaster General, Paymaster and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, Treasurer of the Navy, and Treasurer of the Ordnance.

c. 38. in pt. c. 39. as. 1., 2., 8. c. 41. in pt. Government of Prisons in England and Wales. Duties on Spirit Licences, &c. Securities given for Considerations arising out of illegal Transactions.

c. 43. s. 2. c. 44. c. 46. c. 47. in pt. c. 48. Appointment of Special Constables. Exchequer Bills. Court of Exchequer (Scotland). Salary of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery. Punishment of Offences endangering the Public Peace (Ireland).

c. 49. c. 50. in pt. c. 51. in pt. c. 54. s. 4. c. 55. in pt. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Highways* Dominica Relief. Validity of certain Marriages. Sheriffs in Ireland; Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Great Britain.

c. 57- 88. 2., 3., 5. c. 58. s. 2. c. 62. as. 1., 22., 23. c. 63. in pt. C. 64. 88. 3., 6. c. 67. c. 68. c. 70. in pt. c. 7l. c. 74. 88. 1., 2. in pt. c. 76. in pt. c. 78. s. 14. c. 79. c. 80. c. 81. Savings Banks (Scotland). Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown (Scotland)* Substitution of Declarations in lieu of Oaths. Weights and Measures. Duties of Stamps and Assessed Taxes. Navigation of the River Shannon. Militia Pay. Abolition of Imprisonment for small Debts (Scotland). Charity Commissioners. Recovery of Tithes. Municipal Corporations (England and Wales). Representation of the People (Scotland). Payment of Tithe Compositions Instalments (Ireland). Appropriation of Supplies. Abolition of Capital Punishment for Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

c. 82. Offices in the Court of Chancery and in the Superior Courts of Common Law.

c. 84. in pt. Grand Jury Presentments for Piers and Quavs (Ireland).

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

6 & J Will. 4. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 4.

c. 8. c. 9. c. 10.

c. 11. as. 1., 12., 13. c. 13. in pt.

c. 16.

c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. in pt.

c. 20. s. 11. c. 23. c. 24. 8. 2. c. 28. 88. 9., 17. c. 29. in pt. c. 33. in pt.

c. 34. (except s. 11.) c. 36. 8. 1. c. 37. as. 34., 36. c. 38. in pt.

c. 39. c. 40. c. 41. in pt. c. 42. s. 21. in pt.

c. 44. c. 46.

c. 47. c. 48.

-c. 51. in pt. c. 52. c. 53. c. 56. in pt. c. 62. c. 63. c. 66. in pt. c. 67. c. 68. -c. 71. in pt. c. 72. c. 73. c. 74. in pt. c. 77. in pt. c. 79. c. 84. c. 85. in pt. c. 86. in pt. c. 87. in pt.

c. 88.

Exchequer Bills.

Abolition of Capital Punishment for Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

Mutiny.

Marine Mutiny.

Indemnity to Witnesses, Stafford Election.

Registration of Aliens.

Constabulary Force (Ireland).

Abolition of Slavery in Jamaica.

Administration of Justice in West India Colonies.

Supply. 1

Separation of Palatine Jurisdiction of County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick.

Restrictions on Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. Insolvent Debtors (Ireland).

Validity of Marriages in Saint Ann's Chapel, Wandsworth. Security in respect of matters relating to me Revenue.

Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resignation ad remanentiam (Scotland).

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Constabulary Force (Ireland).

Sale of Bread.

Excise licences, and Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, &c.

(Ireland).

Arms and Gunpowder (Ireland).

Turnpike Acts Continuance (Ireland).

Abolition of Commissary Court of Edinburgh, &c.

Entails (Scotland).

Insolvent Debtors (England).

Administration of Justice, New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

Insolvent Debtors in India.

Indemnity to Governors of the Islands of Antigua, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat.

Prisons (Ireland).

Excise (Paper and Vinegar).

Admiralty Jurisdiction, Prince of Wales's Island, &c.

Cessio bonorum (Scotland).

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

Recovery of Arrears of Highway Rates, &c.

Advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries. Ecclesiastical Appointments Suspension.

Western Australia Government Continuance.

Commutation of Tithes.

Duties of Excise on Spirits, &c.

Court of Exchequer (Scotland).

Court of Chancery (Ireland).

Ecclesiastical Commission.

Lighthouses, Lights, and Sea Marks.

Valuation of Lands and Tenements (Ireland).

Marriages (England).

Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (England). Extinguishment of the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties. Militia Ballots Suspension.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict c. 85. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 90. c. 92. s. 2. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Validity of Marriages solemnized in Church of Saint Clement, Oxford.

c. 93. c. 94. c. 95. c. 96. s. 9. c. 97. s. 1. in pt. c. 98. c. 100. c. 101. c. 104. as. 4., 6. c. 106. in pt. c. 108. in pt. c. 109. c. 110. a. 1. c. 113. c. 114. 8. 5. in pt. c. 116. in pt. 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 1. c. 2. in pt. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 11. c. 16. c. 17* in pt. c. 18. c. 19. 88. 4., 5. c. 21. in pt. c. 22. in pt. Militia Pay. Greek Loan Guarantee. Tithe Compositions (Ireland). Parochial Assessments. Perpetuation of the Duty on certain Offices and Pensions. Appropriation of Supplies. Alienation of Corporate Property (Ireland). Legalizing Lists of Voters and Claims and Objections. Administration of Borough Funds. Stannaries Court, Cornwall. Loans for Public Works (Ireland). Coal Trade. Copyright. Exchequer Bills. Defence of Accused Persons by Counsel or Attorney. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland). Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, &c. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland). Packet Service: Transfer of Mail Contracts. Charity Commission. Punishment of Leasing-making, Sedition, &c. (Scotland). Supply. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Transfer to Ccnsolid&ted Fund of certain Monies. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Quarter Sessions. Public Works (Ireland). Marriages, and Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England.

c. 24. s. 5. c. 25. in part, c. 26. as. 2., 36. c. 27. c. 29. s. 1. Shire Halls and Judges Lodgings. Police (Dublin Metropolis). Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills. Sugar Duties. Promotion of Foreigners hearing Her Majesty's Commission, and Enlistment of Foreigners under certain Restrictions.

c. 30. in pt. c. 32. in pt. c. 33. s. 22. c. 36. s. 49. Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law. Repeal of Laws relating to the Post Office. Management of the Post Office. Consolidation of Laws relative to Offences against the Post Office.

c. 38. c. 40. c. 41.88. 1., 38. c. 42.' Exchequer Bills. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Recovery of Small Debts (Scotland). Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van

c. 44. c. 46. s. 10. c. 49. in pt. c. 51. in pt. c. 52. Diemen's Land. Cogts of Prosecutions for concealing Birth of Children. Vesting the Rolls Estate in Her Majesty, &c. Excise Duties on Malt. Loans for Public Works and Fisheries. Militia Ballots Suspension.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 35. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

7 Will. 4. & 1. Vict. I c. 53. 8. 9. J c. 54. in. pt. c. 55. ss. 1., 6. Extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties. Treasurers of Counties (Ireland). Regulating Fees payable to Sheriffs upon Execution of Civil Process.

c. 56. c. 57. in pt. c. 58. Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors. Duties of Excise on Sugar made from Beet Root. Suspension of Proceedings for recovery of Tithe Composition Loans (Ireland).

C. 61. 88. 1., 2. c. 63. c. 64. s. 3. in pt. c. 65. c. 68. 8. 5. c. 69. s. 13. c. 70. c. 71. c. 73. s. 1. c. 74. c. 75. c. 76. c. 77.88. 2., 8. c. 78. in pt. c. 79. c. 80. c. 81. ss. 2., 3. c. 82. s. 3. Assessed Taxes. Militia Pay. Coroners of the County of Durham. Court of Exchequer (Scotland). Expenses of holding Coroners Inquests. Commutation of Tithes (England). | East India Company's College at Haileybury. Suspension of Ecclesiastical Appointments. I Grant of Privileges to trading and other Companies. Alienation of Corporate Property (Ireland). Commission for Building New Churches. Packet Postage on East India letters, &c. Central Criminal Court — Punishment of Death. Municipal Corporations (England and Wales). Appropriation. Exemption of certain Bills and Notes from Usury Laws. Levying of Borough Rates. Grand Juries (Ireland), County of Fermanagh Baronial Subdivisions.

c. 84. in pt. c. 88. in pt. c. 91. in pt. Punishment of Death in Cases of Forgery Abolition. Amending Acts relating to the Crime of Piracy. Abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases.

Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision Act (37 <£ 38 Vict. c. 96.)

Act repealed by 87 & 38 Vict c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 1. c. 2. in pt. c. 3. Commissions of the Peace Continuance. Civil List. Compensation to Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery.

c. 4. s. 2. c. 8. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. in pt. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. c. 20. in pt. Juries at adjourned Quarter Sessions. Annuity to the Duchess of Kent. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Waterford House of Industry. Dangerous Lunatics. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Abolition of Slavery in the British Colonies. Consolidation of the Offices of First Fruits, Tenths, and Queen Anne's Bounty.

Act repealed by 87 & 88 Vict c. 96 .; Subject-matter of Act repealed.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 21. c. 23. in pt. Supply. Amending the Law for providing fit Houses for the beneficed Clergy.

c. 24. c. 26. c. 27. s. 4. in pt. c. 28. in pt. c. 31. a. 5. c. 32. c. 33. c. 34. c. 36. 88. 1., 16., 19. c. 37. 8. 3. c. 38. s. 3. c. 44. c. 46. c. 49. in pt. c. 50. Regency. Exchequer Bills. Dangerous Lunatics (Ireland). Sale of Bread (Ireland). Sale of Church Patronage of Municipal Corporations. Courts at Westminster — Sittings in Banc in Vacation. Sugar Duties. Party Processions (Ireland). Harbour of Kingstown, and Port and Harbour of Dublin. Oaths of Witnesses before Grand Juries (Ireland), Vagrant Act Amendment. Duties of Excise on Glass. Western Australia Government Act Continuance. Government Life Annuities, &c. Administration of Justice, New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

c. 51. in pt. c. 52. c. 53. ss. 4., 5. c. 56. in pt. c. 61. 8. 1. in pt. c. 63. c. 64. 8. 7. c. 65. c. 67. s. 11. c. 68. c. 71. c. 72. c. 74. s. 9. Grand Jury Cess, County of the City of Dublin. Linen and Hempen Manufactures (Ireland). Treasurers of Counties (Ireland). Relief of the Destitute Poor (Ireland). Revenue Department Securities. Police of the District of Dublin Metropolis. Merger of Tithes in Land. Relief of Local Commissioners from certain Penalties. Government of Prisons in the West Indies. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Arms and Gunpowder (Ireland). Turnpike Acts Continuance (Ireland). Recovery of Possession of Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy.

c. 75. ss. 2., 3. c. 80. s. 4. Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine in London. Payment of Constables for keeping the Peace near Public Works.

c. 82. in pt. c. 86. in pt. c. 88. (except s. 18.) c. 89. s. 3. in pt. Parkhurst Prison for young Offenders. Advocations and Suspensions, Court of Session in Scotland. Loans for Public Works and Fisheries. Transfer of certain Funds to the Secretary at War and Paymaster-General.

c. 90. c. 91. c. 92. c. 93. c. 94. in pt. c. 95. ss. 3., 5. c. 96. in pt. cu 98. s. 20. c. 100. c. 103. c. 104. c. 106. in pt. Militia Ballots Suspension. Militia Pay. Repeal of the Four-and-a-Half per Centum Duties. Exchequer Bills. Custody of the Public Records. Providing for the Payment of certain Pensions. Joint Stock Banking Companies Legal Proceedings. Conveyance of the Mails by Railways. Powers to Judges for altering Forms of Pleading. Alienation of Corporate Property (Ireland). County of Clare Treasurer. Holding of Benefices in Plurality, and Residence of the Clergy.

c. 107. in pt., c. 108. c. 109. in pt. Church Building Acts Amendment. Ecclesiastical Appointments Suspension. Compositions for Tithes in Ireland. A

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended —

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 110. in pt. c. 111. c. 112. Abolition of Arrest on Mesne Process, &c* Appropriation of Supplies. Indemnity to those who have acted under an Ordinance of the Governor of Canada.

c. 114. ss. 33., 34., 36. c. 116. b. 2. c. 118. in pt. c. 119. in pt. c. 120. in pt. 2 & 3 Vict. c. l.\ SB. 10., 11. J c. 2. c. 3. in pt. c. 6. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 11. 8. 1. Personal Diligence, Arrestments, and Poindings (Scotland). Valuations and Grand Jury Presentments, Dublin. Court of Session, &c. (Scotland). Sheriff Courts (Scotland). Duchy of Cornwall Tin Duties. Relief of the Poor (Ireland). Supply. Tithe Compositions (Ireland). Mutiny. Supply. Marine Mutiny. Exchequer Bills. Episcopal Jurisdiction. Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, &c.

c. 16. in pt. c. 19. ss. 2.-4. c. 21. c. 22. Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham. Waterford Fever Hospital. Sugar Duties. Assizes; Inquisition of Pleas in Court of Exchequer of Pleas.

c. 23. c. 26. c. 27. s. 4. c. 28. s. 3. c. 31. c. 32. c. 34. c. 36. in pt. c. 37. c. 40. c. 43. c. 44. c. 45. s. 3. c. 47. in pt. c. 49. s. 1. in pt. c. 50. in pt. c. 51. ss. 1., 5. c. 55. c. 56. in pt. c. 57. c. 58. s. 5. in pt. c. 59. in pt. c. 61. in pt. c. 62. s. 38. c. 64. c. 67. ss. 1., 3. c. 68. Duties of Excise on Paper. Enactment of certain Laws in the Island of Jamaica. Regulating the Proceedings in Borough Courts. Watch Rates in Boroughs. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap. Supreme Courts of Judicature (East Indies). Supreme Courts (Scotland). Laws relating to Usury. Returns relative to Highways and Turnpike Roads. Militia Ballots Suspension. Timber Ships from British North America. Highways. Metropolitan Police. Ecclesiastical Districts to Churches or Chapels. Advances for Public Works. Pensions (Army, Navy, Marines, and Ordnance). Ecclesiastical Preferments Suspension.' Prisons (England). Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade. Courts of the Stannaries of Cornwall. Exemption of Officers of Militia serving as Sheriff. Navigation of the River Shannon. Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. Militia Pay. Letters Patent for Inventions. Joint Stock Banking Companies: Legal Proceedings by and against Members.

c. 69. s. 3. c. 71. in pt. c. 72. 8. 2. c. 74. 88. 5., 6. Lodgings for Judges of Assize. Regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis. Assize Courts for Counties, &c. Unlawful Oaths (Ireland).

Tabid B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended-'-cosft'nMerf.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 75. in pt. c. 76. c. 77. c. 78. in pt. c. 81. c. 82. s. 4. c. 83. c. 84.8s. 4., 5. c. 85. c. 87. c. 88. c. 89. c. 90. c. 92. c. 93. in pt. c. 95. c. 96. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 1. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 10. in pt. c. 12. o. 13. c. 14. c. 15. ss. 2., 30. c. 17- in pt. c. 18. ss. 1., 16., 17. c. 19. c. 20. in pt. c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. in pt. c. 26. c. 27. c. 30. c. 31. s. 6. c. 32. c. 33. s. 7- in pt. Constabulary Force (Ireland). Alienation of Corporate Property (Ireland). Prevention and Punishment of Assaults (Ireland). Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. Administration of Justice in detached Parts of Counties. Continuance of the Poor Law Commission. Assessment and Collection of Rates for the Relief of the Poor. Petty Sessions: Bastardy Orders. Manchester Police. Birmingham Police. Appropriation. Exchequer Bills. Fines and Penalties under the Revenue Laws (Ireland). County and District Constables. Bolton Police. Fisheries Convention with France. Naturalization of Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha. Annuity to Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha. Supply. Horse Racing. Mutiny. Supply. Marine Mutiny. Loans for Public Works and Fisheries. Exchequer Bills. Tithe Rentcharges. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. Duties of Customs, Excise, and Assessed Taxes. Discontinuance of Excise Survey on Tobacco. Customs Duty on Timber. Queen Anne's Bounty. Duties of Excise upon Glass. Sugar Duties. Frivolous Suits. Rated Inhabitants Evidence. Scotch and Irish Paupers Removal. Police Rates in Manchester, Birmingham, and Bolton. Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields. Arms and Gunpowder (Ireland). Bishops and Clergy of Protestant Episcopal Churches in England and in United States.

c. 35. in pt. c. 36. c. 37. c. 39. ss. 1., 3. c. 40. s. 10. c. 42. c. 44. s. 6. c. 45. c. 46. c. 47. Government of Canada. British North American Timber Ships. Mutiny: East India Company's Army and Navy. Turnpike Roads: Meetings of Trustees. Relief of certain Colonies in the West Indies. Poor Law Commission Continuance. Prisons (Ireland). Turnpike Acts (Great Britain) Continuance. Turnpike Acts (Ireland) Continuance. Re-election of Mayors of Boroughs and other Returning Officers.

c. 48. s, 8. Endowment of Churches and Schools on Entailed Estates in Scotland.

c. 50. in pt. Police on Canals and Navigable Rivers,

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 52. c. 53. c. 54. in pt. c. 56. 8s. 1-7. c. 59. s. 5. c. 60. in pt. c. 61. in pt. c. 65. 88. 10., 24. Regency. Gaol of Newgate in Dublin. Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners. East India Shipping. Law of Evidence (Scotland). Church Building Acts Amendment. Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England. High Court of Admiralty of England: Practice and Jurisdiction.

c. 66. in pt. c. 69. c. 70. c. 71. c. 72. s. 6. c. 77. 8. 26. c. 78. 8S. 11., 13. c. 80. c. 83. c. 84. in pt. c. 85. in pt. c. 86. in pt. c. 88. in pt. c. 89. s. 2. c. 91. in pt. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. s. 3. c. 94. c. 95. c. 96. in pt. c. 98. c. 99. c. 100. c. 102. s. 8. c. 103. s. 1. c. 105. in pt. c. 106. c. 108. in pt. c. 109. in pt. High Court of Admiralty of England: Judge. Registrar, &c. Convention: Fisheries on the British and French Coasts. Militia Pay. Militia Ballots Suspension. Solemnization of Marriages. Grammar Schools. Clergy Reserves (Canada). Insolvent Debtors (India). Bills and Notes: Usury Exemption. Powers of Justices within the Metropolitan Police District. Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys. Church Discipline. County and District Constables. Stock in Trade Exemption from Poor Rates. Prevention of Frauds, Linen Manufactures (Ireland). Admission of Non-parochial Registers as Evidence. Ecclesiastical Courts in England. Administration of Justice, Court of Chancery. Austrian Commercial Treaty. Regulation of the Duties of Postage. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. For taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain. For taking an Account of the Population of Ireland. Court Houses (Ireland). Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. Arrest on Mesne Process Abolition, &c. (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. Municipal Corporations (Ireland). Borough Boundaries and Alienation of Corporate Property (Ireland).

c. 110. in pt. c. 111. in pt. Laws relating to Loan Societies. Legal Proceedings by and against Joint Stock Banking Companies.

c. 112. c. 113. in pt 4 & 5 Vict. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. Appropriation. Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Supply. Tithe Compositions (Ireland). Amendment of the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads (Ireland).

c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 14. 88. 2., 3. c. 17. c. 19. c. 20. in pt. Census Acts Amendment. Duty on Rum from the East Indies. Turnpike Acts Continuance (Great Britain). Contracts by certain Banking and other Copartnerships. Arrest by Subpoena, Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. Collection and Management of the Duties of Excise.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 21. c. 22. in pt. c. 23. c. 24. c. 28. c. 29. c. 30. ss. 18., 19. c. 31. Conveyance of Estates by Lease and Release. Liability of Peers to Punishment in Cases of Felony. Militia Ballots Suspension. Entails (Scotland). Frivolous Actions. Sugar Duties. Ordnance Survey of Great Britain. Surrender of Premises formerly used for Court Houses (Ireland).

c. 35. in pt c. 37. c. 38. in pt. c. 39. in pt. c. 41. c. 43. c. 44. c. 45. ss. 9., 16., 17. c. 49. s. 5. c. 50. c. 52. c. 53. c. 54. c. 55. c. 56. in pt. c. 58. c. 59. in pt. c. 61. 5 Vict. c. 5. in pt. c. 6. s. 6. c. 7. c. 9. Copyhold Enfranchisement. Arrears of Compositions for Tithes Recovery (Ireland). Conveyance and Endowment of Sites for Schools. Ecclesiastical Commission Acts Amendment. Houses of Industry and Workhouses Incumbrances (Ireland). Western Australia Government. New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land Government. Laws relating to Sewers Amendment. County Bridges. Returns by Banks of Amount of Notes in Circulation. Court of Chancery. Appropriation. Exemption of certain Bills and Notes from Usury Laws. Loan Societies. Punishment of Death Abolition in certain Cases. Trial of controverted Elections. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. Militia Pay. Administration of Justice: Abolition of Equity Exchequer. Foreigners Consecration to Office of Bishop. Expiring Laws Continuance. Payment of Persons employed in taking Account of the Population.

c. 10. c. 11. 6 Vict. c. 1. c. 3. c. 4. (except s. 1.) c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. 8. 2. c. 8. c. 9. in pt. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13.. c. 14. in pt. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. c. 21. c. 22. in pt. Poor Law Commission Continuance. Appropriation. Appropriation Acts Amendment. Confirmation of Act of Legislature of Van Diemen's Land. Bishoprics and Archdeaconries in the West Indies. Loan Societies. Gaol of Newgate in Dublin. Regulation of certain Apprentices. Supply. Loans for Public Works and Fisheries. Forged Exchequer Bills. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Amendment of the Laws for the Importation of Corn. Spirit Duties (Ireland). Allowances of Excise Duty on Soap. North American Timber Ships. Exchequer Bills. Consolidating the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and Marshalsea Prisons.

c. 23. c. 24. in pt. c. 25. c. 26. ss. 3., 15. c. 27. a. 17. Turnpike Acts (Ireland) Continuance. Dublin Police. Excise Duties: Compounds. Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence. Leases by Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Benefi02S.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

6 Vict. c. 28. ss. 3., 22. £3. c. 29. in pt. c, 30. in pt. c. 31. c, 32. in pt. c. 34. c. 35. in pt. C.-37. ss. 1., 2. c. 38. in pt. c. 39. s. 9. c. 43. c. 44. s. 4. c. 45. ss. 1., 30. c. 46. ss. 1., 2., 6. c. 50. c. 52. c. 54. in pt. c. 55. ss. 1., 3., 23. c. 57. in pt c. 58. c. 60. c. 63. c. 68. in pt. c. 70. c. 72. c. 73. c. 74. in pt. c. 77. c. 79. in pt. c. 80. ss. 1., 3. c. 81. in pt c. 82. ss. 42-44. c. 84. c. 85. Punishment of Death (Ireland). Pentonville Prison. Use of Roasted Malt in colouring Beer. Indemnity of Witnesses, Harwich, &c. Election Petitions. Fines and Recoveries in Wales and Cheshire. Sugar Duties. Income and Property Tax. Land and Assessed Taxes. Jurisdiction of Justices in General and Quarter Sessions, Advances to Agents intrusted with Goods. Jurisdiction of Justices in General and Quarter Sessions. Transfer of Licences and Regulation of Public Houses. Law of Copyright. Municipal Corporations (Ireland). Stock in Trade Exemption from Poor Rate. Indemnity to Witnesses, Sudbury Election. Commutation of Tithes. Regulation of Railways and Conveyance of Troops. Poor Law Commission Continuance, &c. Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions Provisions Continuance. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Fisheries on the British and French Coasts. Linen, Hempen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland). Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital. Militia Ballots Suspension. Trial of Controverted Elections. Right of Voting in the University of Dublin. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland). Stamp Duties. Assessed Taxes, and Income Tax on Foreign Stocks. Game Certificates (Ireland). Stamp Duties Assimilation. Commissions De lunatico inquirendo. Legal Proceedings by and against Joint Stock Banking Companies.

c. 86. in pt. Abolition of Offices on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, &c.

c. 88. c. 89. in pt. c. 90. c. 92. c. 93. in pt. c. 94. in pt. c. 95. in pt c. 97. s. 6. c. 98. in pt c. 100. in pt. c. 103. in pt. # Western Australia Government. Drainage of Lands (Ireland). Militia Pay. Bonded Corn. Discontinuance of the Excise Survey on Tobacco. Services of the Ordnance Department. Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, &c. Double Costs, Notices of Action, &c. Prisons I*aw Amendment. Copyright of Designs. Abolition of Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England.

c. 104. in pt. Municipal Corporations in England and Wales and in Ireland.

c. 105. in pt. c. 106. 8. 1. in pt. c. 108. in pt. c. 109. in pt. c. 111 .: c. 112. Embankment, &c. Rivers (Ireland). Irish Fisheries. Powers of Ecclesiastical Corporations to grant Leases. Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables. Incorporation of certain Boroughs. Saint Asaph and Bangor Preferments.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended —

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

6 Vict. c. 113, ss. 3., 4. c. 115. c. 117. c. 118. c. 120. in pt. c. 121. c. 123. in pt. 6 & 7 Vict. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. C. 7. 88. 1., 6. c. 8. ss. 2., 3. Confirmation of certain Marriages (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. Police of Manchester, Birmingham, and Bolton. Canada Loan. Government of Newfoundland. Appropriation. Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland). Indemnity to Holders of certain forged Exchequer Bills. Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster, &c. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Supply. Transported Convicts: Pardons and Tickets of Leave. Empowering Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act in certain Cases relating to Poor Rates.

c. 11. c. 12. s. 5. c. 13. s. 3. Indemnity to Witnesses, Sudbury Election. Coroners Inquests. Settlements on the Coast of Africa and in the Falkland Islands.

c. 17. c. 18. in pt. c. 20. in pt. c. 21. c. 22. s. 2. Exchequer Bills. Registration of Parliamentary Electors, &c. Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, &c. Turnpike Acts (Ireland) Continuance. Admission of unsworn Testimony in Civil and Criminal Proceedings in the Colonies.

c. 24. ss. 1-3., 9. c. 26. 83. 1., 30. c. 27. c. 30. s. 2. in pt. c. 32. in pt. c. 34. in pt. c. 35. c. 37. s. 27. c. 38. in pt. c. 39. s. 2. c. 40. in pt. c. 41. c. 42. s. 3. c. 43. c. 44 (except ss. 14., 15). c. 45. c. 47. c. 48. c. 49. c. 54. s. 5. c. 55. c. 59. c. 60. Assessed Taxes, Land and Income Tax. Millbank Prison. Sugar Duties. Pound-breach and Rescue. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland). Apprehension of Offenders. Government of Norfolk Island. Spiritual Care of populous Parishes. Appeals: Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Confirmation of certain Marriages in Ireland. Woollen, &c. Manufactures. Loan Societies Act Amendment. Bridges (Ireland). Militia Ballots Suspension. Public Works (Ireland). Exemption of Bills and Notes from the Usury Laws. Controverted Elections. Stock in Trade Exemption from Poor Rates. Duty on Spirits (Ireland). Limitation of Actions Act Amendment. Equity Side of Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Temporary Provisions Continuance.

c. 63. Antigua, Saint Kitts, Nevis, Dominica, and Montserrat Relief.

c. 65. in pt. c. 68. in pt. c. 69. c. 70. c. 71. Copyright of Designs. Regulation of Theatres. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Militia Pay. Grand Jury Presentments in Counties, &c. (Ireland).

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. in pt. Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors practising in England and Wales.

c. 74. c. 77. in pt. c. 78. c. 80. ss. 2., 5., 7. c. 83. s. 4. c. 85. in pt. c. 86. in pt. Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition (Ireland). Cathedral Churches of Wales. Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Government of British Subjects resorting to China. Duties of Coroners. Law of Evidence. Regulation of Hackney and Stage Carriages in and near London.

c. 87. c. 89. in pt. Relief to certain Islands in the West Indies. Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and

c. 90. s. 7. in pt. c. 91. in pt. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. in pt. c. 94. ss. 8., 9. c. 96. s. 10. in pt. c. 97. c. 98. s. 7* p UQ 7 & 8 Vict. c. 2.8. 5. c. 3. c. 6. c. 7. c. 9. c. 11. c. 12. 88. 1., 21. c. 14. c. 15. in pt. c. 17. in pt. c. 19. s. 10. c. 22. ss. 1., 18., 19. c. 23. c. 24. ss. 2., 3., 5. Public Notaries. Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland). Relief of the destitute Poor (Ireland). Regulation of Municipal Corporations (Ireland). Jurisdiction of the Crown in Foreign Countries. Defamatory Words and Libel. Sudbury Bribery Commission. Suppression of the Slave Trade. Appropriation. Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas. Actions for Gaming Discontinuance. Supply.* Indemnity to Witnesses: Gaming Transactions. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. International Copyright. Exchequer Bills. Factories. West Indies Relief. Bailiffs of Inferior Courts. Marking of Gold and Silver Wares in England. Prevention and Punishment of Assaults in Ireland. Abolishing the Offences of forestalling, regrating, and engrossing, &c.

c. 25. in pt. c. 27. s. 1. c. 29. s. 2. c. 32. in pt. c. 33. in pt. c. 35. c. 36. c. 37. s. 6. c. 38. in pt. c. 40. c. 41. c. 44. in pt. c. 45. 8. 3. c. 46. in pt. c. 47. ss. 1., 6. ' c. 48. c. 49. ss. 1., 7., 11. c. 51. c. 52. se. 2., 5. Duties of Excise on Vinegar and Glass. Limitation of Actions Act Amendment (Ireland). Night Poaching Prevention. Issue of Bank Notes, and Bank of England Charter. County Rates and High Constables. Militia Ballots Suspension. Turnpike Acts (Ireland) Continuance. Parliamentary Grant: Education of the Poor. Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland). Stock in Trade Exemption from Poor Rates. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Division of Parishes (Scotland). Dissenters Meeting Houses, &c. Compositions for Assessed Taxes, &c. Linen, Hempen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland). Regulating the Trade in Butter and Cheese. Regulation of Colonial Posts. Allowances of Excise Duty on Soap used in Manufactures. Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 96. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 53. c. 54. c. 55. in pt. c. 57. c. 58. c. 60. s. 4. c. 61. in pt. c. 63. c. 67. s. 4. c. 68. in pt. c. 69. in pt. c. 71. in pt. c./5. c. 77. in pt. c. 78. c. 81. in pt. c. 82. c. 85. in pt. c. 86. (except s. 4.) c. 87. 8. 8. in pt. c. 89. in pt. c. 90. in pt. c. 91. in pt. c. 92. ss. 1., 23., 31. c. 94. s. 12. c. 96. in pt. c. 97. ss. 1., 13., 23. c. 100. c. 101. in pt. c. 102. c. 104. c. 106. in pt. c. 107. in pt. c. 108. s. 9. c. 109. Disfranchisement of the Borough of Sudbury. Loan Societies. Copyholds Enfranchisement." Western Australia Government. Actions for Gaming Discontinuance. Care and Preservation of Trafalgar Square. Detached Parts of Counties. Party Processions (Ireland). Collection of the Post-Horse Duty in Ireland. Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions Temporary Provisions Continuance. Privy Council Appellate Jurisdiction. Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. Militia Pay. Clerk of the Crown in Chancery. Unlawful Oaths (Ireland). Marriages (Ireland). Sale of Spirits (Ireland). Construction of Railways. Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors. Regulating Places kept for slaughtering Horses. Audit of Accounts of Commissioners of Woods, &c. Bankrupts, and Limitation of Actions (Ireland), Turnpike Trusts (South Wales). Office of County Coroner. Spiritual Care of populous Parishes. Law of Insolvency, Bankruptcy, and Execution. Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland. Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition (Ireland). Laws relating to the Poor in England. Repeal of Penal Enactments against Roman Catholics. Appropriation. Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin. Offices attached to the Superior Courts of Law (Ireland). Irish Fisheries. Art Unions Indemnity.

f 3

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

37 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply the sum of one million four hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

[28th March 1874.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Jjords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the sum of one million four hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums

Issue of 1, 422, 797/.

14*. 6d. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of foe years ending 31st March 1873 and 1874.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

Issue of 7,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fond for the service of he year ending 81st March .875.

Power to Treasury to borrow from time to time.

Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (<£1, 422, 797 14$. 6&). 37 Vict.

not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million four hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

[30th March 1874.]

_____Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1 The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards ipaking good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, the sum of seven million pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven million pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not

1874. Consolidated Fund (£7,000,000.) Ch, 2, 8. 8

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the oredit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

[30th March 1874u]

WHEREAS the exigencies of the public service in India require that the Secretary of State in Council of India should be enabled to raise money in the United Kingdom on the credit of the revenues of India:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council Power to the

of India, at any time or times before the thirtieth day of g^7 of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, or, if Council of Parliament be then sitting, before the end of the then session India to raise of Parliament, to raise in the United Kingdom, for the service not of the Government of India, any sum or sums of money not io%*), oo<y. exceeding in the whole ten millions of pounds sterling, and

such sum or sums may be raised by the creation and issue of bonds or debentures, or capital stock bearing (interest, or annuities, or partly by one of such modes and partly by another or others.

2. All bonds issued under the authority of this Act may be Bonds may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council of j^hwiS^of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for two members of India, or one of his under secretaries, or his assistant under the Council, and secretary, and shall be for such respective amounts, payable

after such notice, and at such rate or rates of interest as the gtate. said Secretary of State in Council may think fit.

3. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act Debentures may be issued under the hands of two members of the W8U Council, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective amounts, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and shall be issued at

4

East India

As to payment of principal and interest on debentures.

Debentures transferable by delivery.

Coupons by delivery.

Capital stock and annuities may be created and issued.

Transfer books of such capital stock and annuities to be kept.

CH, 3«

37 Vict.

or for such prices and on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council.

4. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act shall be paid off at par at a time or times to be mentioned in such debentures respectively; and the interest on all Such debentures shall be paid half-yearly on such days as shall be mentioned therein; and the principal moneys and interest secured by such debentures shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England.

5. All or any number of the debentures issued under the authority of this Act, and all right to and in respect of the principal and interest moneys secured thereby, shall be transferable by the delivery of such debentures; and the coupons for interest annexed to any debenture issued under the authority of this Act shall also pass by delivery.

6. Any capital stock created under the authority of this Act shall bear such a rate of interest, and any annuities to be created under the authority of this Act shall be at such rate per centum per annum, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit; and such capital stock and such annuities may be issued on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council; and any such capital stock may bear interest during such period, and be paid off at par at? such time, as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the issue of such capital stock; and such annuities may be terminable at such period as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the issue of such annuities.

7. In case of the creation and issue of any such capital stock or of any such annuities, there shall be kept, either at the office of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England, books wherein entries shall be made of the said capital stock and annuities respectively, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same respectively, or any part thereof respectively, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the person or persons to whom such transfer or transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and no other mode of assigning or transferring the said capital stock or the said annuities, or any part thereof respectively, or any interest therein respectively, shall be good and available in law, and no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers or any of them.

1874.

East India Loan.

Oh* 3 *

I

8. All annuities created and issued under the authority of Annuities this Act shall be deemed and taken to be personsd and not

real estate, and shall go to the executors or administrators of the person or persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein, or entitled thereto, and not to the heir-at-law, nor be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise.

9. The whole amount of the principal moneys to be charged The whole

on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed ten orevenuea^ millions; and no money shall be raised or secured under the India not to authority of this Act after the said thirtieth day of April one exceed thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, or, if Parliament 10, 00°'000*' be then sitting, after the end of the then session of Parliament, save for or upon the repayment of principal moneys previously secured under this Act as herein-after provided.

10. Upon or for the repayment of any principal money Power to raise secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of ofprin^7 State in Council may at any time borrow or raise, by all or Sipai money! any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to

time as all or any part of any principal money under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount to be charged upon the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal money required to be repaid.

1L All bonds and debentures to be issued under this Act, Securities, &c. and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all capital stock to be issued under this Act, and the interest indfe, thereon, and all annuities to be issued under this Act, shall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India, in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the government of the said territories.

12. The provisions contained in section four of the Act Provisions as to of the session holden in the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, with respect to the India bondTex-composition and agreement for the payment by the East tended to bonds India Company of an annual sum in lieu of stamp duties on "^tta Act their bonds, and the exemption of their bonds from stamp duties, shall be applicable with respect to the bonds and debentures to be issued under the authority of this Act, as if such provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

13. All provisions now in force in anywise relating to the Forgery of offence of forging or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing

of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, M forgery of any East India bond, with intent to defraud, shall extend and Fast India be applicable to and in respect of any debenture issued under bond8, the authority of this Act, as well as to and in respect of any bond issued under the same authority.

Ch. 3.

East India Loan,

37 Vict.

Returns to 14. Provided always, that, at the end of each of the half-

E/RS* years ending on the thirty-first day of March and the thirtieth moneys raised day of September in every year, the Secretary of State in on loan, and Council shall prepare or cause' to be prepared a return of P«1i£ument° l°ans raised in England under the provisions of this Act or of any other Acts, chargeable on the revenues of India, outstanding at the commencement of each half-year, with the rates of interest payable thereon, and the date of the termination of each loan, the debt incurred during the half-year, the moneys raised thereby during the half-year, the loans paid off or discharged during the half-year, and the loans outstanding at the close of the half-year, stating, so far as the public convenience will allow, the purpose or service for which moneys have been raised during the half-year; and that a similar return shall also be prepared of all loans raised in India; that such returns shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament within fifteen days after the expiration of the said half-yearly periods as regards the loans raised in England, and within three months as regards the loans raised in India, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not sitting, then within one week after Parliament shall be next assembled.

Accounts of nil loans and liabilities to be included in account annually laid before Parliament *

15. The Secretary of State in Council shall include in the account to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, pursuant to the fifty-third section of the Act of the twenty-first and twenty-second Victoria, chapter one hundred and six, within the first fourteen days during which Parliament may be sitting next after the first day of May in every year, accounts of all stocks, loans, debts, and liabilities chargeable on the revenues of India, at home and abroad, at the commencement and close of the year to which such account shall relate, the loans, debts, and liabilities raised or incurred within that year and the amounts paid off or discharged during that year; and the provisions of the Acts of the twenty-first Victoria, chapter three, twenty-second Victoria, chapter eleven, twenty- second and twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-nine, twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirty, twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth Victoria, chapters twenty-five and one hundred and eighteen, thirty-second and thirty-third Victoria, chapter one hundred and six, and thirty-sixth Victoria, chapter thirty-two, so far as regards the preparation and presentation to Parliament annually of a return of all moneys raised on loan under the provisions of those Acts, and a return of all stocks, lo $ns, debts, and liabilities chargeable on the revenues of India, at home and abroad, are hereby repealed

Saving powers 16. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of of the Secretary r&iging or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of Connd?.m State in Council at the time of passing thereof

1874.

East India Loam.

Ch. 3, 4.

7

17. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed Stock created

to be East India stock, within the Act twenty-second and *

twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-five, section thirty-two, in^ia stock, unless and until Parliament shall otherwise provide; and any

capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be and shall mean India stock within the Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Victoria, chapter seventy-three, anything in the said last-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

18. The provisions contained in the third section of the Sect, s, &c.of Act of the thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria* chapter 33g% ninety-three, and all other enactments in the said Act re- to capital stock lating to or affecting such provisions, shall be extended and created under be applicable to any capital stock created under this Act, or this Act* any previous Acts, and chargeable upon the revenues of India *

CHAPTER 4.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th April 1874.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in

time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is

against law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom,

and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown,

and that the whole number of such forces should consist of Number of men

one hundred and twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and to consist of

ninety-four men, including those to be employed at the dep&ts eluding those

in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the employed at

training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclu- .

sive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's but ng"

Indian possessions: And whereas no man can be forejudged exclusive of

of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind ofthos?

i 9 scrvMfl? in

punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other India/

manner than by judgment of his peers, and according to the

known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless

it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned

forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and

that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall

desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of crimes and offences

to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be

brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than

the usual forms of the law will allow:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

8

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vice.

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and copies printed by the Queen's printer to be transmitted to judges, &c.

Persons subject to this Act.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better government of Her Majesty's army, which articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and in all courts whatsoever; and copies of the same, printed by the Queen's printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to the judges of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the governors of Her Majesty's dominions abroad: Provided that no person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable 'to such punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which shall not accord with the provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the authority of the Government of India, respecting officers or soldiers or followers in Her Majesty's Indian army, being natives of India; and on the trial of all offences committed by any such native officer or soldier or follower, reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such native officers, soldiers, or followers, and to the established usages of the servica

2. All the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as an officer, or who are or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer or soldier, and to all warrant officers, and to all persons employed on the recruiting service receiving pay, and all pensioners receiving allowances in respect of such service, and to persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the royal artillery, royal engineers, and to master gunners, and to conductors of stores, and to the corps of royal military surveyors and draftsmen, and to all officers and persons who are or shall be serving in the Control Department, and to officers and soldiers serving in the army hospital corps, or the army service corps, and to persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any part of Her Majesty's army at home or abroad, under the command of any commissioned officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the provisions of an Act passed in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and ten) to

Mutiny.

Cm 4.

9

any out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on duty in aid of the civil power, or for muster or inspection, or who having volunteered their services for that purpose shall be kept on duty in any fort, town, or garrison, and to all civil officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's establishments in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, or at foreign stations; and all the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as officers, or who shall be listed or in pay as non-commissioned officers or soldiers, or who are or shall be serving or hired to be employed in the artillery or any of the trains of artillery, or as master gunners or gunners, or as conductors of stores, or who are or shall be serving in the department of engineers, or in the corps of sappers and miners, or pioneers, or as military surveyors or draftsmen, or in the ordnance or public works or commissariat departments, and to all storekeepers and other civil officers employed under the ordnance, and to all veterinary surgeons, medical storekeepers, apothecaries, hospital stewards, and others serving in the medical department of the said forces, and to all licensed sutlers, and all followers in or of any of the said forces; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any security which has been or shall be given by any officers, or their sureties, for the due performance of their respective offices, but that all such securities shall be and remain in full force and effect:

And this Act shall apply to all persons receiving pay as members of the permanent staff of any militia regiment, and to all persons being enrolled in the militia who are attached for purposes of instruction, or otherwise, to a regiment or body of troops of the regular forces, and to all militia recruits during the period of their recruit training, when the militia battalions to which they belong are not for the time being out for training and exercise, and to all men enrolled in the reserve force when called out for training or exercise, or when kept on duty having volunteered their services, or when called out in aid of the civil power, or when called out on permanent service under Her Majesty's Proclamation: And all such persons shall, during such periods, and in respect of offences committed during such periods, be deemed to be part of the regular forces for the purposes of this Act in respect of billeting, discipline, trial, and punishment.

3. This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, as to the provisions herein contained for enlisting of recruits, whether minors or of full age, and swearing and attesting such recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &C

10

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Colonial and foreign troops in Her Majesty's pay to be subject to provisions of this Act.

Provision as to the militia or yeomanry or volunteer corps or reserve forces.

Power to constitute courts-martial.

provisions for the trial and punishment of officers and soldierB who shall be charged with mutiny and desertion, or any other of the offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a court-martial, and also as to the provisions which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, medals for good conduct or for distinguished or other service, clothes, military furniture, or regimental necessaries from any soldier or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of any such clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the escape of a prisoner from a military prison, or who shall introduce forbidden articles into such prison, or shall carry out any such articles, or who shall assault any officer of such prison, and also as to the provisions for exempting soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any parish any wife or child or children, or on account of any breach of contract to serve or work for any employer, or on account of any debts under thirty pounds in the said islands.

4. All officers and soldiers of any troops mustered and in pay which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's dominions abroad, or in places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's subjects under the command of any officer having any commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War in like manner as Her Majesty's other forces are; and if such officers and soldiers, having been made prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the provisions of this Act in regard to billeting soldiers shall apply to such officers and soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any militia forces or yeomanry or volunteer corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or to the reserve force provided for by "The Reserve Force Act, 1867," or to the reserve force provided for by " The Militia Reserve Act, 1867," excepting as stated in the second section of this Act, and as herein-after enacted, or where by any Act for regulating any of the said forces or corps the provisions contained in any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such forces or corps.

6. For the purpose of bringing offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to justice, Her Majesty may from time to time, in like manner as has been heretofore used, grant commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant commissions or warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the chief governor or governors of Ireland, the commander of the forces.

1874

Mutiny.

Ch. 4

11

or the person or persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the time being, any body of troops belonging to Her Majesty's army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's garrisons and dominions or elsewhere beyond seas, for convening courts-martial, and for authorising any officer under their respective commands to convene courts-martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under the command of any such last-mentioned officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon him such command: Provided that the officer so authorised be not below the degree of a field officer, except in detached situations heyond seas where a field officer is not in command, in which case a captain may be authorised to convene district or garrison courts-martial: Every officer so authorised to convene courts-martial may confirm the sentence of any court-martial convened by him according to the terms of his warrant.

7. Any person subject to this Act who shall, in any part Place where of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the ?fen^i offences for which he may be liable to be tried by court-

martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or in any other place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the commission of the offence, as if the offence had been committed where such trial shall take place.

8. Every general court-martial convened within the United Powers of Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than nine courts-commissioned officers, each of whom shall have held a commission for three years before the date of the assembly of the

court. Every general court-martial shall have power to sentence any officer or soldier to suffer death, penal servitude, imprisonment, forfeiture of pay or pension, or any other punishment which shall accord with the usage of the service:

No sentence of death by a court-martial shall pass unless two thirds at least of the officers present shall concur therein; no sentence of penal servitude shall be for a period of less than five years; and no sentence of imprisonment shall be for a period longer than two years.

9. Every district or garrison court-martial convened within Powers of dis-the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not OT S* less than seven commissioned officers, and shall have the same ^r^rts" power as a general court-martial to sentence any soldier to

such punishments as shall accord with the provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such district or garrison court-martial shall have power to try a commissioned officer, or to pass any sentence of death or penal servitude.

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Powers of 10. A regimental or detachment court-martial shall consist

dmchment °F not less than five commissioned officers, unless it is found

courts-martial. impracticable to assemble that number, in which case three shall be sufficient, and shall have power to sentence any soldier to corporal punishment, or to imprisonment, and to forfeiture of pay, in such manner as shall accord with the provisions of this Act.

Courts-martial 1L In cases of mutiny, and insubordination accompanied march or in Persona^ violence, or other offences committed on the

troop ships, &c. line of march, or on board any transport ship, convict ship, merchant vessel, or troop ship, not in commission, the offender may be tried by a regimental or detachment court-martial, and the sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the spot by the officer in the immediate command of the troops, provided that the sentence shall not exceed that which a regimental court-martial is competent to award.

Powers of 12. It shall be lawful for any officer commanding any

ce^r^courts- detachment or portion of troops serving in any place beyond martial. seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a general court-martial, upon complaint made to him of any offence committed against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in any country in which such troops are so serving by any person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's armies, being under the immediate command of any such officer, to convene a detachment general court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three commissioned officers, for the purpose of trying any such person; and every such court-martial shall have the same powers in regard to sentence upon offenders as are granted by this Act to general courts-martial: Provided always, that no sentence of any such court-martial shall be executed until the general commanding the army of which such detachment or portion forms part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

As to swearing 13. All general and other courts-martial shall administer

andsummoiiiDg an oath to every witness or other person who shall be examined o witnesses, such court in any matter relating to any proceeding

before the same; and every person, as well civil as military, who may be required to give or produce evidence before a court-martial, shall, in the case of general courts-martial, be summoned by the judge advocate general, or his deputy, or the person officiating as judge advocate, and in the case of all other courts-martial by the president of the court; and all persons so summoned and attending as witnesses before any court-martial shall, during their necessary attendance in or on such courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the court out of which the writ or process issued by which such witness was arrested, or if such court be not

1874. Mutiny. Ch. 4. 13

sitting, then by any judge of the superior courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such court or judge, by any affidavit in a summary way, that such witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such court-martial; and all witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give evidence, or not produce the documents under their power or control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such questions as the court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session or sheriff or stewart courts in Scotland, or in courts of law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, garrisons, or dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon complaint made, in like manner as if such witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a trial in any proceeding in the court in which such complaint shall be made: It shall be lawful for the pre- Oath to be sident of any court-martial to administer an oath to a short- to

hand writer to take down, according to the best of his power, writer, the evidence to be given before the court.

14. No officer or soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted No second trial of any offence shall be liable to be tried a second time by the same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and revision may no finding, opinion, or sentence given by any court-martial, be allowed, tod signed by the president thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional evidence in respect of any charge on which the prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the court on any revision.

15. If any person subject to this Act shall at any time Crimes during the continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition in any forces belonging to Her Majesty's army, or Her Majesty's royal marines, or shall not

use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or shall conspire with any other person to cause a mutiny, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny or intended mutiny shall not,

.without delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall hold correspondence with or give advice or intelligence to any rebel or enemy of Her Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, or tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any terms with such rebel or enemy without Her Majesty's license, or license of the general or chief commander; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall [Wo. 2. Price 2d.] B

Ch. '4.

Mutiny.

37 Vic*.

Judgment of death may be commuted for penal servitude or other punishments.

compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post to deliver up to the enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak words or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or others, to misbehaye before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's service; or shall leave his post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any violence against his superior officer, being ip. the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; or who being confined in a military prison shall offer any violence against a visitor or other his superior military officer, being in the execution of his office; all and every person and persons so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such offence be committed within this realm or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land or upon the sea, shall suffer death, or penal servitude, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be awarded; Provided always, that any non-commissioned officer or soldier attested for or in pay in any regiment or corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in Her Majesty's army, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

16. In all cases where the punishment of death shall have been awarded by a general court-martial or detachment general court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the commanding officer having authority to confirm the sentence, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order the offender to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such term of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or'without solitary confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

Embezzlement, 17. Any officer or soldier of Her Majesty's army, or any person employed in the War Department, or in any way penal ser^tude, concerned in the care or distribution of any money, provision^ or by fine, im- forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other stores belonging prisonment, &c. jjer Majesty's army or for Her Majesty's use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a general court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such punishment of fine, imprisonment with or without hard labour, dismissal from Her Majesty's service, reduction

1874

Mutiny.

Ca. 4

to the ranks if a warrant or non-commissioned officer, as such court shall think fit, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and every such offender shall, in addition to any other punishment, make good at his own expense the loss and damage sustained, and in every such case the court is required to ascertain by evidence the amount of such loss or damage, and to declare by their sentence that such amount shall be made good by such offender; and the loss and damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any court in Her Majesty's colonies, or in India, where the person sentenced by such court-martial shall be resident, after the said judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the offender, if he shall remain in the service, may be put under stoppages not exceeding one half of his pay and allowances until the amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

18* Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any sentence As to execu-of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any *on offender by any court-martial shall be carried into execution in

for the term specified in such sentence or for any shorter term, the United or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to penal Kingdom, servitude any sentence of death passed by any such court, the sentence, together with Her Majesty's pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in writing by the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's army in Great Britain and Ireland, or by the adjutant general, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such judge shall make an order for the penal servitude of such offender in conformity with such notification, and shall do all such other acts consequent upon such notification as such judge is authorised to do by any Act in force touching the penal servitude of other offenders; and it shall be lawful for any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an order that any such offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in penal servitude in England; and such order shall Jbe in all respects as effectual in England as though such offender had been convicted in England and the order had been made by any judge of the Queen's Bench,

Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the person in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, and all other persons whatsoever whom the said order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same punishment for disobedience to or for interrupting the execution of such order as if the order had been made under the authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every person so ordered to be kept in penal servitude shall be subject to every provision made by

Ch. 4

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

16

law and in force concerning persons under sentence of penal servitude; and from the time when such order of penal servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the escape of felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without leave, shall apply to such offender, and to all persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any escape or intended escape or returning without leave of any such offender; and the judge who shall make any order of penal servitude as aforesaid shall direct the notification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and his own order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of record in the office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said clerk shall have a fee of two shillings and sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on application, deliver a certificate in writing (not taking more than two shillings and sixpence for the same) to such offender or to any person applying in his or Her Majesty's behalf, showing the Christian and surname of such offender, his offence, the place where the court was held before which he was convicted, and the conditions on which the order of penal servitude was made; which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and sentence of such offender, and also of the terms on which such order for his penal servitude was made, in any court and in any proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

As to execution of sentences of penal servitude in the colonies, India, or elsewhere out of Her Majesty's dominions.

10. Whenever any sentence of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial holden in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, or elsewhere beyond the seas, is to be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence or for any shorter term, or when sentence of death passed by any such court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to penal servitude, the same shall be notified by the officer commanding Her Majesty's forces at the presidency or station where the offender may come or be, or in his absence by the adjutant general for the time being, if in India to the chief judge or any judge of the chief civil court of the presidency or province where the offender may come or be, and if in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions to the chief justice or some other judge therein, and such judge shall make order for the intermediate custody and penal servitude of such offender; and the offender shall, until handed over in pursuance of any such order to the civil authorities, be detained in military custody, and may be moved in such custody from place to place as circumstances may require; and upon any such order being made it shall be duly notified to the governor of the presidency if in India, or to the governor of the colony if in any of Her Majesty's colonies, or to the person who shall for the time being be exercising the office of governor of such presidency or colony, who, on receipt of such notification, shall cause such offender to be removed

1374

Mutiny.

Ch. 4?.

17

or sent to some other colony or place, or to undergo his sentence within the presidency or colony where the offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the directions for the removal and treatment of convicts which shall from time to time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of her Principal Secretaries of State to such presidency or colony; and such offender shall according to such directions undergo the sentence of penal servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the presidency or colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under such sentence, in the same manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in such presidency or colony, or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively; and elsewhere out of Her Majesty's dominions the officer commanding shall have power to make an order in writing for the penal servitude or intermediate custody of such offender; and such offender shall be liable by virtue of such order to be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under the sentence of the court, in the same manner as if he had been* sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in the place where he may be ordered to be kept in such intermediate custody, or in the place to which he may be removed for the purpose of undergoing his sentence of penal servitude. If any prisoner shall be brought to any place in the United Kingdom there to undergo any sentence of penal servitude which has been passed upon him by a court-martial held elsewhere, and the judge's or officer's order herein-before prescribed for his penal servitude and intermediate custody shall not be forthcoming, and the judge advocate general, upon application for that purpose, shall certify that it appears from the original proceedings of the court-martial whereby the prisoner was tried that he has been duly sentenced to penal servitude, and that for anything that appears to the contrary thereon such sentence is still in force against the said prisoner for the period to be stated in such certificate, then it shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon consideration of such certificate, to direct, in writing under his hand, that the said prisoner shall be at once removed to a convict prison, and be imprisoned and kept to hard labour according to the sentence stated in such certificate, and thereupon the prisoner shall be removed to such convict prison, and shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, and be otherwise dealt with during the term of his sentence, as if ho had been sen-

18

Ch. &

87 Vice

tenced to a like term of penal servitude by a competent court in the United Kingdom.

A sentence of 20. In any case where a sentence of penal servitude shall penal servitude have been awarded by a general or detachment general court-muted for°im- martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place prisonment, &c. out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the offender be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, for such term not exceeding two years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the officers commanding as aforesaid.

Of forfeitures, 21. Where an award of any forfeiture, or of deprivation of pay or of stoppages of pay, shall have been added to any vitude? 86 " sentence of penal servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, in the event of the sentence being commuted for imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

Courts-martial 22. No court-martial shall, for any offence whatever com-tence^cor- J^ted under this Act during the time of peace within the poral punish- Queen's dominions, have power to sentence any soldier to mentintime corporal punishment; provided that any court-martial may of peace. sentence any soldier to corporal punishment while on active service in the field, or on board any ship not in commission," for mutiny, insubordination, desertion, drunkenness on duty or on the line of march, disgraceful conduct, or any breach of the Articles of War; and no sentence of corporal punishment shall exceed fifty lashes.

Power to in- 23. It shall be lawful for any general, district, or garrison ^nLlun^tand courtJ'martiaI> addition to any sentence of corporal punish-imprisonment ment, to award imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, such confinement not exceeding the periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

Power to com- 24. In all cases in which corporal punishment shall form mut?lrp<jral the whole or part of the sentence awarded by any court-for imprisoD- martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the general ment, &c. or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, to commute such corporal punishment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding forty-two days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, or to mitigate such sentence, or instead of such sentence to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement and corporal punishment, to be inflicted in the

1874. Mutiny. Ch. 4. 19

prison, not exceeding twenty-five lashes, and the solitary confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no case exceed seven days at a time, with intervals of not less than seven days between each period of such confinement.

25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all cases whatso- Power to com-ever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put in "ute?.SC°tence execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in

addition thereto, to suffer such loss of army or regimental rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

26. A general, garrison, or district court-martial may sen- P<?wer of im-tence any soldier to imprisonment, with or without hard ^e^gairf-labour, and with or without solitary confinement, but such son, or district solitary confinement shall not exceed the periods prescribed by courts-martial, the Articles of War.

27. Any regimental or detachment court-martial may sen- Power of im-tence any soldier to imprisonment, with or without hard reffk^tafor labour, for any period not exceeding forty-two days, and with detachment or without solitary confinement not exceeding the periods courts-martial, prescribed by the Articles of War.

28. Whenever sentence shall be passed by a court-martial As to impraon-on an offender already under sentence either of imprisonment

or of penal servitude, the court may award a sentence of under sentence, imprisonment or penal servitude for the offence for which he is under trial, to commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the terms of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which any of those punishments could be otherwise awarded. Whenever Her Majesty, or any general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, shall commute a sentence of penal servitude or corporal punishment to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence shall be so commuted shall, at the time of such commutation, be under sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or the general or other officer who shall so commute such sentence, to direct that such commuted sentence of imprisonment shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which such prisoner shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the term of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which any of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the a8

War Department, and in India for the Governor General in

Council, to set apart any buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any part or parts thereof, as military prisons* and to declare that any building or any two or more

Ch. 4. Mutiny. 37 Vidjr,

buildings shall be, and thenceforth such building or buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a military prison; and every military prison which, under the provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public prison: within the meaning of this Act; and all and every the powers and authorities with respect to county gaols or houses of correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such military prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department, and in India by the Governor General in Council; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor General in Council, from time to time to make, alter, and repeal rules and regulations for the government and superintendence of any such military prison, and of the governor, provost marshal, officers, and servants thereof, and of the offenders confined therein, which said rules and regulations so made as aforesaid shall remain and continue to be in force until the same are altered or repealed by Her Majesty's said Secretary of State for War, or in India by the Governor General in Council; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor General in Council, from time to time to appoint an inspector general and inspectors of military prisons, and a governor, or provost marshal, and all other necessary officers and servants for any such military prison, and, as occasion may arise, to remove the governor or provost marshal, officer or servant of any such military prison; and the general or other officer commanding any district or station within which may be any such military prison, or such general or other officer, and such other person or persons as the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council, may from time to time appoint, shall be a visitor or visitors of such prison; and the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council, may authorise any general officer commanding to appoint periodically visitors to any military prison within his command; and the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council or the general officer so appointing, shall transmit to the visitor or visitors of every military prison established by his authority a copy of the rules and regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such prison; and every inspector, visitor, and governor of any such military prison shall, subject to such rules and regulations as may from time to time be made by the said Secretary of State, or in India by the Governor General in Council, have and exercise in respect of such prison, and of the governor, officers, and servants thereof, and of the prisoners confined therein, all the powers and authorities, as

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

21

well in respect of administering oaths as otherwise, which any inspector, visiting justice, or governor of a county gaol or house of correction may respectively exercise as such: Provided that every inspector of such military prisons, who is also a director of convict prisons, shall have the same power in such military prisons as he has in convict prisons.

30. Every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison or of any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall receive into his custody any military offender under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the general commanding in chief, or the adjutant general, or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the regiment or corps to which the offender belongs or is attached, which order shall specify the offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and hour of the day on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and whenever troops are called out in aid of the civil power, or are stationed in billets, or are on the line of inarch, every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement, shall receive into his custody any soldier for a period not exceeding seven days, upon delivery to him of an order in writing on that behalf from the officer commanding such troops.

3L In the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than the military prisons set apart by the authority of this Act, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the general commanding in chief, or the adjutant general, or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the district or garrison in which such prisoner may be, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment or penal servitude under

As to the custody of military offenders under sentence of court-martial and in other cases.

As to the removal or discharge of prisoners in certain cases.

37 Vict.

(he sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than such military prison as aforesaid, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the general commanding in chief or the adjutant general of Her Majesty's forces in the case of any such prisoner, and for the Commander-in - Chief in India in the case of any prisoner so confined in any part of Her Majesty's Indian dominions, and for the general commanding in chief in any presidency in India in the case of a prisoner so therein confined, and for the officer commanding in chief or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court at any foreign station in the case of a prisoner so there confined, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of any prisoner who shall be removed by any such order from any such prison, gaol, or house of correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other prison or place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the officer who gave such order shall also give an order in writing directing the governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of such other prison or place to receive such prisoner into his custody, and specifying the offence of which such prisoner shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and the hour on which, he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprison* ment or penal servitude under the sentence of a court-martial in any military prison in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, the Secretary of State for the War Department, or the general officer commanding the district or station in which the prison may be situated, shall have the like powers in regard to the discharge and delivery over of such prisoners to military custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the military authorities above mentioned in respect of any prisoners undergoing confinement as aforesaid in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions; and such prisoner in any of the cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the

1874. Mutiny. Ch. 4. 28

production of any such order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the case may be: Provided always, that the time during which any prisoner under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial shall be detained in such military custody under such order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as imprisonment under the sentence, for whatever purpose such detention shall take place; and such prisoner may during such time, either when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal

32. The gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Provision for of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in subsistence, any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall diet and supply every soldier.imprisoned therein under the sentence of a court-martial or as a deserter with fuel and other necessaries according to the regulations of such place of confinement, and shall receive on account of every soldier, out of the subsistence of such soldier during the period of his imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland, one shilling per diem, and in other parts of Her Majesty's dominions sixpence per diem: In all cases where such soldier is sentenced to be discharged from the army on the completion of his term of imprisonment, the Secretary of State for the War Department may cause to be issued out of army votes, upon application in writing, signed by any justice within whose jurisdiction such place of confinement shall be locally situated, together with a copy of the order of commitment, a further sum not exceeding sixpence per diem, and which said sum of one shilling or of sixpence, and the further sum, if any, as the case may be, shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed. A sentence of imprisonment or of penal servitude passed either by a court-martial or by any court of criminal jurisdiction upon any person subject to this Act, shall be in no respect affected by such person ceasing to be subject to this Act by discharge or otherwise at any time: Provided that for each person so ceasing to be subject to this Act, the Secretary of State for the War Department may cause to be issued out of army votes, upon application in writing, signed by any justice as aforesaid, together with a copy of the order of commitment, a sum not exceeding one shilling and sixpence per diem, which said sum shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed.

In India the expenses incurred under the provisions of this section shall be paid in the same manner as the other expenses of such prison, or as may be provided by the laws or regulations to be made in that behalf.

33. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison gaol, Expiration of house of correction, or other place of confinement, to whom imprisonment

24

of soldiers in common gaols.

Apprehension of deserters in the United Kingdom.

any notice shall have'' been given, or who shall have reason to know or believe, that any person in his custody for any offence, civil or military, is a soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the expiration of his imprisonment, shall forthwith, or as soon as may be, give, if in Great Britain, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the general commanding Her Majesty's forces in Ireland, or if in India to the adjutant general of the army, or to the nearest military authority with whom it may be convenient to communicate, notice of the day and hour on which the imprisonment of such person will expire; and every such gaoler or keeper is hereby required to use his best endeavours to ascertain and report in all cases where practicable the particular regiment or corps, battalion of a regiment or battery of artillery, to which such soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the depot or the head quarters of his regiment; and in the event of his being a recruit who has not joined, that it may be so stated in his report, together with the name of the place where the man enlisted. In all cases where the soldier in custody is under sentence to be discharged from the service on the completion of his term of imprisonment, and the discharge document is in the hands of the gaoler, such gaoler shall not be required to make any report thereof to the Secretary of State for War, or to the military authorities herein-before referred to.

34. Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter it shall be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be immediately met with, then for any officer or soldier in Her Majesty's service, or other person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any justice living in or near the place where he was so apprehended and acting for the county, city, district, place, or borough wherein such place is situate, or for the county adjoining such first-mentioned county or such borough; and such justice is hereby authorised and required to inquire whether such suspected person is a deserter, and from time to time to defer the said inquiry and to remand the said suspected person in the manner prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, section twenty-one, and subject to every provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice by the testimony of one or more witnesses taken upon oath, or by the confession of such suspected person, confirmed by some corroborative evidence upon oath or by the knowledge of such justice, that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil custody to the head quarters of the regiment or depot to which he belongs, or to the nearest military station, or to the nearest or

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

25

most convenient prison, police station, or other place legally-provided, for the temporary confinement of persons in custody, or delivered to a party of soldiers in charge of a non-commissioned officer as to him may seem most expedient, having regard to the safe custody of such deserter; and such justice shall transmit an account of the proceedings to the Secretary of State for the War Department, specifying the manner in which he has so disposed of such deserter, to the end that the person so committed may be proceeded against according to law; and such justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a report stating the names of the persons by whom or by or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to such justice an order for the payment to such persons of such sum not exceeding forty shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true intent and meaning of this Act; and for such information, commitment, and report as aforesaid the clerk of the said justice shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and no more; and every gaoler and other person into whose custody any person charged with desertion is committed shall immediately upon the receipt of the person so charged into his custody pay such fee of two shillings, and shall notify the fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and transmit also to the said Secretary of State a copy of the commitment, to the end that such Secretary of State may order repayment of such fees; and when any such person shall be In Her Ma-apprehended and committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions the justice shall forthwith cause omuuolls* him to be conveyed to some public prison, if the regiment or corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such part, or, if the regiment or corps be in such part, the justice may deliver him into custody at the nearest military post if within reasonable distance, although the regiment to which such person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such military post; and such justice shall in every case transmit to the general or other officer commanding a descriptive return in the form prescribed in the schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such person may be removed by order of such officer, and proceeded against according to law; and such descriptive return purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence of the facts and matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such Transfer of person so committed as a deserter in any part of Her Ma- deserters, jesty's dominions shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by order of the general or other officer commanding to serve in any regiment or corps or depot nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other regiment or corps to which it may C

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

As to the temporary custody of deserters in gaols.

be desirable that be should be transferred, and shall also be Isfdb&afber such transfer of service to be tried and punished as a deserter.

35. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confine-, ment in any part of Her Majesty's dominions is hereby required to receive and confine therein every deserter who shall be delivered into his custody by any soldier or other person conveying such deserter under lawful authority, on production of the warrant of the justice of the peace on which such deserter shall have been taken, or some order from the office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which order shall continue in force until the deserter shall have arrived at his destination; and such gaoler or keeper shall be entitled to one shilling for the safe custody of the said deserter while halted on the march, and to such subsistence for his maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's regulations.

Desertion of

eorpB.

36. Any recruit for Her Majesty's army who, having been attested or received pay other than enlisting money, shall

regiments or desert before joining the regiment or corps for which he has enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such desertion by any justice of the peace upon the testimony of one or more witnesses upon oath, or upon his own confession, forfeit his personal bounty, and be liable to be transferred to any regiment or corps or depot nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other regiment or corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that such deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other punishment for the offence, or to any other penalty except the forfeiture of their personal bounty.

37. Any person who shall confess himself to be a deserter from Her Majesty's forces, or from the embodied militia, shall be liable to be taken before any two justices of the peace acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on proof that any such confession as aforesaid was false shall by the said justices be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a rogue and vagabond, and if elsewhere by commitment to some prison or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and if, when such person shall be brought before the said justices, it shall be proved to their satisfaction that such confession has been made, but evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession shall not at that time be forthcoming, such justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such person

Fraudulent confession of desertion.

1874. Mutiny. Ch. 4. ft

in the maimer herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a statement of the case and descriptive return to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a request to be informed whether such person appears to belong or to have belonged to the regiment or corps mom which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a letter from the War Office in reply thereto, referring to such statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in evidence against such person, and shall be deemed to be legal evidence of the facts stated therein, and on the receipt thereof the said justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the case. In India the authority herein given to two justices may be exercised by one European justice or magistrate.

38. When there shall not be any military officer of rank Furlough in not inferior to captain, or any adjutant of regular militia, CMe within convenient distance of the place where any non-commissioned officer or soldier on furlough shall be detained by sickness or other casualty rendering necessary any extension of such furlough, it shall be lawful for any justice who shall be satisfied of such necessity to grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall by letter immediately certify such extension and the cause thereof to the commanding officer of the corps or detachment to which such non-commissioned officer or soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the agent of the regiment or oorps, in order that the proper sum may be remitted to such non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall not during the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any soldier from trial and punishment, according to the provisions of this Act, for any false representation made by him in that behalf to the said justice, or for any breach of discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said extension of furlough.

39. No person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any crime or offence by the civil magistrate, or by the verdict of a jury, shall be liable to be again convicted for the same crime or offence by a court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the case of a commissioned officer, or in the case of a warrant officer by reduction to an inferior class or to the rank of a private soldier by order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the case of an army schoolmaster to discharge from the service, or loss of the whole or any period of his previous service reckoning towards pension on discharge by order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the case of a non-commissioned officer by reduction to the ranks by order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the colonel, or in the militia by order of the appointed

No person acquitted or convicted by the civil magistrate or by a jury to be tried by a court-martial for the same offence.

2?>

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Soldiers liable to be taken ont of Her Majesty's service only for felony, misdemeanor, or for debts amounting to 80/. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken ont of Her Majesty's service for debts under 30/., or for breach of contract.

commandant of the regiment or corps; and whenever any officer or soldier shall have been tried by any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, the clerk of such court or other officer having the custody of the records of such court, or the deputy of such clerk, shall, if required by the officer commanding the regiment or corps to which such officer or soldier shall belong, transmit to him a certificate setting forth the offence of which the prisoner was convicted, together with the judgment of the court thereon if such officer or soldier shall have been convicted, or of the acquittal of such officer or soldier, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three shillings.

40. Any person attested for Her Majesty's army, or serving on the permanent staff of the disembodied militia or volunteers other Ilian as a commissioned officer, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only by process or execution on account of any charge of felony or of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than the misdemeanor of absenting himself from his service, or neglecting to fulfil his contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money, or on account of an original debt proved by affidavit of the plaintiff or of some one on his behalf to amount to the value of thirty pounds at the least, over and above all costs of suit, such affidavit to be sworn, without payment of any fee, before some judge of the court out of which process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorised to take affidavits in such court of'which affidavit, when duly filed in such court, a memorandum shall, without fee, be endorsed upon the back of such process, stating the facts sworn to, and the day of filing such affidavit; but no soldier or other person as aforesaid shall be liable by any process whatever to appear before any justice of the peace or other authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's service by any writ, summons, warrant, order, judgment, execution, or any process whatsoever issued by or by the authority of any court of law, or any magistrate, justice or justices of the peace, or any other authority whatsoever, for any original debt not amounting to thirty pounds, or for the breach of any contract, covenant, agreement, or other engagement whatever by parol or in writing, or for having left or deserted his employer or master, or his contract, work, or labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the case of an apprentice, or of an indentured labourer, as herein-after described; and all summonses, warrants, commitments, indictments, convictions, judgments, and sentences on account of any of the matters for which it is herein declared that a soldier or other person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all intents and purposes; and any judge of

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

29

any such court may examine into any complaint made by a soldier or by his superior officer, and by warrant under his hand discharge such soldier, without fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable costs to such complainant, who shall have for the recovery thereof the like remedy as would have been applicable to the recovery of any costs which might have been awarded against the complainant in any judgment or execution as aforesaid, or a writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the discharge of any such soldier out of custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any plaintiff, upon notice of the cause of action first given in writing to any soldier, or left at his last quarters, may proceed in any action or suit to judgment, and have execution other than against the body or military necessaries or equipments of such soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a master or employer, or to the breach of any contract, agreement, or engagement, shall apply to persons who shall be really and bon& fide apprentices, duly bound, under the age of twenty-one years, or to indentured labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

4L No person who shall be commissioned and in full pay as an officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be sheriff of any county, borough, or other place, or to be mayor, portreeve, alderman, or to hold any office in any municipal corporation in any city, borough, or place in Great Britain or Ireland: Provided that the competence or liability of any officer to be nominated to or to hold any of the aforesaid offices shall not be deemed to be affected by reason of the corps to which he belongs being assembled for annual training at the time of his nomination to, or during the period of his tenure of, such office.

42. Every person authorised to enlist recruits or to enrol men under any Reserve Force Acts, or to enlist men under any Militia Reserve Acts, shall first ask the person about to be so enlisted or enrolled whether he belongs to any and what force in Her Majesty's service, and also such other questions as the proper authorities may direct to be put to such persons, and in case of a recruit shall immediately after giving him enlisting money serve him with a notice in the form ordered by the Secretary of State for the War Department to be used.

48. Every person who shall receive enlisting money in manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, upon such receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a soldier in Her Majesty's service, and while be shall remain with the recruiting party shall be entitled to be billeted.

Officers not to be sheriffs or mayors, &c.

Questions to be pat to recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to he enlisted.

30

When recruits to be taken before a justice.

Dissent and relief from enlistment

Attesting of recruits.

44. Every person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within ninety-six hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included) but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlistment, appear, together with some peraon employed in the recruiting service, before a justice of the peace, not being an officer of the army, for the purpose of being attested as a soldier, or of objecting to his enlistment.

45. When a recruit upon appearing before a justice for the purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his enlistment, and shall satisfy the justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the recruit absolutely, and shall report such discharge to the inspecting field officer of the district, or in the case of a recruit enlisted at the head quarters or dep6t of a regiment to the officer commanding the same; but if the recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the justice that the enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon repayment of the enlisting money, and of any sum received by him in respect of pay or allowances, and of a further sum of twenty shillings as smart money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the sum paid by such recruit upon his discharge shall be kept by the justice, and after deducting therefrom one shilling as the fee for reporting the payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the inspecting field officer of the district, shall be paid over to any person belonging to the recruiting party who may demand the same; and the justice who shall discharge any recruit shall in every case give a certificate thereof, signed with his hand, to the recruit, specifying the cause thereof.

46. If the recruit on appearing before a justice shall not dissent from his enlistment, or dissenting shall within twenty-four hours return and state that he is unable to pay the sums mentioned in the last section, he shall be attested as follows: the justice, or some person deputed by him, shall read to the recruit the questions set forth in the form of attestation ordered by the Secretary of State for the War Department to be used, cautioning him that if he fraudulently make any false answer thereto he shall be liable to be punished as a rogue and a vagabond; and the answers of the recruits shall be recorded opposite to the said questions, and the justice shall require the recruit to make and sign the declaration in the said form, and shall then administer to him the oath of allegiance in the said form; and when the recruit shall have signed the said declaration, and taken the said oath, the justice shall attest the same by his signature, and shall deliver to the recruiting officer the declaration so signed and attested; and the fee for such attestation, including the declaration and oath, shall be one shilling andjio more; and any recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified

Mutiny.

31

Ch. 4.

Recruits, until they have been attested or received pay, not triable by court-martial, but in certain cases punishable as rogues and vagabond*.

copy of the above-mentioned declaration by the officer who finally approved of him for the service-

47. No recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received pay other than enlisting money, shall be liable to be tried by court-martial; but if any person previously to his being attested or enrolled shall by means of any false answer obtain enlistment or other money, or shall make any false statement in his declaration, or shall refuse to answer any question duly authorised to be put to him for the purpose of filling up such declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, or having in the case of a recruit dissented from his enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such money as aforesaid, in any of such cases it shall be lawful for any two justices within the United Kingdom, or for any one justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be, to adjudge such person, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to be a rogue and vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, to be imprisoned with hard labour in any prison or house of correction for any period not exceeding three calendar months.

48. Any person who shall have been attested or enrolled Attested re-

in the regular army or reserves, and who shall afterwards cruits ^ble in be discovered to have given any wilfully false answer to any eS&e/befoe question directed to be put by the proper authorities, or two justices or shall have made any wilfully false statement in the declaration coxm"

herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the discretion of

the proper military authorities, to be proceeded against before two justices in the maimer herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a district or garrison court-martial for the same, and punished in such manner as such court shall direct; and the declaration made by such person on his attestation or enrolment purporting to be made in accordance with the regulations of the Secretary of State shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence, whether before such justice or justices or before any court-martial, of such person having represented the several particulars as stated in such declaration.

40. If any recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible Recruits immediately to apprehend and bring him before a justice for absconding* attestation, the recruiting party shall produce to the justice before whom the recruit ought to have been brought for that purpose a certificate of the name and place of residence and description of such recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the justice to whom

32 Ch. 4. Mutiny. 37 Vict.

such certificate shall be produced shall transmit a duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the "Police Gazette/' For the purposes of this section and all purposes of attestation and enlistment, a justice of any county or borough shall be deemed to be a justice of any other county or borough.

As to militia- 50. If any man while belonging to a militia regiment shall into reguS^ enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's army, he shall forces. be liable to be tried before a court-martial on a charge for

desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to give such general directions as may from time to time appear to him necessary for placing any man who confesses himself to be a militiaman under stoppage of one penny a day of his pay for eighteen calendar months, in lieu of his being tried by court-martial, and in case such militiaman shall have belonged to the Militia Reserve at the time of his attestation for placing him under a further stoppage of one penny a day for two hundred and forty days, and further to give general directions as to the manner in which such stoppages shall be applied, and whether, on making good the same, the man shall be returned to his militia regiment or be deemed to be a soldier in the same manner as if he had not been a militiaman at the time of his attestation: Provided that every soldier who while belonging to a militia regiment enlisted in Her Majesty's array, whether such enlistment took place before or after the passing of the Mutiny Act, 1860, shall reckon service towards the performance of his limited engagement from the date of his attestation: Provided also, that any such soldier shall not reckon service for pension until the day on which his engagement for the militia would have expired; but if any such soldier shall subsequently to his enlistment have rendered long, faithful, or gallant service, the Secretary of State for War may, upon the special recommendation of the Commander-in-Chief, order that he may reckon service for pension from the date of his attestation. If any non-commissioned officer of the volunteer permanent staff enlists in Her Majesty's army he may be tried and punished as a deserter, but if he confesses his desertion the Secretary of State for the War Department, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a deserter, may cause him to be returned to his service on the volunteer permanent staff, to be there put under stoppages from his pay until he has repaid the amount of any bounty received by him and the expenses attending his enlistment, and also the value of any arms, &c. issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him; or may cause him to be held to his service in Her Majesty's army, with a direction, if it seems fit, that his time of sendee therein shall not be reckoned for pension

M'idiny.

Ch. 4.

33

until the time when his engagement on the volunteer permanent staff would have expired; and may further cause him to be put under stoppages of one penny a day of his pay until he has repaid the expense attending his engagement or attestation on the volunteer permanent staff, and also the value of any arms, clothing, or appointments issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

5L Every person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act Pomsfonent of contrary to any of its provisions in any matter relating to the persons offend-enlisting or attesting of recruits for Her Majesty's army shall be liable to be tried for such offence before a general, district, or to enlistment, garrison court-martial, and to be sentenced to such punishments other than death or penal servitude as such courts may award.

52. It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace or Enlistment and person exercising the office of a magistrate within any of Her re-enlistment, Majesty's dominions abroad, and in any colony for any other^thCTwrps° person duly authorised in that behalf by the governor or abroad, officer administering the government of such colony, and beyond the limits of Her Majesty's dominions for any British consul or person duly exercising the authority of a British consul, and in Her Majesty's dominions in India for any person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General or lieutenant governor or other officer administering the government of any presidency, division, or province, and within the territories of any foreign state in India for the person performing the duties of the office of British resident therein, and for any other person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local limits of their several authorities any soldiers or persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's army; and it shall be lawful, notwithstanding anything contained in the statute twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter one hundred, for any person so authorised in Her Majesty's dominions in India, or within the territories of any foreign state in India, to enlist and attest within the local limits of his authority any persons desirous of enlisting in Her Majesty's Indian forces. Any such magistrate or person as aforesaid shall have the same powers in that behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to justices in the United Kingdom for all such purposes of enlistment and attestation; but no such magistrate or other person authorised to enlist and attest as above mentioned shall be a general officer or hold any regimental commission; and all such appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full effect, notwithstanding the expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any person sq attested shall be deemed to be an attested soldier.

37 Vic*.

Mutiny.

Soldiers willing

53. When any corps shall be relieved or disbonded at any iray be trans- station beyond the seas it shall be lawful for any officers wetogco^s. thereunto authorised by the officer commanding in chief at such station to receive as transfers as many of the soldiers belonging to the corps leaving the station as shall be willing and fit for service for any corps appointed to remain; and every soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former corps, and an attested certificate of transfer shall be delivered to the soldier.

Soldiers may

54. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, and on te transferred foreign station for the general or other officer commanding viJTtoiui^ir. a* such station, to direct that any soldier attested for any one branch of the service shall on the application of his commanding officer, and with his own consent, be transferred to some other branch of the service or to some other regiment or corps in the same branch of the service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every soldier so transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former corps, and shall have a certificate of transfer delivered to him: Provided always, that any soldier who may have volunteered for the corps of armourer sergeants, or for the army hospital corps, or the army service corps, shall be liable, by order of the military authorities above mentioned, to be re-transferred to his former corps, or to any other corps on the station on which he is serving at the time, for misconduct, unfitness, or any other reasonable cause: Provided also, that any staff clerk or other non-commissioned officer or soldier on the staff of the army may be transferred to any corps serving at the station at the time of his removal from staff employ: Provided also, that upon the conviction by court-martial of any soldier of the crime of desertion, the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces may, and if the court-martial has been held at a foreign station the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces at such foreign station may, order such soldier to serve in any regiment or corps.

Re-engagement 55. Any soldier who being in army service has commenced ot*o\&mfoT the last year of his first term of enlistment, or who being a er term, ^j^hin three years of the expiration of his first term of enlistment, has been ordered, but has not yet proceeded on foreign service, may, with the approval of his commanding officer, or other competent military authority, and subject to such regulations as may from time to time be made by the Secretary of State, be re-engaged for such a period as shall complete a total period of twenty-one years in Her Majesty's service, reckoning from the time of his first enlistment; and any soldier who has completed a total period of twenty-one years service may, with the approval of the competent military authorities, continue to serve beyond such totjal period, under the provisions of the tenth section, Army Enlistment Act, 1870; and any

1874

Mutiny.

Ch. 4

35

person who has been a soldier, and who has received his discharge, may also be so re-engaged upon making a declaration in the form ordered by the Secretary of State for the War Department to be used, before any one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any soldiers or persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's service: Provided always, that in reckoning service under the Boon service to original enlistment or re-engagement of a soldier the boon *reckoned* service granted by the general order of the Governor General of India, dated twelfth of October one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, shall be reckoned as actual service, and allowed towards pension and discharge: Provided also, that every soldier now serving who belonged to the garrison which defended Lucknow, or to the garrison which defended the Alumbagh, before the advance of any portion of the forces under the late Lord Clyde in one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, shall be allowed to reckon one year's service towards the performance of his limited engagement, and also towards pension on discharge: Provided also, that every soldier who volunteered into Her Majesty's army from any embodied regiment of militia between the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five and the twenty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive, or from the disembodied militia during the last week of the training of his regiment in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and who had rendered previous to volunteering six months embodied or disembodied militia service, shall be allowed to reckon towards good-conduct pay and pension, and towards the completion of his limited engagement of service in Her Majesty's army, half the embodied service which he had rendered in the militia after attaining the age of eighteen.

56. All negroes or persons of colour who, although not bom Enlistment of in any of Her Majesty's colonies, territories, or possessions, negroes* shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's service,

shall, while serving, be deemed t? be soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's service, and be entitled to all the privileges of natural-born subjects; and all negroes who have been seized and condemned as prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the advantages of negroes or persons of colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as soldiers in any of Her Majesty's colonial forces.

57. Any person duly bound as an apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured labourer in any of liable to serve *Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a soldier in Her Majesty's army, and shall falsely state to a^u^ship.

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

the magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an apprentice or indentured labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money under false pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the colonies or possessions aforesaid, and of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the expiration of his apprenticeship, or of his indenture as a labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a soldier in Her Majesty's army according to the terms of the enlistment, and if on the expiration of his apprenticeship, or of his indenture as a labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some officer authorised to receive recruits such person may be taken as a deserter from Her Majesty's army; and no master shall be entitled to claim an apprentice or an indentured labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a soldier in Her Majesty's army, or shall be serving in the embodied militia, unless he shall, within one calendar month after such apprentice or indentured labourer shall have left his service, go before some justice, and take the oath mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the certificate of such justice of his having taken such oath, which certificate such justice is required to give in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full term of five years, not having been above the age of fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full term of five years at the least, not having been above the age of sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the foil term at least of four years, by a regular contract or indenture of apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both parties by the law of Scotland, prior to the period of enlistment, and unless such contract or indenture in Scotland shall, within three months after the commencement of the apprenticeship, and before the period of enlistment, have been produced to a justice of the peace of the county in Scotland wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such justice a certificate or declaration signed by him specifying the date when and the person by whom such contract or indenture was so produced, which certificate or declaration such justice of the peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such apprentice shall, when claimed by such master, be under twenty-one years of age: Provided always, that any master of an apprentice indentured for the sea service, or of any indentured labourer in Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such apprentice or indentured labourer may have been bound for a less term than five or four years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any master who shall give up the indentures of his apprentice or of his labourer as aforesaid

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

37

within one month after the enlisting of such apprentice or indentured labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own use so much of the bounty payable to such recruit as shall not have been paid to such recruit before notice given of his being an apprentice or an indentured labourer.

58. No apprentice or indentured labourer claimed by his Punishment of toaster as aforesaid shall be taken from any corps or recruiting apprentices party, except under a warrant of a justice residing near, mg' and within whose jurisdiction such apprentice or indentured labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such justice shall inquire into the matter upon oath, which oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the production and proof of the indenture, and that notice of the said warrant has been given to the commanding officer, and a copy thereof left with some officer or non-commissioned officer of the party, and that such person so enlisted declared that he was no apprentice or indentured labourer; and such justice, if required by such officer or noncommissioned officer, shall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county, division, or place for which such justice is acting, and shall keep the indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such person as he may think proper to give evidence against the offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the sessions immediately succeeding the next general or quarter sessions of such county, division, or place, unless the court shall for just cause put off the trial; and the production of the indenture, with the certificate of the justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient evidence of the said indenture; and every such offender in Scotland may be tried by the judge ordinary in the county or stewartry in such and the like manner as any person may be tried in Scotland for any offence* not inferring a capital punishment:

Provided always, that any justice not required as aforesaid to commit such apprentice or indentured labourer may deliver him to his master.

58. No person who shall, for six months either before or Bemonri of after the pissing of this Act, have received pay and been borne on the strength and pay list of any regiment or corps, tidier*.011 ° or depot or battalion of a regiment or corps (of which the last quarterly pay list, if produced, shall be evidence), shall be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of error or illegality in his enlistment or attestation or re-engagement, or on any other ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, attested, or re-engaged, as the ease may be; and no person shall be exempted from the provisions of this Act or of the Articles of War for the time being by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Authorised 60. No Secretary of State for the War Department, pay-mas^er general of the army, paymaster, or any other officer from the pay of whatsoever, or any of their under officers, shall receive any the army. fees or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or soldier in Her Majesty's army or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, other than the usual deductions, or such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be authorised or required by Her Majesty's regulations or Articles of War, or by statute twenty-six and twenty-seven Victoria, chapter sixty-five, section eight (Volunteer Act), or by Her Majesty's order signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and every paymaster or other officer who having received any officer's or soldier's pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the space of one month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several rates and agreeably to the several regulations established by Her Majesty's orders, shall, upon, proof thereof before a court-martial, be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit one hundred pounds, and the informer, if a soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further service.

Suspending 61. And whereas by petition of right in the third year of King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the herein recited* people of the land are not by the laws to be burdened with the sojourning of soldiers against their wills; and by a clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a supply to His Majesty of two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two pounds seventeen shillings and threepence, for paying and disbanding the forces, it is declared and enacted that no officer, civil or military, nor other person: whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any soldier upon any subject or inhabitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or profession whatsoever, without his consent, and that it shall be lawful for any subject or inhabitant to refuse to quarter any soldier, notwithstanding any warrant or billeting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the sixth year of the' s Anne, c. 14. reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen, section eight, intituled «. 8. (I.) a ^ct to prevent the disorders that may happen by the " marching of soldiers, and providing carriages for the baggage " of soldiers on their march," it was enacted, that no officer, soldier, or trooper in the army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard or battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, should at any time thereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of Ireland, save only during such time or times as

Ch. 4.

39

1874

he or they should be on their march as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such time as he or they should be and remain in some seaport town or other place in the neighbourhood of a seaport town in order to be transported, or during such time as there should be any commotion in any part of Ireland, by reason of which emergency the army, or any considerable part thereof, should be commanded to march from one part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of regiments, corps, troops, and companies in several parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any force or effect during the continuance of this Act.

62. And whereas by the eleventh section of the said Act Ceriainro of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no civil magistrate or con- (i.), as to stable should be obliged to find quarters for or give billets to billeting in more or other soldiers than those only whose true Christian ^e«arv and surnames should be delivered to him in writing under the hand of the officer desiring quarters or billets for such soldiers at the time such quarters or billets should be desired, and that all such names should be written together and delivered in one piece of paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian and surnames of every soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the name of the person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in writing by the constable or civil officer billeting or quartering such soldier, and be contained in the billet given by such civil officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the requirements of the said enactment: It shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any officer, upon the occasion of his requiring quarters or billets for any soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the constable or other person whose duty it shall he to find or give the same any list of the names of the soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the constable or other such person as aforesaid to set forth in any billet the name of any soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the number of the soldiers, or the number of the soldiers and horses respectively, as the case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the person named in the billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

63. It shall be lawful for all constables of parishes and How and where {daces, and other persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the ° e officers and soldiers in Her Majesty's service, and out-pensioners when assembled as a local force by competent authority, and persons receiving pay in Her Majesty's army, and

Ch> 4. Mutiny. 37 Vict.

the horses belonging to Her Majesty's cavalry, and also all staff and field officers horses, and all bat and baggage horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other forces, when on actual service, not exceeding for each officer the number for which forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, in victualling houses and other houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than two men in one house, except only in case of billeting cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the occupiers of the houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such victuallers with proper accommodation in such houses, or if any victualler shall not have sufficient accommodation in the house upon which a soldier is billeted, then in soihe good and sufficient quarters to be provided by such victualler in the immediate neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with diet and small beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with stables, oats, hay, and straw for such horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after provided; and at no time when troops are on a march shall any of them, whether infantry or cavalry, be billeted above one mile from the place mentioned in the route, care being always taken that billets be made out for the less distant houses, in which suitable accommodation can be found, before making out billets for the more distant; and in all places where cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each man and his horse shall be billeted in one and the same house, except in case of necessity; and, except in case of necessity, one man at least shall be billeted where there shall be one or two horses, and two men at least where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in no case shall a man and his horse be billeted at a greater distance from each other than one hundred yards; and the constables are hereby required to billet all soldiers and their horses on their march, in the manner required by this Act, upon the occupiers of all houses within one mile of the place mentioned in the route, and whether they be in the same or in a different county, in like manner in every respect as if such houses were all locally situate within such place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorise any constable to billet soldiers out of the county to which such constable belongs when the constable of the adjoining county shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due proportion of men in such adjoining county; and no more billets shall at any time be ordered than there are effective soldiers and horses present to be billeted; all which billets, when made out by such constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue proportion of soldiers billeted in his house, and shall prefer his complaint, if against

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

41

a constable or other person not being a justice, to one or more justices, and if against a justice then to two or more justices within whose jurisdiction such soldiers are billeted, such justices respectively shall have power to order such of the soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other persons, as they shall see cause; and when any of Her Majesty's cavalry or any horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the occupiers of houses in which officers or soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no stables, then and in such case, upon the written requisition of the commanding officer of the regiment, corps, troop, or detachment, the constable is hereby required to billet the men and their horses, or horses only, upon some other person or persons who have stables, and who are by this Act liable to have officers and soldiers billeted upon them; and upon complaint being made by the person or persons to whose house or stables the said men or horses shall have been so removed to two or more justices within whose jurisdiction such men or horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such justices to order a proper allowance to be paid by the person relieved to the persons receiving such men and horses, or to be applied in furnishing the requisite accommodation; and commanding officers may exchange any man or horse billeted in any place with another man or horse billeted in the same place for the benefit of the service, provided the number of men and horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively; and the constables are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any justice, at the request of any officer or non-commissioned officer commanding any soldiers requiring billets, to extend any routes or to enlarge the districts within which billets shall be required, in such manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the troops; provided that to prevent or punish all abuses in billeting soldiers, it shall be lawful for any justice within his jurisdiction, by warrant or order under his hand, to require any constable to give him an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered by such constables, together with the names of the persons upon whom such officers and soldiers are billeted, stating the street or p^ce where such persons dwell, and the sign, if any, belonging to the houses: Provided always, that no officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his lodging where he shall be duly billeted.

64. The officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards Billeting the shall be billeted within the city and liberties of Westminster guard* in and and places adjacent, lying in the county of Middlesex (except the city of London) and in the county of Surrey, and in the borough of Southwark, in the same manner and under the

42

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Military officers not to act as justices in billeting.

Allowance to innkeepers.

same regulations as in other parts of England, in all cases for which particular provision is not made by this Act; and the high constables shall, on receipt of the order for billeting soldiers, deliver precepts to the several constables within their respective divisions, in pursuance of which the said constables shall billet such officers and soldiers equally and proportionably on the houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said constables shall, at every general sessions of the peace to be holden for the said city and liberties, counties and borough respectively, make and deliver to the justices then in open session assembled, upon oath, which oath the said justices are hereby required to administer, lists, signed by them respectively, of the houses subject by this Act to receive officers and soldiers, together with the names and rank of all officers and soldiers billeted on each respectively, which lists shall remain with the respective clerks of the peace for the inspection of all persons without fee or reward; and such clerk shall forthwith from time to time deliver to any persons who shall require the same true copies of any such lists upon being paid twopence per sheet for the same, each sheet to contain at the least one hundred and fifty words.

65. No justice having or executing any military office or commission in any part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing quarters for any soldier in the regiment, corps, troop, or company under the immediate command of such justice, and all warrants, acts, and things made, done, and appointed by such justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

66. The innholder or other person on whom any soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such soldier, furnish him for every day of the march, and for a period not exceeding two days when halted at the intermediate place upon the march, and for the day of the arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal in each day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previous to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vegetables, and two pints of small beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper, and for such meal the innholder or other person furnishing the same shall be paid the sum of tenpence, and twopence halfpenny for a bed; and all innholders and other persons on whom soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the march in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such soldiers with a bed and with candles, vinegar, and salt, and shall allow them the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the sum of fourpence per diem for each

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4,

43

soldier; and the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person on whom any of the horses belonging to Her Majesty's forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland for ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw, shall be one shilling and ninepence per diem for each horse; and every officer or non-commissioned officer commanding a regiment, detachment, or party shall, every four days, or before they shall quit their quarters if they shall not remain so long as four days, settle and discharge the just demands of all victuallers or other persons upon whom such officers, soldiers, or horses are billeted, out of the pay and subsistence of such officers and soldiers, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such officer or non-commissioned officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon complaint, and oath made thereof by any two witnesses before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place where such quarters were situated, sitting in quarter or petty sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon certificate of the justices before whom such oath was made of the sum due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing,) to give orders to the agent of the regiment or corps to pay the sum9 due to such victuallers or other persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such officers; and in case any soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective commanding officers or non-commissioned officers are not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodging or victualling of the men and stabling or forage for the horses, every such officer or noncommissioned officer shall, before his departure, make up the account with every person upon whom such soldier may have been billeted, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be transmitted by such officer or non-commissioned officer to the agent of the regiment or corps, who is hereby required to make immediate payment thereof, and to charge the same to the account of such officer or non-commissioned officer.

67. All powers and provisions relating to soldiers shall be Interpretation construed to extend to non-commissioned officers, unless when of Act* otherwise provided; and all powers and provisions relating to justices shall be construed to extend to all magistrates authorised to act as such in their respective jurisdictions and to chief magistrates of exclusive local jurisdictions; and all the Powers and powers given to and regulations made for the conduct of con- regulations as stables in relation to the billeting of officers and soldiers, and to ets' all penalties and forfeitures for any neglect thereof, shall extend to all tithingmen, headboroughs, and such-like officers,

«nd to all inspectors or other officers of police, and to high constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities,

44

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

towns, villages, hamlets, parishes, and places in England and Ireland, and to all justices of the peace, magistrates of burghs, commissioners of police, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, parishes, and places in Scotland, who shall act in the execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all powers and provisions for billeting officers and soldiers in victualling houses shall extend and apply to all inns, hotels, livery stables, alehouses, and to the houses of sellers of wine by retail, whether British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and to all houses of persons selling brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheglin, by retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then to billeting soldiers in such manner as Exemptions has been heretofore customary: Provided that no officer or rom ets. tidier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any. private houses, or in any canteen held or occupied under the authority of the War Department, or upon persons who keep taverns only, being vintners of the City of London admitted to their freedom of the said company in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, notwithstanding such persons who keep such taverns only have taken out victualling licenses, nor in the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and strong waters, nor in the house of any shopkeeper whose principal dealing shall be more in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such houses, nor in the house of residence in any part of the United Kingdom of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

Supply of 68. For the regular provision of carriages for Her Majesty's

carriages. forces, and their baggage, in their marches in Great Britain

and Ireland, all justices of the peace within their several jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an order from Her Majesty, or the general of her forces, or other person duly authorised in that behalf, shall, on production to them of such order, or a copy thereof, certified by the commanding officer, by some officer or non-commissioned officer of the regiment or corps so ordered to march, issue a warrant to any constable having authority to act in any place from, through, near, or to which the troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which warrants the fee of one shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the carriages, horses, and oxen, and drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient time to do the same, specifying the places from and to which the said carriages shall travel, and the distance between the places, for which distance only so specified payment shall be demanded, and which distance shall not, except in cases of pressing emergency, exceed a day's march prescribed in the order of route, and shall in no cases exceed twenty-five miles;

1871

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

and the constables receiving such warrants shall order such persons as they shall think proper, having carriages, to furnish the requisite supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient carriages cannot be procured within the proper jurisdiction, any justice of the next adjoining jurisdiction shall, by a like course of proceeding, supply the deficiency; and in order that the burden of providing^carriages may fall equally, and to prevent inconvenience arising from there being no justice near the place where troops may be quartered on the march, any justice residing nearest to such place may cause a list to be made out once in every year of all persons liable to furnish such carriages, and of the number and description of their said carriages, (which list shall at all seasonable hours be open to the inspection of the said persons,) and may by warrant under his hand authorise the constable within his jurisdiction to give orders to provide carriages, without any special warrant for that purpose, which orders shall be valid in all respects; and all orders for such carriages shall be made from such lists in regular rotation, as far as the same can be done.

45

69. In every case in which the whole distance for which Rates to be any carriage shall be impressed shall be under one mile the P"d for rate of a full mile shall be paid; and the rates to be paid for carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every mile lating thereto, which a waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen or four oxen and two horses, shall travel, one shilling; and for every mile any waggon with narrow wheels, or any cart with four horses, carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, ninepence; and for every mile any other cart or carriage with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight, .shall travel, sixpence; and in Ireland, for every hundredweight loaded on any wheel carriage, one halfpenny per mile; and in Great Britain such further rates may be added, not exceeding a total addition per mile of four-pence, threepence, or twopence, to the respective rates of one shilling, ninepence, or sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the justices assembled at general sessions for their respective districts, or to the recorder at the sessions of the peace of any municipal city, borough, or town; and the order of such justices or recorder shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such additional rates, the period for which the order shall be enforced not exceeding ten days beyond the next general sessions; and no such order shall be valid unless a copy thereof, signed by the presiding magistrate and one other justice, or by the recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for the War Department within three days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the day's

Ch. 4> Mutiny. 37 Vict.

march shall exceed fifteen miles the justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation, not exceeding the usual rate of hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional rates or compensation shall be granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the warrant the amount thereof, and the date of the order of sessions, if fixed by sessions, and the warrant shall be given to the officer commanding as his voucher; and the officer or non-commissioned officer demanding carriages by virtue of the warrant of a justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper sums into the bands of the constables providing carriages, who shall give receipts for the same on unstamped paper; and in Ireland the officers or non-commissioned officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper sums to the owners or drivers of the carriages, and one third part of such payment shall be made before the carriage be loaded, and all the said payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the presence of a justice or constable; and no carriage shall be liable to carry more than thirty hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no car shall be liable to carry more than six hundredweight, and no dray more than twelve hundredweight; but the owner of such carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater weight shall be paid at the same rate for every hundredweight of the said excess; and the owners of such carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less weight, under the sum of threepence a mile for each car and sixpence a mile for each dray; and the loading of such carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable time, without hindrance to Her Majesty's service; provided that a cart with one or more horses for which the furnisher shall receive ninepence a mile shall be required to carry fifteen hundredweight at the least; and no penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to highways or turnpike roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the number of horses and oxen, or weight of loading of the aforesaid carriages, which shall not on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress carriages for the march of soldiers from Dublin, at least twenty-four hours notice of such march, and in case of emergency as long notice as the case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional number of cars and drays, at his discretion, out of the licensed cars and drays and other cars and drays within the county of the said city, and they shall by turns be employed on this duty at the prices and under the regulations herein-before mentioned; and no country cars, drays, or other carriages coming to markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the will of the owners in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretenoe whatsoever.

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

47

70. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, by her or their order, distinctly stating that a case of emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the first clerk in the Military Department, to authorise any general or field officer commanding Her Majesty's forces in any district or place, or the chief acting agent for the supply of stores and provisions, by writing under his hand reciting such order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all justices within their several jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their warrants for the provision, not only of waggons, wains, carts, and cars kept by or belonging to any person and for any use whatsoever, but also of saddle horses, coaches, postchaises, chaises, and other four-wheeled carriages kept for hire, and of all horses kept to draw carriages licensed to carry passengers, and also of boats, barges, and other vessels used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river, as shall be mentioned in the said warrants, therein specifying the place and distance to which such carriages or vessels shall go; and on the production of such requisition, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to such justice, by any officer of the corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any officer of the War Department, such justice shall take all the same proceedings in regard to such additional supply so required on such emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary provision of carriages; and all provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary supply of carriages, and the duties of officers and non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, and owners of carriages in that behalf, shall be to all intents and purposes applicable for the providing and payment, according to the rates of posting or of hire usually paid for such other description of carriages or vessels so required on emergency, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river, or lock tolls, which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such carriages and vessels while employed in such service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the baggage, provisions, and military stores of such regiment, corps, or detachment, but also the officers, soldiers, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same.

7L It shall be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled at their quarter sessions to direct the treasurer to pay, without fee, out of the public stock of the county or riding, or if such public stock be insufficient then out of moneys which the said justices shall have power to raise for that purpose, in

As to supply of carriages is cases of emergency, &c.

Justices empowered to reimburse constables for sums expended by them.

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Routes in Ireland.

TolU.

Ferries.

like manner as for county gaols and bridges, such reasonable sums as shall have been expended by the constables within their respective jurisdictions for carriages and vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring the same, regard being had to the season of the year and the condition of the ways by which such carriages and vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such justices shall direct such payments to be made out of the rogue money and assessments directed and authorised to be assessed and levied by an Act of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seven ty-two.

72. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor for the time being of Ireland to depute, by warrant under his hand and seal, some proper person to sign routes in cases of emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's forces in Ireland, in the name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

73. All Her Majesty's officers and soldiers, on duty or on their march, and their horses and baggage, and all recruits marching by route, and all prisoners under military escort, and all enrolled pensioners in uniform when called out for training or in aid of the civil power, and all carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when conveying any such persons as aforesaid, or their baggage, or stores, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from payment of any duties and, tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay, or landing place, or in passing along or over any turnpike or other roads or bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or ordinance, order or direction of any colonial legislature or other authority in any of Her Majesty's colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any boats, barges, or other vessels employed in conveying the said persons, horses, baggage, or stores along any canal from payment of tolls in like manner as other boats, barges, and vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in cases of emergency as herein-before enacted.

74. When any soldiers on service have occasion in their march by route to pass regular ferries in Scotland, the officer commanding may at his option pass over with his soldiers as passengers, and shall pay for himself and each soldier one half only of the ordinary rate payable by single persons, or may hire the ferry boat for himself and his party, debarring others for that time, and shall in all such cases pay only half the ordinary rate for such boat.

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

* 9

75. Every soldier enlisted in Great Britain or Ireland shall, Marching

when entitled to his discharge, if then serving abroad, be di-

sent home, if he shall so require, free of expense, and shall be entitled to receive marching money from the place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive marching money from the place of his discharge,) to the parish or place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the time of his discharge decide to take up his residence (if the cost of conveyance to such place shall not exceed the cost of conveyance to the place of his original enlistment): Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to soldiers appointed sergeant instructors, or attached for completion of service, to the reserve forces.

76. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Ordinary extend to exempt any officer or soldier from being proceeded

against by the ordinary course of law, when accused of felony, not toJbe inter-

or of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than the &red with.

misdemeanors and offences herein-before mentioned; and if Pmuahment of

any commanding officer shall neglect or refuse, on application

being made to him for that purpose, to deliver over to the justice.8 "

civil magistrate any officer or soldier under his command, or

shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the officers

of justice in apprehending any officer or soldier under his

command, so accused as aforesaid, such commanding officer

shall upon conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's superior

courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, or in any court of record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and

shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any civil

or military office or employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's serviceand

a certificate of such conviction, containing the substance and

effect of the indictment only, omitting the formal part, with the copy of the entry of the judgment of the court thereon,

shall be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London.

77. For enforcing a prompt observance of the rules and for orders for the due appropriation of the public funds applicable by a gent* to army services, and in order that a true and regular account

may be kept and rendered by the agents for the several corps, the said agents are hereby required to observe such orders as shall from time to time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any person, being or having been an agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such orders in relation to his duty as agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the pay of any officer or soldier for a longer period than the space of one month after the receipt thereof, he shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of one [Ab. 5. Price 2d.] E

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vttt

Penalty on trafficking in commissions.

Penalty for procuring false musters.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty for inducing soldiers to desert

hundred pounds, and, if still an agent, for the second offence be discharged from his employment as on army agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an army agent, shall for the second and every succeeding offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

o.*78*> Any person (except the Army Purchase Commissioners and persons acting under their authority by virtue of the provisions of the Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871,) who shall negotiate, act as agent for, or otherwise aid or connive at the sale or purchase of any commission in Her Majesty's army shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and any person who shall negotiate, act as agent for, or otherwise aid or connive at any exchange in respect of which any sum of money or other consideration exceeding the sum or consideration sanctioned by the military authorities shall be given or received shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

79. Every person, not having any military commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue certificate, whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any muster or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any money or gratuity for mustering any soldiers, or for signing any muster rolls or duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds; and any person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon conviction before some justice of the peace residing near the place where such muster shall be made, forfeit for every such off ence the sum of twenty pounds; and the informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

80. Every person (except such person or persons as shall he authorised by beating order under the hand of the Secretary of State for the War Department) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed bills for the purpose of procuring recruits or substitutes for the line, embodied militia, or Her Majesty's Indian forces, or shall open or keep any house, place of rendezvous, or office, or receive any person therein under such bill or advertisement, as connected with the recruiting service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without permission in writing from the adjutant general, or from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the case may be,) shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

81. Any person who shall in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, or by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly,

Ch. 4

Si

procure any soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any soldier to desert, and any person who, knowing that any soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting; or, knowing any soldier to be a deserter, shall conceal such deserter, or aid or assist such deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof before any two justices acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such offender shall at any time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justices shall think fit.

82. Any officer or soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Penalty for deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any dwelling-house entpr

or outhouse, or shall give any order under which any dwelling- with-

house or outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken out warrant open, without a warrant from one or more justices of the peace, shall, on conviction thereof before two justices of the peace, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

83* If any person shall convey or cause to be conveyed Penalties on into any military prison appointed to be a public prison under this Act any arms, tools, or instruments, or any mask or other escape or pri-disguise, in order to. facilitate the escape of any prisoner, or soners, and on shall by any means whatever aid and assist any prisoner to gon^tiatiOTis. escape or in attempting to escape from such prison, whether an escape be actually made or not, such person shall be deemed guilty of felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to penal servitude for any term not less than five years and not exceeding seven years, or be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding two years; and if any person shall bring or attempt to bring into such prison, in contravention of the existing rules thereof, any Spiritaous or fermented liquor, he shall for every such offence be Hable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds and not less than ten pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour; for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and if any person shall bring into such prison, to or for any prisoner, without the knowledge of the governor, any money, clothing, provisions, tobacco, letters, papers, or any other articles not allowed by the rules of the prison to be in the possession of a prisoner, or shall throw into the said prison any such articles, or shall by desire of any prisoner, without the sanction of the governor, carry out of the prison any of the articles aforesaid, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without hard labour, fox any time not exceeding one calendar month; and if any person shall assault or violently resist any officer of such prison in the execution

Mf Ch. 4, Mutiny. 37 Vict.

of his duty, or shall aid or excite any person so to assault or resist any such officer, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, or if the offender be a soldier already under sentence of imprisonment, he shall be liable for every such offence, upon conviction thereof by a board of not less than three of the visitors of the prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, in addition tp his original sentence, or to be subjected to corporal punishment not exceeding fifty lashes, or upon conviction thereof by a single visitor to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding seventy-two hours, in addition to his original sentence, or to be subjected to corporal punishment not exceeding twenty-five lashes; or if such soldier shall, within forty-eight hours of the expiration of his original or of any additional sentence, be guilty of any offence against the rules of the prison, he may for every such pffence, on conviction thereof by a board or by a single visitor, be ordered to be kept in prison for a period not exceeding seventy-two hours either in a dark cell or in a light cell, and with or without hard labour, on a bread Certain pro- and water diet, or otherwise; and all the provisions of any for Act or Acts of Parliament for the regulation or better ordering

g&olsto apply of gaols, houses of correction, or prisons in Great Britain shall to military be deemed to apply to all military prisons so far as any such prisons. provision relates to such offences; and it shall be lawful for the governor, provost marshal, officer, or servant of any military prison to use and exercise all the powers and authorities given by any such Act to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of any prison, or to his or their assistants, to apprehend or to cause offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a justice or justices of the peace; and all the powers and authorities given by any such Act to any justice or justices of the peace to convict offenders in any of the above cases, together with the forms of convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like offences when committed in respect of military prisons; and all the provisions contained in any such Act relating to suits and actions prosecuted against any person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all suits and actions prosecuted against any person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of military prisons.

Penalty on keepers of prisons for refusing to confine, &a military offenders.

84. Any governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any military offender in the manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

53

85. Any person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, Penalty on or receive from any soldier or deserter or any other person pn«Aasing acting for or on his behalf, on any pretence whatsoever, or Mr^"torST" who shall solicit or entice any soldier, or shall be employed &c. by any soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any arms, ammunition, medals for good conduct or for distinguishment or other service, clothes, or military furniture, or any provisions, or any sheets or other articles used in barracks provided under barrack regulations, or regimental necessaries, or any article of forage provided for any horses belonging to Her Majesty's service, or who shall have in his or her possession or keeping any such arms, ammunition, medals, clothes, furniture, provisions, spirits, articles, necessaries, or forage, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the colour of any clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of all or any of the several articles of which such offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such offence, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, but not less than five pounds, and the treble value of all or any of the several articles of which such offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such forfeiture be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term, not exceeding six calendar months, as the convicting justice or justices shall think fit; and upon any information against any person for a second or any subsequent offence, a copy of the former conviction, certified by the proper officer having the care or custody of such conviction, or any copy of the same proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove such former conviction; and if any credible person shall prove on oath before a justice of the peace, or person exercising like authority according to the laws of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed, a reasonable cause to suspect that any person has in his or her possession, or on his or her premises, any property of the description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such offence shall have been committed, such justice may grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods; and if upon such search any such property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such warrant, who shall bring the offender in whose possession the same shall be found before the same or any other justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the legislature of any of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, on the recommendation of the officer or officers for the time being administering the

£ 3

37 Vxctl

r 64

<&Ir&

government thereof, but not otherwise, to make provision by law for reducing such pecuniary penalty, if not exceeding twenty pounds, to such amount as may to such legislature appear to be better adapted to the ability and pecuniary means of Her Majesty's subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced penalty shall be sued for and recovered in 8Ucl* and the same manner as the full penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the person or persons administering the government of any such foreign dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such powers and authorities as are by law vested in Her Majesty, or in any such officer or officers as aforesaid in respect of any other law made or enacted by any such legislature.

Penalties on civil subjects offending against the laws relating to billets.

86. If any constable or other person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any officers or soldiers in any part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such officer or soldier in any house not within the meaning of this Act, without the consent of the owner or occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any officer or soldier on duty, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops or shall receive, demand, or agree for any money or reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any person from receiving such officer or soldier; or shall quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officers or soldiers, in any such houses, against the consent of the occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices as shall be directed to him for providing carriages, horses, or vessels, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same; or if any person ordered by any constable in manner herein-before directed to provide carriages, horses, or vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the orders of such constable, or shall do any act or thing by which the execution of any warrants for providing carriages, horses, or vessels shall be hindered; or if any constable shall neglect to deliver in to the justices at quarter sessions lists of officers and soldiers of the foot guards quartered according to the provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective lists of the same; or if any person liable by this Act to have any officer or soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper accommodation or diet in the house in which such officer or soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several things directed to be furnished to officers and soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient stables, together with good and sufficient oats, hay, and straw, in Great Britain and Ireland for each horse, in such quantities and at such rates as he rein-before provided; or if any innkeeper or victualler not having good and sufficient

1874. Mutiny. Cfl. 4. 55

stables shall refuse to pay over to the person or persons who may provide stabling such allowance by way of compensation as shall be directed by any justice of the peace, or shall pay any sum or sums of money to any soldier on the march in lieu of furnishing in kind the diet and small beer to which such soldier is entitled; or if any toll collector shall demand and On toll col-receive toll from any of Her Majesty's officers or soldiers, on lector* deduty or on their march, for themselves or for their horses, or from any recruits marching by route, or from any prisoners soldiers, or for under military escort, or from any enrolled pensioners in carriages; uniform when called out for training or in aid of the civil power, or for any carriages or horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when conveying poisons, or baggage, or stores, or returning therefrom, every such constable, victualler, toll-keeper, or other person respectively shall forfeit for every such offence, neglect, or refusal any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings; and if any person shall personate or represent him- and on V?T*on* self to be a soldier or a recruit, with the view of fraudulently ^idTere, &c. obtaining a billet, or money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty shillings.

87. If any military officer shall take upon himself to quarter Penalties on soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any against the mayor, constable, or other civil officer, tending to deter and laws relating discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty to ete* under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said duty, such officer shall for every such offence (being thereof qonvicted before any two or more justices of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any military employment in Her Majesty's service; provided that a certificate of such conviction shall be transmitted by one of the said justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said conviction be affirmed at some quarter sessions of the peace of the said county held next after the expiration of three months after such certificate of the justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any military officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any person, any money or reward for excusing the quartering of officers or soldiers, or shall billet any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or soldier, in any house, against the consent of the occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a general court-martial, be cashiered; and if any officer shall constrain any

37 Vior.

56 Ch. 4. Mutiny.

carriage to travel beyond the distance specified in the justice's warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home on the same day, if it be practicable, except in the case of emergency for which the justice shall have given license, or shall compel the driver of any carriage to take up any soldier or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride therein, except in the cases of emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any constable, by threatening words, to provide saddle horses for himself or servants, or shall force horses from their owners, or in Ireland shall force the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable time, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner or his servant, permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than is directed by this Act, such officer shall forfeit for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings.

Penalty on 88. For the better preservation of game and fish in or near

wkhonneav where any officers shall at any time be quartered, be it

wit ont ea>e. enac^e(jj that every officer who shall, without leave in writing

from the person or persons entitled to grant such leave, take, kill, or destroy any game or fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

Form of »ction» 89. Any action which shall be brought against any person

it law. for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be

brought within six calendar months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such person to plead thereunto the general issue Not Guilty, and to give all special matter in evidence to the jury; and if the verdict shall be for the defendant in any such action, or the plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such court shall see fit to assoilzie the defendant or dismiss the complaint, the court in which the said matter shall be tried shall allow unto the defendant treble costs, for which the said defendant shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants; and every action against any person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any member or minister of a court-martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some one of the courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court whatsoever.

Kecorcry of penalties.

90. All offences for which any penalties and forfeitures are by this Act imposed not exceeding twenty pounds, over and above any forfeiture of value or treble value, shall and may be determined, and such penalties and forfeitures and forfeiture of value or treble value recovered, in every part of the United

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

57

Kingdom, by and before one or more justice or justices of the

peace, under the provisions of an Act passed in the eleventh

and twelfth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria,

intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties n & 12 Vict.

" of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and

" Wales, with respect to summary convictions and orders

+Provided always, that in all cases in which there shall not be sufficient goods whereon any penalty or forfeiture can be levied, the offender may be committed and imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the recovery of all such penalties and forfeitures, as fully to all intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of

Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate 14 & 15 Vict.

11 and amend the Acts regulating the proceedings at Petty *98 *

" Sessions, and the duties of Justices of the Peace out of " Quarter Sessions, in Ireland," to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such offences committed in the British Isles or in any of Her Majesty's dominions beyond the seas may be determined, and the penalties and forfeitures and forfeiture of value or treble value recovered, before any justices of the peace or persons exercising like authority according to the laws of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence iftiill be committed; and all penalties and forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding twenty pounds shall be recovered by action in some of the courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other parts of Her Majesty's dominions, in any of the royal or superior courts of such isles or other parts of Her Majesty's dominions. In any proceeding under this Act whereby any person incurs a penalty or forfeiture, such person may also be adjudged to pay the costs of such proceeding by the justice or justices, or the court imposing such penalty or forfeiture.

9L One moiety of every penalty, not including any treble Appropriation value of any articles, adjudged or recovered under the pro- of penalties visions of this Act, shall go to the person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the remainder of the penalty, together with the treble value of any articles, or, where the offence shall be proved by the person who shall inform, the whole of the penalty, shall be paid, in the United Kingdom, to the paymaster of the London recruiting district, St. George's Barracks, London, and in India to the military secretary of the government of the presidency to which the court by whom the penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, and elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions to the local military accountant,

m

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

9 & 6 W. 4.

0. 76.

Mode of recording a soldiers settlement.

Licenses of canteens.

to be at the disposal of the Secretary of State for the Wan Department, (unless where the penalty is adjudged in India, when it shall be at the disposal of the Government of India,) anything in an Act passed in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the regulation, of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales," or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding. Every justice or court adjudging any penalty under this Act shall report the same immediately, if in the United Kingdom, to the said Secretary of State, if in India to the said military secretary, and if elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions to the general or other officer commanding at the station.

92. The Secretary of State for the War Department may, if he think proper, cause any soldier on his discharge, and his wife or child, if occasion require, either with or without him, to be sent to the parish in which on his attestation as a recruit he stated himself to have been born, and if delivered at the workhouse of that parish, or of the union comprising such parish, he shall then be received therein by the master or other proper officer thereof; but any justice in the United Kingdom within whose jurisdiction any soldier in Her Majesty's army, or on the permanent staff of the militia, having a wife or child, shall be billeted, may summon such soldier before him in the place where he is billeted, (which summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his examination in writing, upon oath, touching the place of his last legal settlement, and such justice shall give an attested copy of suet examination to the person examined, to be by him delivered to his commanding officer, to be produced when required; which said examination and such attested copy thereof shall be at any time admitted as good and legal evidence of such last legal settlement before any justices or at any general or quarter sessions, although such soldier be dead or absent from the kingdom; provided that in case any soldier shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such examination or such attested copy thereof being produced by him or by any other person on his behalf, such soldier shall not be obliged to take any other oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such examination, or a copy of such attested copy of examination, if required.

93. When any person shall hold any canteen under proper authority of the War Department, it shall be lawful for any two justices within their respective jurisdictions to grant or transfer any beer, wine, or spirit license to such persons, without regard to time of year or to the notices or certificates required by any Act in respect of such licenses; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper officers within their respective districts, shall also grant such licenses as aforesaid;

1874.

Mutiny *

Ch. 4.

m

and such persons so holding canteens, and having such licenses, may sell therein victuals and exciseable liquors, as empowered by such excise license, without being subject to any penalty or forfeiture.

94. All muster rolls and accounts and pay and pension Attestation of lists which are required to be verified by declaration shall be accosts *

so verified and attested free of stamp duty, and without fee or reward paid for such declaration or attestation.

95. All commissaries, regimental paymasters, and all other Commissaries, accountants for military services, upon making up their ac- *c:toatte*t

i o r their aCCOODtlL

counts, and all commissaries upon returning from any foreign service, shall severally make the respective declarations described in the schedule to this Act annexed; which declarations, if made in any part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some justice, or other person authorised to administer oaths and declarations, and if made on foreign service shall be made before the officer commanding in chief, or the second in command, or the quartermaster or deputy quartermaster general or any assistant quartermaster general of the army, who shall respectively have power to administer and receive the same.

96. All oaths and declarations which are authorised and Administration required by this Act may be administered (unless where other- oaths* wise provided) by any justice of the peace, or other person

having authority to administer oaths and declarations; and any person taking a false oath or declaration where an oath Perjury, or declaration is authorised or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of wilfully making a false declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such pains and penalties as by law any person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is subject and liable to; and every commissioned officer convicted before a general court-martial of perjury, or of wilfully making a false declaration, shall be cashiered, and every soldier or other person amenable to the provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a general, district, or garrison court-martial shall be punished at the discretion of such court. In India, in all cases where any oath is hereby required to be taken, or any person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn declaration or affirmation may be substituted, if by the laws for the time being in force in India such declaration or affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the place of an oath, in case the party were about to depose as a witness in a civil action in any of the supreme courts at the presidencies; and any person wilfully and knowingly giving false testimony on oath or solemn declaration or affirmation in any case wherein such oath or solemn declaration or affirmation shall have been made for the purpose of this Act, or any proceedings under this Act* shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and.

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Officers and soldiers to conform to 26 & 27 Vict c. 57., Ac.

Where troops are serving beyond the jurisdiction of the courts of requests, Ac., actions of debt not exceeding 400 rupees to be cognizable bya military court

being duly convicted thereof before a court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such pains and penalties as by any law in force in England, or by any law in force in India, any persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an oath necessary in any case where by law a solemn affirmation may be made instead thereof.

97. All crimes and offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, or against any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made and established'by virtue of either of the same, may, during the continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every warrant for holding any court-martial under any such former Act shall remain in full force, and all proceedings of courts-martial convened and held under any such warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the date of the warrant for such trial, unless the person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that period, in which case such person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding two years after the impediment shall have ceased.

98. It shall be the duty of all officers and soldiers to observe and conform to the provisions contained in " The Regimental Debts Act, 1863," and in the regulations for the better execution of the purposes of the said Act prescribed from time to time by warrant under the Royal Sign Manual.

99. In all places in India where any body of Her Majesty's forces may be serving situate beyond the jurisdiction of any court of small causes established by or under the authority of the Governor General of India in Council, actions of debt and all personal actions against officers or against persons licensed to act as sutlers, or other persons amenable to the provisions of this Act not being soldiers, shall be cognizable before a court of requests composed of military officers, and not elsewhere, provided the value in question shall not exceed four hundred rupees, and that the defendant was a person of the above description when the cause of action arose, which court the commanding officer of any camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post is hereby authorised and empowered to convene.

1874.

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

Whenever owing to paucity of officers, or to any other cause, a court of requests cannot conveniently be held at the station where the defendant or defendants may be, it shall be lawful for the officer commanding the division or district to authorise the assembly of a court by the officer commanding at the nearest place where such court can be formed. Courts of requests shall in all practicable cases consist of five commissioned officers, and in no instance of less than three., and the president thereof shall in all practicable cases be a field officer, and in no case be under the rank of a captain, and every member shall have served five years as a commissioned officer; and the president and members assisting at any such court, before any proceedings be had before it, shall take the following oath, which oath shall be administered by the president of the court to the other members thereof, and to the president by any member having first taken the oath; (that is to say,)

T swear, that I will duly administer

J- justice according to the evidence in the matters that shall be brought before me. So help me GOD.

And all witnesses before any such court shall be examined in the same manner as in the case of a trial by courts-martial. All actions of debt and personal actions against persons, not being soldiers, amenable to this Act within the jurisdiction of any court of small causes shall be cognizable by such court to the extent of its powers; and all such actions where the amount sued for exceeds four hundred rupees shall be cognizable by a civil court or court of small causes only; and it shall be competent for any civil court or court of small causes, or for any military court of requests held in Jieu thereof under the authority of this section, upon finding or awarding any debt or damage, either to award execution thereof generally, or to direct specially that the whole or any part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the plaintiff out of any part not exceeding one half of any pay or allowance, or out of any other public money which may respectively be coming to the defendant in the current or any future month or months, or to direct the same to be so paid by instalments. In regard to awards of execution general civil courts and courts of small causes shall proceed in accordance with the rules of procedure for such courts in India; and in all cases where execution shall be awarded generally by a military court of requests, the debt, if not paid forthwith, shall be levied by seizure and public sale of such of the defendant's goods and property as may be found within the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, under a written order of the commanding officer, grounded on the judgment of the court, and all orders of such commanding officer as to the manner of such sale, or the person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding; and any goods and property of the defendant found within the limits of the camp, garrison,

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vice.

42

cantonment, or military post to which the defendant shall belong at any subsequent time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like manner in satisfaction of any remainder of such debt or damages; and if any question shall arise whether any such effects or property are liable to be taken in execution as aforesaid, the decision and order of the said commanding officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient goods shall not be found within the limits of the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, then any public money or any part not exceeding one half of the pay or allowances accruing to the defendant shall be stopped in liquidation of such debt or damages; and if such defendant shall not receive pay as an officer or from any public department, but be a sutler, servant, or follower, he may be arrested by like order of the commanding officer, and imprisoned in some convenient place within the military boundaries for any period not exceeding two months, unless the debt be sooner paid; and the said commanding officer shall not, nor shall any person acting on his orders in respect of the matters aforesaid, incur any liability to any person or persons whomsoever for any act done by him in pursuance of the provisions aforesaid; and in cases where the said court shall direct specially that the whole or any part of the debt or damages shall be stopped and paid out of part of any pay and allowances, or out of any public money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such action as aforesaid to be brought in a military court of requests by any officer or soldier against any officer: Provided also, that the articles of military equipment of any defendant shall not be deemed " goods and " property " under this section.

Provisions 100. The government of any of the presidencies in India relating to may suspend the proceedings of any court-martial held in Ina on any officer or soldier belonging to Her Majesty's soldiers of Her Indian forces within such presidencies respectively; and if any Majesty's officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces shall think ndian orcea wr0nged by the officer commanding the regiment,

and shall upon due application made to him not receive the redress to which he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his commander-in-chief in order to obtain justice, who is hereby required to examine into such complaint, and thereupon, either by himself or by his adjutant general, to make his report to the government of the presidency to which such officer belongs, in order to receive the further directions of such government.

As to trial 101. Any officer or soldier, or other person subject to this of officers and Act, who shall be serving in the territories of any foreign fa state in India or in any country in India under the protection of Her Majesty, or at any place in Her Majesty's

Mutiny.

Ch. 4 *

63

dominions in India (other than Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, or Malacca), at a distance of upwards of one hundred and twenty miles from the presidencies of Port William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and who shall be accused of having committed any offence which, if committed in England, would be punishable by the criminal law there, may, if the same be also punishable under the Indian penal code for the time being, be tried by a general court-martial to be appointed by the general or other officer commanding in chief in such place for the time being, and, if found guilty, shall be liable to be sentenced by such court-martial to suffer such punishment as may legally be awarded by any of Her Majesty's courts of criminal jurisdiction within Her Majesty's dominions of India in respect of a like offence committed within the jurisdiction of such last-mentioned court; but no sentence of a general court-martial for any such offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been duly confirmed; and it shall be lawful for such general or other officer commanding in chief as aforesaid to confirm the sentence of any such general court-martial; and such general or other officer as aforesaid may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the sentence; or, in the case of a sentence of penal servitude, may commute the same to imprisonment, with of without hard labour, for such period as to him shall seem fit: Provided always, that in all cases wherein a sentence of death or penal servitude shall have been awarded by any such general court-martial held for the trial of a commissioned officer, or where a sentence of death shall have been awarded by any such general court-martial held for the trial of any person subject to this Act other than a commissioned officer, such sentence shall not be carried into execution until it shall have been duly approved by the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council of the presidency in the territories subordinate to which the offender shall have been tried: Provided also, that any person who may have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried for the same offence by any other court whatsoever.

No court-martial shall, in respect of the conduct of its proceedings, or the reception or rejection of evidence, be subject to the provisions of the " Indian Evidence Act, 1872," or any Act of any legislature, other than the parliament of the United Kingdom.

102. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great of

Britain from the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight 1 ct hundred and seventy-four inclusive until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the islands thereto belonging, from the first day of May one thousand

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and shall be and continue in force within the garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and shall be and continue in force in all other parts of Europe where Her Majesty's forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and shall be and continue in force in India, and within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its dependencies, Saint Helena* and the settlements on the western coast of Africa, from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island from the date of the promulgation thereof in general orders there inclusive until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six; and shall be and continue in force in all other

Elaces from the first day of February one thousand eight undred and seventy-six inclusive until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the receipt and promulgation thereof in general orders in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, become and be in full force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

Interpretation. 103. The words Commander-in-Chief in this Act shall be held to include the field-marshal or other officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces for the time being.

Amendment of 104. The sixth section of the Army Enlistment Act, 1870, Army Enlist- shall be amended as follows; that is to say, ment Act, i8<o. The Secretary of State may, from time to time, by any general or special regulation, permit recruits to be enlisted for particular regiments or corps, and in such case they shall be attached to such regiment or corps; and the word corps shall in this Act, and in the Army Enlistment Act, 1870, as to future enlistments, include a brigade constituted of two or more regiments associated by general order or royal warrant for the purposes of enlistment or service.

Militia may be 105. Her Majesty may, by order of one of her Principal attached to Secretaries of State, and subject to such conditions as may be regn ar oree*. (je^ermine(j by attach to any corps of the army in the United Kingdom any regiment or regiments of militia, and the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men (including the

Ch. 4.

Mutiny,

65

permanent staff) of any such regiment or regiments so attached shall be deemed for all purposes to form part of the corps to which* they are attached: Provided that no "person belonging to the militia shall be required to serve for a longer period, or in any other country, than that during and in which he might have been required to serve, or shall be liable to any greater punishment than that to which he might have been subjected, if this Act had not passed.

106. Her Majesty may, by order of one of her Principal Yeomanry or Secretaries of State, and subject to such conditions as may be determined by him, attach to any corps of the army in the regular forces. United Kingdom any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men (including the permanent staff) of any corps so attached shall be deemed for all purposes to form part of the corps of the army to which they are attached: Provided that no person belonging to the yeomanry or volunteers shall be required to serve in any other manner than that in which he might have been required to serve, or shall be liable to any greater punishment than that to which he might have been subjected, if this Act had not passed.

107. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, a Liability of soldier shall be liable to contribute to the maintenance of his 2^£u^wift. wife and of his children, and also to the maintenance of any and children^ bastard child of which he may be proved to be the father, to

the same extent as if he were not a soldier, but execution shall not issue against his military necessaries or equipments, nor shall he be liable to be imprisoned or taken out of Her Majesty's service in consequence of such liability or any order made for enforcing the same; nor shall he be liable to be punished as an idle or disorderly person, or as a rogue and vagabond, or as an incorrigible rogue, under the Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled An Act for the punishment of idle u and disorderly persons and rogues and vagabonds in that f(part of Great Britain called England," or under any other Act of Parliament, for the offence of neglecting to maintain his family or any member thereof, or of leaving his family or any member thereof chargeable to any parish, township, or place, or combination of parishes, or to the common fund of any union, nor shall he in Ireland be liable to be convicted under the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make provision for the punishment of " vagrants and persons offending against the laws in force for the relief of the destitute poor in Ireland," for the offence of deserting or wilfully neglecting to maintain his wife or any child whom he may be liable to maintain, so that such wife or child shall become destitute and be relieved in or out of the workhouse of any union in Ireland.

Ch. 4 *

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

When any order is made under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, or under the Bastardy Acte, on a soldier, <ar, in Scotland, decree is pronounced by a court #of law, having jurisdiction, in an action of aliment or filiation and aliment against a soldier, for the maintenance of his wife or children, or for the maintenance of any such bastard child as aforesaid, or any of such persons, or where, in Ireland, any civil bill decree has been made for the cost of the maintenance of any illegitimate child against any soldier being the putative father of such child, under the provisions of the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the law enabling Boards of Guardians to H recover costs of maintenance of illegitimate children in a certain cases in Ireland/' or when any order or decree has been made on or against any soldier for the recovery of the cost of any relief given to the wife or child of such soldier under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor in Ireland by way of loan, a copy of such order or decree shall be left at the office of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the said Secretary of State may withhold a portion not exceeding sixpence of the daily pay of a non-commissioned officer who is not below the rank of sergeant, and not exceeding threepence of the daily pay of any other soldier, and allot the sum so withheld in liquidation of the sum adjudged to be paid by such order or decree.

Where a summons is issued against a soldier under the said Acts or any of them, or an action is raised against him at common law or under any Act of Parliament, for the purpose of enforcing against him any such liability as aforesaid, and such soldier is quartered out of the petty sessional division in which the summons is issued, or out of the jurisdiction of the court in which the action is raised, the summons shall be served on his commanding officer, and such service shall not be valid unless there be left therewith, or along with the service copy thereof, in the hands of the commanding officer, a sum of money to be adjudged as costs incurred in obtaining the order or decree (should 'an order be obtained or decree pronounced against the soldier) sufficient to enable him to attend the hearing of the case and return to his quarters; and no summons whatever under the said Acts or any of them, or at common law, shall be valid against a soldier if served after the time at which an order has been given for the embarkation for service out of the United Kingdom of the body of troops to which the soldier belongs.

MWi

Mutiny.

Ch. 4.

67

SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

Fo*m of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make oath, that I am

by trade a and that was bound

to serve as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the term of

years; and that the said did on or about the day

of abscond and quit my service without my consent;

and that to the best of my knowledge and belief the said is aged about years. Witness my hand at

the day of one thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this

day of one thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. J A peace of certify, that

of came before me at the day

of one thousand eight hundred and,

and made oath that he was by trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an apprentice to him in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the

term of years; and that the said apprentice did on or

about the day of abscond and quit the service

of the said without his consent, and that to the

best of his knowledge and belief the said apprentice is aged about years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's colonies or possessions has absconded.

T of do make oath, that was

A bound to me to serve as an indentured labourer by indenture dated the day of for the term of years, and

that the said did on or about the day of

abscond and quit my service without my consent. Witness, [a* for apprentice.]

Ch. 4.

Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured Labourer.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. J A peace of certify, that of

came before me at the daj

of and made oath that was bound to serve

as an indentured labourer to him by indenture dated the day of for the term of years, and that

the said indentured labourer did on or about the day of abscond and quit the service of the said

without his consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

Ido solemnly and sincerely declare, that I have not applied any moneys or stores or supplies under my care or distribution to my own use, or to the private use of any other person by way of loan to such person or otherwise, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public purposes, according to the duly of my office.

Declared before me by the within-named this day of /

Justice of the Peace of

or commander-in-chief, or second in command, et ceetera, the army serving in et cetera [a#

the case mag be].

insert the l*uymaster's name.

(*) Describe the corps.

(*) If the Paymaster musters, insert me; if otherwise, state by whom the musters were taken, adding the words, 1o the beet of my knotoledge and belief.

(*> Insert the amounts in words.

Form of Declaration of a Paymaster's Accounts.

T (1) do solemnly and sincerely declare, that

A the commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and all other persons belonging to the (9) have been mustered

by (3) on the days prescribed, and in the manner

directed by the regulations of the service.

Also, that the present account contains charges of pay and allowances for only such commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and other persons belonging to the (*) as were effective

and entitled thereto during the periods set against their names, and that the true reason of every absence or circumstance affecting pay or allowances is also stated against their names and properly accounted for.

Also, that the sum for which I have taken credit in this account for the pay of commissioned officers has been actually paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the sums for which I have taken credit in this account, amounting to (4), have been actually

1874. Mutiny. Ch. 4.

and bonA fide disbursed by me in conformity with the regulations of the service, and that the total sum received or drawn for the several services therein charged, including every receipt whatever, with which I am required to debit myself in this account, is (4)

__________Paymaster.

Declared and subscribed before me, l__________a Justice of the

at this >

day of 187 . J Peace for -

Paymaster's Sureties. Premium on Policy of Guarantee.

Names. Addresses. Date when last paid. Date when next doe.

Certified,

____Paymaster.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Control Paymaster.

I HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, that this account, comprised in folios, is just and true, according to the

best of my knowledge, information, and belief; and make this declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

__________Control Paymaster a

Declared before me, at this day of

18

1 __________Justice of the

J Peace for__________

7« Ch. 4l

37 Vict.

Descriptive Return of on the day of

meut at on the

from the Bn. of the

W.O. Form 87* who* at

and was committed to confine-day of as a deserter

Regiment of

After the word " who " to be inserted either the words " was apprehended." or " surrendered himself," as the case may be.

Age -

Feet.

Height -

Inches.

Complexion

Hair

Eyes -

Marks -

In uniform or plain clothes

It should, if it Probable date of enlistment, and where* can be asoer-

tained.be herein- —

Probable date of desertion, and from

a recruit, whether 7

he received nay what place, other than enlist-

in* money, or -

cnltatinK; money Name, occupation, and address of the person by whom or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured, f

Particulars in the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what manner, and upon what grounds. The fullest possible details to be given.

t It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter, that this part of the return should be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the magistrate in his own handwriting, or, under his direction, by his clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my pre-t Insert gence that hej a deserter m thcfcase from ^e before-mentioned may be. corps, and I recommend§

for a reward of s.

Signature "I Residence > Post Town J

of committing Magistrate.

Signature of prisoner. Signature of informant.

§ It is requested that the magistrate will insert the name of the person to whom the reward is due, and the amount [to., 10a., lto., or 20a.,] which, in his opinion, should be granted in this particular case.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

71

CHAPTER 5.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[24th April 1874.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or merchant ships or vessels, or ships or vessels of Her Majesty, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty that an exact discipline be observed, and that marines who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of any other crime or offence in breach of or to the prejudice of good order and discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or Power to Lord the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to make, ordain, alter, Articles foriht and establish rules and Articles of War, under the hand of punishment of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the hands of any two n^n^de8er" or more of the said Commissioners for the better governmentton' of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and for the punishment of mutiny, desertion, immorality, breach of discipline, misbehaviour, neglect of duty, and any other offence or misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's dominions, or at any time when or under any circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the laws for the government of Her Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea, and for regulating the proceedings of courts-martial, which rules and articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and in all courts what-

72

CH. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

As to offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Limitation as to time.

Provisions of this Act to e\tmd to Jersey, Ac.

soever; and copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being (certified under his hand) to the judges of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the governors of Her Majesty's dominions abroad; provided that no person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which may be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

2. All crimes and offences committed against any former Act made for the regulation of the Royal Marine forces while on shore, or against any of the rules, regulations, or Articles

' of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every warrant for holding any court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full force notwithstanding the expiration of such Act; and all proceedings of any court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the expiration of the same: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the date of the commission or warrant for such trial, unless the person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that period, in which case such person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding two years after the impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any officer or marine in any place beyond the seas shall commit any of the offences punishable by court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such offence had been committed within this realm.

3. This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, as to the provisions herein contained for enlisting of recruits, whether minors or of full age, and swearing and attesting such recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the provisions for trial and punishment of officers and marines who shall be charged with mutiny and desertion or any other of

* 1874. Marine Mutiny, Off. 5. 73

the offences which are by this Act declared, to be punishable by the sentence of a court-martial, and also to the provisions which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, medals for good conduct or for distinguished or other service, clothes, military furniture, or regimental necessaries from any marine or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of any such clothes to be changed; and also to the provisions for exempting marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any parish any wife or child or children, or on account of any breach of contract to serve or work for any employer, or on account of any debts under thirty pounds in the said inlands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to The ordinary

extend to exempt any officer or marine from being proceeded law

against by the ordinary course of law when accused of felony interfered with, or misdemeanor, or of any misdemeanor other than the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money; and any commanding officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due application shall be made to him for that purpose, to deliver over to the civil magistrate any officer or marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any peace officer in apprehending any such offender, shall, upon conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any civil or military office or employment in Her Majesty's service; and a certificate of such conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No person subject to this Act having been acquitted or No person tried convicted of any crime or offence by the civil magistrate or by J>y1vil P?7*J the verdict of a jury shall be liable to be again tried for the £ courtnnar-same crime or offence by a court-martial, or to be punished tial for same for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the case of a commissioned officer, or in the case of a warrant officer by reduction to an inferior class, or to the rank of a private

marine, by order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or in the case of a non-commissioned officer, by reduction to the ranks, by order of the commandant of the division to which such non-commissioned officer may belong; and whenever any officer or marine shall have been tried before a court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, the clerk of the court or other, officer having the custody of the records of such court, or the deputy of such clerk, shall, if required by the officer commanding the division to which such officer or marine belongs, transmit to him a certificate containing the substance and effect only, omitting the formal part, of the indictment, con-

74

Ch. 5k

Marine Mutiny*.

37 Vict.

Marines to be subject to the discipline of the navy while on board ship.

Power to Lord High Admiral, &e. to grant commissions for holding general courts* martial, Ac.

viction, and entry of judgment thereon or acquittal of such officer or marine, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three shillings.

6. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall, during the time they shall be respectively borne on the books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's ships or vessels in commission, either as part of the complement or as supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the laws for the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea, and to the rules and discipline of the Royal Navy for the time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same manner as the officers and seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any marine officers or marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's ships, and be employed in military operations on shore, and when on such occasions the senior naval officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an order declaring that such marine officers and marines shall during such employment on shore be subject to the regulations of this Act, in which cases, and while such order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly for any offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and, with or without any commission or warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that purpose, the officer commanding in chief or commanding for the time being any such marine officers or marines shall have power and authority to convene, and to authorise any officer to convene, courts-martial under this Act, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the Royal Marine forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon himself such command: Provided always, that if any marine officer or marine so borne on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships or otherwise shall commit any offence for which he shall not be amenable to a naval court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same manner as other officers or marines may be tried and punished for the like offences under the authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a naval court-martial for the same.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to grant commissions Or warrants under the hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the hands of any two or more of the said Commie-

1874

Marmt Mutiny.

Cel 5.

78

skmers, for the bolding of general and other courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to justice, and to erect and constitute courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's garrisons or dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, and to grant commissions or warrants to the officer or officers commanding in chief or commanding for the time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other dominions, and in any foreign parts out of the same dominions, for convening, as well as for authorising any officer to convene, courts-martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the Royal Marine forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon himself such command, or before or after any. such commission or warrant shall be granted, provided that the officer so authorised be not below the degree of a field officer, except in detached situations beyond seas, where a captain may be authorised to convene district or garrison courts-martial; and Place where any person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the offences for which he may be liable to be tried by court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, or other place where he may have come or be after the commission of the offence, as if the offence had been committed where such trial shall take place.

8. Every general court-martial convened within the United Power of Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not lees than ^conrt#-nrne commissioned officers, each of whom shall have held a commission for three years before the date of the assembly of

the court. Every general court-martial shall have power to sentence any officer of marines or marine to suffer death, penal servitude, imprisonment, forfeiture of pay or pension, or any other punishment which shall accord with the usage of the service; but no sentence of death by a court-martial shall pass unless two thirds at least of the officers present shall concur therein. No sentence of penal servitude shall be for a period of less than five years, and no sentence of imprisonment shall be for a period longer than two years.

9. Every district or garrison court-martial convened within Powrn of the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not

less than seven commissioned officers, and shall have the same power as a general court-martial to sentence any marine to such punishments as shall accord with the provisions of this Act; provided that the sentence of a district or garrison court-

Ch. 5.

37 Vict .:

Marine Muivny.

Powers ot divisional and detachment courts-martial.

Courts-martial en line of march or in transport ships, &c.

Powers of detachment general courts-martial.

martial shall be confirmed by the general officer, governor, or senior officer in command of the district, garrison, island, or colony, and that no such district or garrison court-martial shall have power to try a commissioned officer, or to pass any sentence of death or penal servitude.

10. A divisional or detachment court-martial shall consist of not less than five commissioned officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that number, in which case three shall be sufficient, and shall have power to sentence any marine to corporal punishment or to imprisonment, and forfeiture of pay, in such manner as shall accord with the provisions of this Act.

11. In cases of mutiny and insubordination accompanied with personal violence or of other offences committed on the line of march, or on board any transport ship, convict ship, or merchant vessel, the offender may be tried by a divisional or detachment court-martial, and the sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the spot by the officer in immediate command, provided that the sentence shall not exceed that which a divisional court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any officer commanding any detachment or portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, upon complaint made to him of any offence committed against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in any country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces are so serving by any person under the immediate command of any such officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a detachment general court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three commissioned officers, for the trial of any such person, notwithstanding such officer shall not have received any warrant empowering him to assemble courts-martial; and every such court-martial shall have the same powers in regard to summoning and examining witnesses, trial of and sentence upon offenders, as are granted by this Act to general courts* martial: Provided always, that no sentence of any such detachment court-martial shall be executed until the officer commanding the army to which the division, brigade, detachment, or party to which any person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

Officers of the 13. When it is necessary or expedient, a court-martial corn-marine and posed exclusively of officers of the Royal Marines, or a court-slfin cortfunc^ martial composed of officers of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her lion on courts- Majesty's Indian Array, or of both or of either, together with mania]. officers of the Royal Marines, whether the commanding officer by whose order such court-martial is assembled belongs to the land or to the marine forces, may try a person belonging to any one of the said three services; provided that when the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

77

forces, then the provisions of this Act, or <9f such Act as shall be then and there in force for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, and the oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the proceedings of such court shall be regulated as if the court were composed of officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the provisions of the Act then and there in force for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and the oaths therein prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be out of the United Kingdom, the provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such officers and soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

14. Provided there be no superior officer of Her Majesty's land forces present in command of a district, garrison, station, or place where marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any officer of the Royal Marine corps of the degree of a field officer, and holding a commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, for that purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a district or garrison court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such court to proceed to try any marine or marines below the rank of commissioned officer for any of the offences cognizable by a district or garrison court-martial; but the sentence so awarded by any such court shall not be carried into effect until the senior officer of the Royal Marines in the district, garrison, station, or place, not being a member of the court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such superior officer of Her Majesty's land forces present in command of the district, garrison, station, or place where marines may be, in such case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such district or garrison court-martial for the trial of any marine or marines below the rank of a commissioned officer, and for such court-martial to try any such marine or marines in conformity with the provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance thereof; but the sentence which may be awarded

If no superior officer of land forces is present in command of a district, an officer of marines may convene a court-martial.

CbT. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

President of courts-martial

Proceedings at trial.

by any such court Vhich may be convened or assembled by any such superior fofficer shall not be carried into effect until such superior officer shall have confirmed the same.

15. The president of every court-martial shall be appointed by or under the authority of the officer convening such courts, and shall in no case be the confirming officer, or the officer whose duty it has been to investigate the charges on which the prisoner is to be arraigned, nor, in the case of a general court-martial, under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be had, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of a captain, save in the case of a detachment general court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's dominions, or of a divisional or detachment court-martial holden on the line of march, or on board a transport ship, convict ship, merchant vessel, or troop ship not in commission, or on any foreign station where a captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the case of a detachment general court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's dominions the officer convening such court may be the president thereof

16. In all trials by court-martial, as soon as the president and other officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their names shall be read over in the hearing of the prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the president or by any of such officers, and if the prisoner shall then object to the president, such objection, unless disallowed by two thirds at least of the other officers appointed to form the court, shall be referred to the decision of the authority by whom such president shall have been appointed; but if he object to any officer other than the president, such objection shall be decided by the president and the other officers so aforesaid appointed to form the court; and when the place of the president or other officer in respect of whom any challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some officer in respect of whom no challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the president and the other officers composing a general court-martial shall take the oaths in the schedule to this Act annexed before the judge advocate or his deputy or person officiating as judge advocate, and on trials by other courts-martial before the president of such court, who are hereby respectively authorised to administer the same, and any sworn member may administer the oath to the president; and as soon as the said oaths shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, the oath in the schedule to this Act annexed; and no proceeding or trial shall be had upon any offence but between the hours of eight of the dock in the

1874.

Mo/rme Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

79

morning and foui* in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example, and except in the East Indies, where such proceedings or trial may be had between the hours of six in the morning and four ni the afternoon.

17. All general and other courts-martial shall have power Swearing and and authority and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness or other person who shall b#examined before such court in any matter relating to any proceeding before the same; and every person, as well civil as military, who may be required to give or produce evidence before a court-martial, shall, in the case of general courts-martial, be summoned by the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, and in the case of all other courts-martial by the president of the court; and all persons so summoned and attending as witnesses before any court-martial shall, during their necessary attendance in or on such courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the court out of which the writ or process issued by which such witness was arrested; or if such court be not sitting, then by any judge of the superior courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such court or judge by any affidavit in a summary way that such witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such court-martial; and all witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the documents being under their power or control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give evidence or to answer all such questions as the court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, sheriff or stewart courts in Scotland, or in the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, garrisons, or dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon complaint made, in like manner as if such witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a trial in any proceeding in the court in which such complaint shall be made.

18. No officer or marine who shall be acquitted or con- No second trial, dieted of any offence shall be liable to be tried a second time ^j81011 by the same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and no finding, opinion, or sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional evidence in respect of any charge on which the prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the court on any revision.

Ch. 5. Marine Mutiny. 37 Vict.

Crimea punish- 18* If any person who is or shall be commissioned or in able with pay as an officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed

death. or pay a non-commissioned officer, drummer, or private

man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, shall at any time, during the continuance of this Act, while on shore in any place

within the said kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or ii^any foreign parts out of such dominions, or on board any transport ship, or merchant ship or vessel, or any ship or vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any convict hulk or ship, or any other ship or vessel, or in any place whatever, where or while being in any circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition in Her Majesty's marine or other forces, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress any such mutiny or sedition, or shall conspire with any other person to cause a mutiny, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny or intended mutiny shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post to deliver up to the enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak words or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer or any other to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his post; or shall hold correspondence with or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, pirate, or enemy of Her Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, tokens, or any other ways or means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any terms with any such rebel, pirate, or enemy, without the license of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the time being; or shall strike or use or offer any violence against his superior officer being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; or who being confined in a military prison shall offer any violence against a visitor or other officer being in the execution of his office, or shall violate any law or regulation of or relating to any military prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces; every person so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such offence be committed within this realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in foreign parts upon land or upon the sea, shall suffer death or penal servitude or such

1874. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 5, 81

other punishment as by a court-martial shall be awarded:

Provided always, that any non-commissioned officer or marine

in pay in any division or company who shall, without having

first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself

in any other division or company, or in any other branch,

of Her Majesty's service, may be deemed to have deserted

Her Majesty's service, and shall be liable to be punished

accordingly.

20. In all cases where the punishment of death shall have Commutation been awarded by a general court-martial or by a detachment

general court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if orimprison-in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for ment»&c* the commanding officer having authority to confirm the sentence, instead of causing such* sentence to be carried into execution, to order the offender to be kept to penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such term of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

21. Any officer or marine, or any person employed or in Embezzlement any way concerned in the care or distribution of any money, provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other stores tude, imprison-belonging to any of Her Majesty's forces or for Her Majesty's ment» &c. use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage,

steal, or receive the same knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a general court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such punishment of fine, imprisonment with or without hard labour, dismissal from Her Majesty's service, reduction to the ranks, if a warrant or non-commissioned officer, as such court shall think fit, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and every such offender shall, in addition to any other punishment, make good at his own expense the loss and damage sustained; and in every such . case the court is required to ascertain by evidence the amount of such loss or damage, and to declare by their sentence that such amount shall be made good by such offender; and the loss and damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any court in Her Majesty's colonies where the person sentenced by such court-martial shall be resident after the said judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the offender, if he shall remain in the service, may be put under stoppages not exceeding one half of his pay and allowances until the amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

22. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any sentence As to execution of penal, servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon

82

Os. 5.

37 Vies

Marin* Mutiny.

in the United Kingdom.

any offender by any court-martial shall be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence, or for any shorter term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to penal servitude any sentence of death which shall have been passed by any such court, such sentence, together with Her Majesty's pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by the Secretary to the Admiralty for the time being, to any justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Fleas, or baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such justice or baron shall make an order for the penal servitude of such offender upon the terms and for the time which shall be specified in such notification, and shall do all such other acts consequent upon such notification as any such justice or baron is authorised to make or do by any statute or statutes in force at the time of making any such orders in relation to penal servitude of offenders; and such order, and other acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such person in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, and by all other persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same consequences, as any order made under the authority of any statute with respect to any offender in such statute mentioned; and every shenff, gaoler, keeper, governor, or superintendent whom it may concern, and all, constables and other persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid order and orders* be assistant in the execution thereof, and be liable to the same punishment for disobedience to or for interrupting the execution of such order, as they would be if the same had been made under the authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every person so ordered to be kept in penal servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the penalties and provisions made by law and in force concerning persons under sentence of penal servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's pardon on condition of penal servitude; and from the time when such order of penal servitude shall be made every law and statute in force touching the escape of felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without leave, shall apply to such offender, and to all persons aiding, abettings contriving, or assisting in any escape or intended escape or the returning without leave of any such offender; and the judge who shall make any order of penal servitude as aforesaid shall direct the notification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and his own order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of record in the office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said clerk shall have a fee of two shillings and sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on application, deliver a certificate in writing (not taking more than two shillings and sixpence for the same) to such offender, or to any person applying in his or Her Majesty's behalfj showing the Christian and surname of such offender, his offence, the place where the

1874 Marine Mutvny. Ch. 5. 88

court was held before which he was convicted, the sentence, and the conditions on which the order of penal servitude was made; which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and of the sentence of such offender, and also of the terms in which such order for his penal servitude was made, in any court and in any proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in 9

Ireland to make an order that any such offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in penal servitude in England, and such order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such offender had been convicted in England and the order had been made by any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England.

23* Whenever any sentence of penal servitude heretofore As to execa-ar hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial holden in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, or colonies, elsewhere beyond the seas, is to be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence, or for any shorter term, or when sentence of death passed by any such court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to penal servitude, the same shall be notified by the officer commanding Her Majesty's forces at the presidency or station where the offender may come or be, if in India to the chief judge or any judge of the chief civil court of the presidency or province in which the court-martial has been held; and if in any other part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, to the chief justice or some other judge therein, who shall make order for the penal servitude or intermediate custody of such offender; and upon any such order being made it shall be duly notified to the governor of the presidency if in the East Indies, or to the governor of the colony if in any of Her Majesty's colonies, or to the person who shall for the time being be exercising the office of governor of such presidency or colony, who on receipt of such notification shall cause such offender to be removed or sent to some other colony or place, or to undergo his sentence within the presidency or colony where the offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the directions for the removal and treatment of convicts which shall from time to time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of her Principal Secretaries of State to such presidency or colony; and such offender shall, according to such directions, undergo the sentence of penal servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the presidency or colony in which he has been so sentenced or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under such sentence, in the same maimer as if he had been sentenced to

i

Ch. 5.

37 Vict.

Sentence of penal servitude m|y be commuted for imprisonment

Of forfeitures, when combined with penal

servitude.

Disposal of convict after sentence of penal servitude.

' Marini* Mutiny.

be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in such presidency or colony or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

24. In any case where a sentence of penal servitude shall have been awarded by a general or detachment general court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the offender be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, for such term not exceeding two years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

25. Where an award of any forfeiture, or of deprivation of pay, or of stoppages of pay shall have been added to any sentence of penal servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, in the event of the sentence being commuted for imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

26. When any sentence of death shall be commuted for penal servitude, or when any marine shall by court-martial be adjudged to penal servitude as authorised by this Act, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of the division to which such marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any gaol or prison, there to remain in safe custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due authority under an order for his penal servitude to be made by some justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and a certificate of his sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, (such certificate to be signed by the commanding officer of the division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient order, requisition, and authority to the governor, keeper, or superintendent of the gaol or prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such offender being so conveyed to gaol or prison the usual allowance of sixpence per diem, or such other sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any time or times direct, shall be made to the keeper of the gaol or prison for the subsistence of such offender during his detention therein, which allowance shall be paid by the paymaster of the division, upon production to

Marine Mutiny.

Oh* 5 *

85

him, by the said governor, keeper, or superintendent, of a declaration, to be made by him before one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace of such county, of the number of days during which the offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such gaol or prison.

27. No court-martial shall, for any offence whatever com- Power to inflict

mitted in time of peace within the Queen's dominions, have.

power to sentence any marine to corporal punishment: Pro- J^tain cases^ yided that any court-martial may sentence any marine to

corporal punishment while on active service in the field, or on board any ship not in commission, for mutiny, insubordination, desertion, drunkenness on duty or on the line of march; and no sentence of corporal punishment shall exceed fifty lashes.

28. It shall be lawful for any general, district, or garrison Power to inflict court-martial to award imprisonment, with or without hard

labour, and with or without solitary confinement, such con- Imprisonment, finement not exceeding the periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of War, and in case of a marine in addition to corporal punishment.

29. In all cases in which corporal punishment shall form Power to com-the whole or part of the sentence awarded by any court- mute corporal martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the pmuttonen United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, to commute such corporal punishment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding forty-two days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, or to mitigate such sentence, or instead of such sentence to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, and corporal punishment, to be inflicted in the prison, not exceeding twenty-five lashes, and the solitary confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no case exceed seven days at a time, with intervals of not less than seven days between each period of such confinement.

30. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all cases what- Power to com-soever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put mute a scn" in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in

addition thereto, to suffer such loss of army or regimental rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

3L Any general court-martial may, in addition to any Forfeiture of other punishment which such court may award, sentence any pay and pennon offender to forfeiture of all advantage as to additional pay, cout^umSj^ good conduct pay, and to pension on discharge, which might [tfo. 8. Price 2d.] H

m

CSLi.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

have otherwise accrued from the length of his former service, or to forfeiture of such advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past service, or might accrue from future service, or to forfeiture of any annuity and medal which may have been granted for former meritorious [service, or of the gratuity and medal awarded for former good conduct, and of all medals and decorations, according to the nature of the case; and any district or garrison court-martial may also, in addition to any punishment which such court may award, sentence any offender to such forfeiture for desertion, or for disgraceful conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other marine, whether at the instance of such other marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other person, with intent thereby to render himself or such other marine unfit for service:

In wilfully doing any act, or wilfully disobeying any orders, whether in hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating disease or infirmity, or delaying his cure:

In malingering or feigning disease:

In tampering with his eyes, with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service:

In stealing or embezzling Government property or stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any money or goods the property of a comrade, of a marine officer, or of any marine mess or band, or in receiving any such money or goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent accounts, returns, matters, or entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying public money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other offence of a felonious or fraudulent nature, to the injury of, or with intent to injure, any person, civil, marine, or military:

Or for any other disgraceful conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural kind.

Forfeiture of 32. Every marine who shall be found guilty by a court-imy on convie- martial of desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or fdon*861*1011 or ^7 other marine, whether at the instance of such other marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other person, with intent thereby to render himself or such other marine unfit for service, of tampering with his eyes with intent thereby to Tender himself unfit for service, such finding having been confirmed, or found guilty by a jury

1874,

Ch, K

vt

of felony in any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any crime or offence in any court of criminal judicature in any part of the United Kingdom, or in any dominion, territory, colony, settlement, or island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to felony, shall thereupon forfeit all advantage as to additional pay, good-conduct pay, and to pension on discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the length of his former service, in addition to any punishment which such court may award; and every marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to penal servitude, or discharged with ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all medals which he may be in possession of, whether for sea or field service or for good conduct, together with any annuity or pension or gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any sergeant reduced to the ranks by sentence of court-martial may, by the order of the same court, be made to forfeit any annuity or pension and medal for meritorious service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

33. If any non-commissioned officer or marine, by reason Forfeiture of of his imprisonment, whether under sentence of a court- pay when in martial or of any other court duly authorised to pass such confinement sentence, or by reason of his confinement for debt, or by reason of his desertion, or, being an apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his time with his master, shall have been absent from his duty during any portion of the time limited by his enlistment or re-engagement or prolongation of service, as herein-after provided, such portion of his time shall not be reckoned as a part of the limited service for which such non-commissioned officer or marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his time of service may have been prolonged; and no marine shall be entitled to pay, or to reckon or during ab-service towards pay or pension, when in confinement under a ^j^der sentence of any court, or during any absence from duty by Charge, or in commitment or confinement as a deserter by confession or arrest ror debt; under any charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by court-martial or by any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, or whilst in confinement for debt; and when any or when pri-marine shall be absent as a prisoner of war he shall not be 801161 of war; entitled to pay, or to reckon service towards pay or pension, for the period of such absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's serviod due inquiry shall be made by a court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of such court that the said marine was taken prisoner through wilful neglect of duty on his part, or that he had served with or under, or in some manner aided, the enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's service, he may thereupon be recommended by such court to receive either the whole of

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vicx.

or when convicted of desertion or absence without leave;

or when absent without leave.

Stoppages.

such arrears of pay, or a proportion thereof, and to reckon service during his absence; and any marine who shall be convicted of desertion, or of absence without leave, shall, in addition to any punishment awarded by the court, forfeit his pay for the day or days during which he was in a state of desertion, or during his absence without leave; and if any marine shall absent himself without leave for any period, and shall not account for the same to the satisfaction of the commanding officer, or if any marine shall be guilty of any other offence which the commanding officer may not think necessary to bring before a court-martial, the commanding officer may, in addition to any minor punishment he is authorised to award, order that such marine shall be imprisoned for such period not exceeding one hundred and sixty-eight hours, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as the said commanding officer may think fit, and such marine shall forfeit his pay for any day or days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said commanding officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such imprisonment and forfeiture, or any other punishment which he has authority to inflict, any marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his pay for the day or days during which he shall have so absented himself; and, in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid, the pay of the marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a court-martial for any offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer imprisonment, punishment, or forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any marine who shall be so ordered to suffer imprisonment or forfeiture of pay shall, if he so request, have a right to be tried by a court-martial for his offence instead of submitting to such imprisonment or forfeitureProvided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the payment of the whole or any part of the pay of any officer or marine during the period of absence by any of the causes aforesaid.

34. In addition to any other punishment which the court may award a court-martial may further direct that any offender may be put under stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any bounty fraudulently obtained by him by desertion from his corps and enlisting in some other corps or in the militia:

Any loss, disposal of, or damage occasioned by him in any of the instances of disgraceful conduct herein specified:

Any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to any property whatsoever occasioned by his wilful or negligent misconduct:

1874

Ma/ri^Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

89

Any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to his arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries, or any extra article of clothing or equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the recommendation of the surgeon for the benefit of his health, or making away with or pawning any medal or decoration for service or for general good conduct which may have been granted to him by order of Her Majesty or by order of the East India Company, or any medal or decoration which may have been granted to him by any foreign power, or any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to the arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries of any officer or marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent misconduct:

Any expense necessarily incurred by his drunkenness or other misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the case of the loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries, in which case the court may by its sentence direct that the said 'stoppages shall continue till the cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the amount of any loss, disposal, destruction, damage or injury, or expense, shall be ascertained by evidence; and the offender shall be placed under stoppages for such an amount only as shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court: Provided also, that when an offender is put under stoppages for making away with or pawning any medal or decoration, the amount shall be credited to the public, but the medal or decoration in question shall not be replaced except under special circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioner's for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

Provided also, that so much only of the pay of the marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the charges for messing and washing, leave him a residue at the least of one penny a day.

35. Whenever any marine shall have been convicted of Discharge with desertion or of any such disgraceful conduct as is herein- lgnominy' before described, and the court in respect of such disgraceful conduct shall have made the forfeiture of all claim to pension on discharge a part of the sentence passed on such marine, such court may further sentence him to be discharged with -ignominy from Her Majesty's service: Provided always, where an award of any of the forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of deprivation of pay, or of stoppages of pay, shall have been added to a sentence of transportation or penal servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or, if

* 0

CSh. 6.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vm

in the East Indies, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's land forces in India, in the event of the sentence of transportation or penal servitude being commuted to imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

Power of im- 36. A general or district or garrison court-martial may prisonment by sentence any marine to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and may also direct that such offender shall be kept courts-martial, in solitary confinement for any portion or portions of such imprisonment, in no case exceeding fourteen days at a time, nor eighty-four days in any one year, with intervals between the periods of solitary confinement of not less duration than such periods; and when the imprisonment awarded shall exceed three months, the court-martial shall imperatively order that the solitary confinement shall not exceed seven days in any one month of the whole imprisonment awarded, with intervals between the periods of solitary confinement of not less duration than such periods.

Power of im- 37. Any divisional or detachment court-martial may sentence

prisonment by any marine to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for detachment period not exceeding forty-two days, and may also direct

courts-martial, that such marine be kept in solitary confinement for any portion or portions of such imprisonment, not exceeding fourteen days at a time, with intervals between them of not less duration than such periods of solitary confinement: Provided always, that when any court-martial, whether general, garrison, or district, or divisional or detachment, shall direct that the imprisonment shall be solitary confinement only, or when any sentence of corporal punishment shall have been commuted to imprisonment only, the period of such solitary confinement shall in no case exceed fourteen days.

Imprisonment of offender already under sentence.

38. Whenever sentence shall be passed by a court-martial on an offender already under sentence, either of imprisonment or of penal servitude, the court may award sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude for the offence for which he is under trial to commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the terms of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which either of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Whenever Her Majesty, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial shall commute a sentence of penal servitude or corporal punishment to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence shall be so commuted shall at the time of such commutation be under sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, it shall be lawful to direct that such com *

M74. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 5.

muted sentence of imprisonment shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which such prisoner shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the term of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which either of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

39. Save as herein specially provided, every term of penal servitude or imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the day on which the original sentence and proceedings shall be signed by the president; and the place of imprisonment under the sentences of courts-martial shall be appointed by the court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lora High Admiral, or the commanding officer of the division to which the offender belongs or is attached, or the officer commanding the district, garrison, island, or colony.

40. In the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under sentence of a court-martial, or as part of commuted punishment, in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction or elsewhere, in any port of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being, in all cases, or for the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the division or the district or garrison in which such prisoner may be, to give, as often as occasion may tyrise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the case of any such prisoner, to give as often, as occasion may arise an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military or other custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in any part of Her Majesty's dominions there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of any prisoner who shall be removed by any such order Scowl any such prison, gaol, or house of correction, either within

Term and place of imprisonment.

Proviso for removal of prisoners.

92 Cfi. 5. Mamie Mutiny. 37 Vict.

the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other prison or place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the officer or authorities who gave such order shall also give an order in writing directing the governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of such other prison or place to receive such prisoner into his custody, and specifying the offence of which such prisoner shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and the hour on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any military prison in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or the general officer commanding the district or station in which the prison may be situated, shall have the like powers in regard to the discharge and delivery over of such prisoners to military or other custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the authorities above mentioned in respect of any prisoners undergoing confinement as aforesaid in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions; and such prisoner in any of the cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the production of any such order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the case may be: Provided always, that the time during which any prisoner under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial shall be detained in such military or other custody under such order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as imprisonment under the sentence, for whatever purpose such detention shall take place, and such prisoner may during such time, either when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal.

Custody of pn- 4L Every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of

soners under any public prison, or of any gaol or house of correction, in any SenwTm com- Par^ of Her Majesty's dominions, shall receive into his custody mon gaol*. any military offender under sentence of imprisonment by a general or other court-martial, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or from the officer commanding the division or detachment to which the offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which order shall specify the period of imprisonment or remainder of imprisonment which the offender is to

1874. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 5. 93

undergo, and the day and hour of the day on Which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time, under an order duly made for that purpose; and whenever marines are called out in aid of the civil power, or are stationed in billets, or are on the line of march, every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement shall receive into his custody any marine for a period not exceeding seven days, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the officer commanding such marine; and any governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver* over, any marine offender in the manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

42. The gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Subsistence of of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in cnmo]s any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall diet and supply

every marine imprisoned therein under the sentence of a court-martial or as a deserter with fuel and other necessaries according to the regulations of such place of confinement, and shall receive on account of every marine during the period of his imprisonment one shilling per diem, or such other sum bb the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may attoy time or times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the subsistence of such marine, upon application in writing signed by any justice within whose jurisdiction such place of confinement shall be locally situated together with a copy of the order of commitment, and which sum of one shilling per diem, or such other sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed. A sentence of imprisonment or of penal servitude passed either by a court-martial or by any court of criminal jurisdiction upon any person subject to this Act shall be in no respect affected by such person ceasing to be subject to this Act by discharge or otherwise at any time after the passing of such sentence; but the discharge of such person shall not be deemed in any manner to affect the provisions for the cost of his maintenance while undergoing a sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, as Otherwise enacted.

43. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Notice to be

of correction, or other place of confinement, to whom any 8}Ye?ofe*:

71 v piration of nn-

94 Ch. 5. Marine Mutiny. 37 Vict.

prisonment in notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason to

common gaols, know or believe, that any person in his custody for any debt or contempt, or upon any charge or for any offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a marine, shall on receiving him into custody give notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the expiration of the period of the confinement or imprisonment of such marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty one months notice of the period of such expiration of confinement or imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient time for a month's notice, then the longest practicable notice thereof, specifying the day and hour of the day on and at which he is to be released; and for every default of giving either or any of such notices such gaoler or person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and moreover every gaoler or other person having such immediate inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of custody, with all convenient speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such marine either unto the officer commanding at the nearest head quarters of the Royal Marines or to the officer commanding Her Majesty's ship to which any such marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by waiting under the hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the officer commanding at the nearest head quarters of the Royal Marines, or the officer commanding Her Majesty's ship to which any such marine may belong, shall, by waiting under his hand, direct that such marine be delivered to some other officer or person, in which case he shall be delivered to such other officer or person accordingly, and the officer or person to whom such marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such gaoler or person delivering up such marine a certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the receipt of such marine, and, if such gaoler or other person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such marine, specifying the place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such gaoler or person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such marine shall, upon the production of such certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the sum of one shilling per mile, and no more, for conducting* conveying, and delivering any such marine as aforesaid; and every such gaoler or other person having such immediate inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such marine as aforesaid shall for every such misconduct or offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds. In all cases where the marine in custody is under sentence to be discharged from the service on the completion of his term of imprisonment, and the discharge document is in the hands of the gaoler, such gaoler

1874.

Ch. 5.

95

shall not be required to make any report thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Deputy Adjutant General of Marines.

44. Every military prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be deemed to be public prisons within the meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces; and any officer or marine convicted by a court-martial may be sent, by order of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, to any such military prison, there to undergo such punishment as may be awarded by the sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an order, as in the case of a discharge or removal from any other prison under this Act

45. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every division or company of Royal Maxines once in every calendar month, as shall be appointed; and no officer or marine shall be absent from any such muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other duty of the corps, or sick, or in prison, or on furlough; and every person belonging to Her Majesty's service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue certificate thereby to excuse any person from any muster or other service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or juntrue muster of man or horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false muster or duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any money or gratuity for mustering any person, or for signing any muster roll or duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any person by a wrong name, shall, upon proof by two witnesses before a general court-martial, for any such offence be sentenced to be cashiered: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all cases whatsoever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such loss of rank as may be deemed expedient; and any person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon proof thereof by the oaths of two witnesses before some justice of the peace residing near to the place where such muster shall be made, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and the informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any person not belonging to Her Majesty's service shall give or sign any untrue certificate of illness or otherwise in order to excuse any officer or marine from appearance at any muster, or whereby Her Majesty's service

Military prisons established under any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion in the army to be deemed public prisons.

Musters, and penalty on false musters.

Marine Mutiny.

1)6

Verifying of muster rolls.

Trials for desertion after subsequent re-enlistment.

Apprehension of deserters.

Ch. 5.

37 Vict.

may be defrauded, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

46» All muster rolls and pay lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon oath shall be sworn before and attested by any justice of the peace, without fee or reward to himself or his clerk.

47. Every marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for desertion from any corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another corps, and be a deserter therefrom; and whether such marine shall be tried for deserting from the corps to which he may of right belong, or from the corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other desertion, every desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the time be taking his trial may, if duly stated in the charges, be given in evidence against him on such trial.

48. Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter it shall be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be immediately met with, then for any officer or marine or soldier in Her Majesty's service, or other person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any justice living in or near the place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the county, city, district, place, or borough wherein such place i* situate, or for the county adjoining such first-mentioned county or such borough; and such justice is hereby authorised and required to inquire whether such suspected person is a deserter, and from time to time to defer the said inquiry, and to remand the said suspected person, in the manner prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, section twenty-one, and subject to every provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, by the testimony of one or more witnesses taken upon oath, or by the confession of such suspected person, confirmed by some corroborative evidence upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil custody to the head quarters of the division or depdt to which he belongs, or to the nearest military station, or to the nearest or most convenient prison, police station, or other place legally provided for the temporary confinement of persons in custody, or delivered to a party of marines in charge of a non-commissioned officer as to him may seem most expedient having regard to the safe custody of such deserter; and such justice shall transmit an account of the proceedings to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the manner in

1874. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 5. 97

which he has so disposed of such deserter, to the end that the person so committed may be proceeded against according to law; and such justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a report stating the names of the persons by whom or by or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such justice an order upon the proper department for the payment of the sum of twenty shillings as a reward to the person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such information, commitment, and report as aforesaid the clerk of the said justice shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and no more; and every gaoler and other person into whose custody any person charged with desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the receipt of the person so charged into his custody, pay such fee of two shillings, and shall notify the fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a copy of the commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order repayment of such fees; and that when any such person shall be apprehended and committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public prison, if the detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such port, or if the detachment be in such part, the justice may deliver him into custody at the nearest military post, although the detachment to which such person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such military post, if within reasonable distance; and such justice shall in every case transmit to the officer commanding a description return in the form prescribed in the schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such person may be removed by the order of such officer, and proceeded against according to law; and such description return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence of the facts and matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such person so com- Transfer of xnitted as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's dominions deserters, shall, subject to the provisions hereinafter contained, be liable to be transferred, by order of the colonel commandant or other officer commanding, to serve in any division, corps, detachment, or party nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other division, corps, detachment, or party to which the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such transfer of service to be tried and punished os a deserter.

49. For and in respect of any marine attempting to desert Penalty on from any head quarters, the party or parties by whom he shall marines at- I

98

ChiS.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

tempting to desert from head quarters.

Temporary custody of deserters in gaols.

Fraudulent confession of desertion.

24 & 25 Vict c. 96.

be apprehended shall be entitled to a reward of ten shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such marine, which sum of ten shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the pay and subsistence of every such marine.

50, Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in any part of Her Majesty's dominions is hereby required to receive and confine therein every deserter who shall be delivered into his custody by any marine or other person conveying such deserter under lawful authority, on production of the warrant of the justice of the peace on which such deserter shall have been taken, or some order from the Admiralty, which order shall continue in force until the deserter shall have arrived at his destination; and such gaoler or keeper shall be entitled to one shilling for the safe custody*of the said deserter while halted on the march, and to such subsistence for his maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

51. Any person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's forces, or the embodied militia* shall to any officer, or subordinate, warrant, petty, or noncommissioned officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, shall be liable to be tried by any court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the sentence thereof; and any person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any offence, shall in the presence of the justice confess himself to be a deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, whether such person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a marine or not; or in case such person shall not be a deserter from the Royal Marine forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other corps for any cause whatever, or shall be incapable of service* he shall, on conviction thereof before two justices of the peace at or near, the place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a rogue and vagabond, and if elsewhere by commitment to some prison or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money under false pretences within the true intent and meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the session holden in the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend " the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny

. " and other similar offences," or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

, xlv>

Cbl 5.

99

guilty of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition; and every person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining money under false pretences, or of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, (as the ease may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the confession and receiving subsistence as a marine by such person shall be evidence of the false pretence, or of the falsehood, fraud, and imposition, (as the case may be,) and of the obtaining money to the amount of the value of such subsistence, and the value of such subsistence s6 obtained may be charged in the indictment as so much money received by such person; and in case such person shall have been previously convicted of the like offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a rogue and vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by commitment, for making a fraudulent confession of desertion, such former conviction may be alleged in the indictment, and may be proved upon the trial of such person; and in such indictment for a second offence it shall be sufficient to state that, the offender was at a certain time and place convicted of obtaining money under false pretences as a deserter, for making a fraudulent confession of desertion, without otherwise describing the said offence; and a certificate containing the . substance and effect only (omitting the formal part) of the indictment and conviction of the former offence, purporting to be signed by the clerk of the court or other officer having the custody of the record of the court where the offender was first convicted, or by the deputy of such clerk, or by the clerk of the convicting magistrates, shall, upon proof of the identity of the person of the offender, be sufficient evidence of the first conviction, without proof of the signature or official character of the person appearing to have signed such certificate; and if the person so confessing himself to be a deserter shall be serving at the time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all justices and gaolers as a deserter.

52. Any person who shall, in any part of Her Majesty's Punishment dominions, by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any marine to desert or absent himself from his desert duty without leave from his commanding officer, or attempt to procure or persuade any marine to desert or absent himself from his duty, and any person who, knowing that any marine is absent from his duty without leave from his commanding officer, shall harbour or conceal such marine, or aid or assist such marine in concealing himself, or aid and assist in his rescue, or aid or assist him to desert, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof before any two justices acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such offender shall at any time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the common gaol or house of

100 Ch. 5. Marine Mutiny. 37 Vict.

correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justices shall think fit

Extension of furlough in case of sick* ness.

53. When there shall not be any officer of Her Majesty's land or marine forces of the rank of captain or of a superior rank, or any adjutant of militia, within convenient distance of the place where any non-commissioned officer or marine, not borne on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships or vessels in commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on furlough, shall be detained by sickness or other casualty rendering necessary an extension of such furlough, it shall be lawful for any justice who shall be satisfied of such necessity to grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall immediately certify such extension, and the cause thereof, to the commanding officer of the division or detachment to which the man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary allowance of pay and subsistence may be remitted to the marine, who shall not during the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any marine from trial and punishment according to the provisions of this Act for any false representation made by him in that behalf to the said officer or justice so extending the furlough, or for any breach of discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said extension of furlough.

Marines liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only for felony and certain misdemeanors, or for debts amounting to 30/. and upwards;

but not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service for debts under 30L, or for breach of contract.

54. Any person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces as a marine, or who has received marine enlistment money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only by process or execution on account of any charge of felony, or on account of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money, or on account of an original debt proved by affidavit of the plaintiff or of some one on his behalf to amount to the value of thirty pounds at the least over and above all costs of suit, such affidavit to be sworn, without payment of any fee, before some judge of the court out of which process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorised to take affidavits in such court of which affidavit, when duly filed in such court, a memorandum shall, without fee, be endorsed upon the back of such process, stating the fact sworn to, and the day of filing such affidavit; but no marine or other person as aforesaid shall be liable by any process whatever to appear before any justice of the peace or other authority whatsoever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's service by any writ, summons, order, warrant, judgment, execution, or any process whatever issued by or by the authority of any court of law, or any magistrate, justice or justices of the peace, or any other authority whatso-

1874. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 5. 101

ever, for any original debt not amounting to thirty pounds, or for the breach of any contract, covenant, agreement, or other engagement whatever, by parol or in writing, or for having left or deserted his employer or master, or his contract, work, or labour; and all summonses, warrants, commitments, indictments, convictions, judgments, and sentences, on account of any of the matters for which it is herein declared that a marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all intents and purposes; and any judge of any such court may examine into any complaint made by a marine or by his superior officer, and by warrant under lus hand discharge such marine, without fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable costs to such complainant, who shall have for the recovery thereof the like remedy as would have been applicable to the recovery of any costs which might have been awarded against the complainant in any judgment or execution as aforesaid, or a writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the discharge of any such marine out of custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any plaintiff, upon notice of the cause of action first given in writing to any marine or left at his last quarters, may proceed in any action or suit to judgment, and have execution other than against the body or marine necessaries or equipments of such marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a master or employer, or to the breach of any contract, agreement, or engagement, shall apply to persons who shall be really and bonft fide apprentices duly bound under the age of twenty-one years as herein prescribed.

65. No person who shall be commissioned and in full pay Officers not to as an officer in the Royal Marine forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be sheriff, and no such officer and no non-commissioned officer of such forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a constable, or overseer, guardian of any union, or any officer of a like description, of any county, hundred, riding, city, borough, town, division, parish, or other place, or to be mayor, portreeve, alderman, or to hold any office in any municipal corporation in any city, borough, or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a grand or petit or other juror or upon any inquest, and any summons for him to attend to serve as a grand or petit or other juror or upon an inquest shall be null and void; and every such person is hereby exempted from attendance and service in accordance with any such summons and from all fines, pains, and penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

Questions to be pat to recruits on enlisting.

Recruits when deemed to be enlisted.

When recruits to be taken before a justice.

Dissent and relief from enlistment.

Attesting of recruits.

Ch. 5. Marine Mutiny. 37 Vict.

56. Every person authorised to enlist recruits for the Royal Marines shall first ask the person offering to enlist whether he belongs to any and what force in Her Majesty's service, and also such other questions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to such persons, and in case of a recruit shall, immediately after giving him enlisting money, serve him with a notice in the form set forth in the schedule to this Act annexed.

57. Every person who shall receive enlisting money in manner aforesaid shall upon such receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a marine in Her Majesty's service, and while he shall remain with the recruiting party shall be entitled to be billeted.

58. Every person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within ninety-six hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlistment, appear, together with some person employed in the recruiting service, before a justice of the peace, not being an officer of the marines, for the purpose of being attested as a marine, or of objecting to his enlistment.

59. When a recruit, upon appearing before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, shall dissent from or object to his enlistment, and shall satisfy the justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the recruit absolutely, and shall report such discharge to the commandant of the division for which the marine shall have enlisted; but if the recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the justice that the enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless upon repayment of the enlisting money and of any sum received by him in respect of pay or allowances, and of a further sum of twenty shillings as smart money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the sum paid by such recruit upon his discharge shall be kept by the justice, and, after deducting therefrom one shilling as the fee for reporting the payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said commandant, shall be paid over to any person belonging to the recruiting party who may demand the same; and the justice who shall discharge any recruit shall in every case give a certificate thereof, signed with his hand, to the recruit, specifying the cause thereof.

60. If the recruit on appearing before a justice shall not dissent from his enlistment, or dissenting shall within twenty-four hours return and state that he is unable to pay the sums mentioned in the last section, he shall be attested as follows: the justice, or some person deputed by him, shall read to the recruit the questions set forth in the form contained in the schedule to this Act annexed, cautioning him that if he fraudulently make any false answer thereto he shall be liable

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

10S

to be punished as a rogue and vagabond, and the answers of the recruit shall be recorded opposite to the said questions, and the justice shall require the recruit to make and sign the declaration in the said form, and shall then administer to him the oath of allegiance in the said form; and when the recruit shall have signed the said declaration and taken the oath, the justice shall attest the same by his signature, and shall deliver to the recruiting officer the declaration so signed and attested, and the fee for such attestation, including the declaration and oath, shall be one shilling and no more; and any recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified copy of the above-mentioned declaration by the officer who finally approved of him for the service.

6L No recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall Recruits until Lave received pay other than enlisting money, shall be liable atSted^or^11 to be tried by court-martial; but if any person, previously to received pay his being attested or enrolled, shall by means of any false not triable by answer obtain enlistment or other money, or shall make any false statement in his declaration, or shall refuse to answer any cases punish-question duly authorised to be put to him for the purpose of able 88 rogues filling up such declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go and vagal>onds' before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, or having in the case of a recruit dissented from his enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such money as aforesaid, in any of such cases it shall be lawful for any two justices within the United Kingdom, or for any one justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to adjudge him to be a rogue and vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, to be imprisoned with hard labour in any prison or house of correction for any period not exceeding three calendar months. And any marine who shall have given any false answer at the time of or relative to his becoming a marine shall forfeit all pay, wages, and other moneys, be the same naval, marine, or otherwise, which he might otherwise have been entitled to for any period of service in the Royal Marines.

62. Any person who shall have been attested or enrolled. Attested refund who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any f1*8 triable wilfully false answer to any question directed to be put by the ^er before . proper authorities, or shall have made any wilfully false state- two justice mentin the declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, or ^fore . at the discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said 00X1 Commissioners, to be proceeded against before two justices in the manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a district or garrison court-martial for the same, and punished in such manner as such court shall

104 Ch, 5. Marine Mutiny. 37 Vict.

direct, and the declaration made by such person on his attestation or enrolment, purporting to be made in accordance with the schedule to this Act annexed, or with the regulations of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence, whether before such justice or justices, or before any court-martial, of such person having represented the several particulars as stated in such declaration.

Recruits 63. If any recruit shall abscond so that it is not possible

absconding. immediately to apprehend and bring him before a justice for attestation, the recruiting party shall produce to the justice before whom the recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that purpose a certificate of the name and place of residence and description of such recruit and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the justice to whom such certificate shall be produced shall transmit a duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty in order that the same may appear in the " Police Gazette." For the purposes of this section and all purposes of attestation and enlistment a justice of any county or borough shall be deemed to be a justice of any other county or borough.

64. If any man while belonging to a militia regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a court-martial on a charge for desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the confession thereof by such militiaman, or on other proof thereof, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a stoppage of one penny a day of his pay for eighteen calendar months, and in case such militiaman shall have belonged to the militia reserve at the time of his attestation he shall be subjected to a further stoppage of one penny a day for two hundred and forty days, to be applied as the Secretary of State for War shall direct, and further to determine whether such man shall be returned to his militia regiment after such sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a marine in the same manner as he would have been if he had not been a militiaman at the time of his attestation: Provided also, that every soldier who, while belonging to a militia regiment, enlisted in Her Majesty's Royal Marines, whether such enlistment took place before or after the passing of the Mutiny Act, 1860, shall reckon service towards the performance of his limited engagement from the date of his attestation: Provided also, that any such soldier shall not reckon service for pension until the day on which his engagement for the militia would have expired; but if any such soldier shall, subsequently to his enlistment, have rendered long, faithful, or gallant service, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may, upon the special recommendation of the Deputy Adjutant General, Royal

As to militiamen enlisting into regular forces.

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

105

Karines, order that he may reckon service for pension from the date of his attestation.

66. If any non-commissioned officer of the volunteer per- Volunteer permanent staff shall enlist into the Royal Marines, he may be tried and punished as a deserter, but if he confesses his deser- ii8ting into tion the Secretary of State for War, instead of causing him regular forces, to be tried and punished as a deserter, may cause him to be returned to his service on the volunteer permanent staff, to be there put under stoppages from his pay until he has repaid the amount of any bounty received by him, and the expenses attending his enlistment, and also the value of any arms, &c. issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him, or may cause him to be held to his service in the Royal Marines with a direction, if it seems fit, that his term of service therein shall not be reckoned for pension until the time when his engagement on the volunteer permanent staff would have expired, and may further cause him to be put under stoppages of one penny a day of his pay until he has repaid the expense attending his engagement or attestation on the volunteer permanent staff, and also the value of any arms, clothing, or appointments issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

66. Every person subject to this Act who shall wilfully Penalty on act contrary to any of its provisions in any matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of recruits for Her Majesty's lSment. service shall be liable to be tried for such offence by a general or other court-martial, and to be sentenced to such punishment, other than death or penal servitude, as such court may award.

67. It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace or person As to re-en-exercising the office of a magistrate within any of Her Majesty's li8tmentabroad* dominions abroad, or for the officer commanding any ship or

vessel of Her Majesty on the books of which any marine may be borne, or on board of which any such marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the commanding officer of any battalion or detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne' on the books of any one of Her Majesty's ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, if such marine be considered by such commanding officer, justice, or magistrate a fit person to continue in Her Majesty's service; and every such commanding officer, justice, or magistrate shall have the same powers in that behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to justices of the peace in the United Kingdom for all such purposes of enlistment and attestation, and any marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested marine.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Apprentices 68. Any person duly bound as an apprentice who shall SaWeto serve en^ er Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and shall falsely after the expi- state to the magistrate before whom he shall be carried and ration of their attested that he is not an apprentice, shall be deemed guilty apprenticeship. of obtaining money by false pretences, if in England or in Ireland, and of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the expiration of his apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a marine according to the terms of the enlistment, and if on the expiration of his apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some officer authorised to receive recruits, such person may be taken as a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces.

Claims of 68. No master shall be entitled to claim an apprentice

aronmtices who en^ as a marine in Her Majesty's service unless

such master shall, within one calendar month next after such apprentice shall have left his service, go before some justice, and take the oath mentioned in the schedule to this Ant annexed, and at the time of making his claim produce to the officer under whose command the recruit shall be the certificate of such justice of his having taken such oath, which certificate such justice is required to give in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full term of five years, (not having been above the age of fourteen years when so bound,) and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full term of five years at the least, (not having been above the age of sixteen when so bound,) and, if in Scotland, for the full term at least of four years, by a regular contract or indenture of apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both parties by the law of Scotland prior to the period of enlistment, and unless such contract or indenture in Scotland shall, within three months after the commencement of the apprenticeship and before the period of enlistment, have been produced to a justice of the peace of the county in Scotland wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such justice a certificate or declaration signed by him specifying the date when and the person by whom such contract or indenture shall have been so produced, which certificate or declaration such justice of the peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such apprentice shall, when claimed by such master, be under twenty-one years of age: Provided always, that any master of an apprentice indentured for the sea service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such apprentice may have been bound for a less term than five or four years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such master who shall give up the indentures of apprenticeship within one month after the en-

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

CiL 5.

107

fisting of such apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own use, so much of the bounty payable to such recruit as shall not have been paid to such recruit before notice given of his being an apprentice.

70. No apprentice claimed by his master shall be taken No apprentice

from any division, detachment recruiting party, or ship of claimed by the tt i .% master shall be

Her Majesty, except under a warrant of a justice residing ^en away

near and within whose jurisdiction such apprentice shall then without a war-

happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such

justice shall inquire into the matter upon oath (which oath

he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the

production and proof of the indenture, and that notice of the said warrant has been given to the commanding officer, and a

copy thereof left with some officer or non-commissioned officer

of the party, and that such person so enlisted declared that he

was no apprentice; and such justice, if required by such officer Punishment or non-commissioned officer, shall commit the offender to the enlisting^68

common gaol of the county, division, or place for which such

justice is acting, and shall keep the indenture to be produced

when required, and shall bind over such person as he may think proper to give evidence against the offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the sessions immediately succeeding

the next general or quarter sessions of such county, division, or

place, unless the court shall for just cause put off the trial;

and the production of the indenture, with the certificate of

the justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient

evidence of the said indenture; and every such offender in

Scotland may be tried by the judge ordinary in the county

or stewartry in such and the like manner as any person may

be tried in Scotland for any offence not inferring a capital

punishment: Provided always, that any justice not required as

aforesaid to commit such apprentice may deliver him to his

master.

71. No person who shall for six months, and either before Removal of or after the passing of this Act, have received pay and be borne doubts as to on the strength and pay list of any division of Her Majesty's 0

Royal Marine forces, of which the last quarterly pay list (if produced) shall be evidence, or been borne as a marine on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships in commission, shall be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of error or illegality in his enlistment or attestation or re-engagement, or on any other ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, attested, or re-engaged, as the Case may be.

72. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and Power to also for the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, to give orders for withholding the pay of any be withheld, officer or marine for any period during which such officer or

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Billeting of marines.

marine shall be absent without leave, or improperly absent from his duty, or in case of any doubt as to the proper issue of pay to withhold it from the parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a determination upon the case.

73. And whereas there is and may be occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine forces when on shore: Be it enacted, that during the continuance of this Act, upon the order or orders in writing in that behalf under the hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the hands of two or more of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or upon the order or orders in writing in that behalf under the hand of any colonel commandant or commanding officer of any division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all constables and other persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the officers and marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all staff and field officers horses, and all b&t and baggage horses belonging to the Royal Marine forces, when on actual service, not exceeding for each officer the number for which forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, in victualling houses and other houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than two men in any one house; and they shall be received by the occupiers of the houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such victualler with proper accommodation in such houses, and with a separate bed for each marine, or if any victualler shall not have sufficient accommodation in the house upon which a marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient quarters to be provided by such victualler in the immediate neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with diet and small beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with stables, oats, hay, and straw for such horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after provided; and at no time when marines are on their march shall any of them be billeted above one mile from the place mentioned in the route, care being always taken that the billets be made out for the less distant houses in which suitable accommodation can be found before making out billets for the more distant; and in all places where marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the officers and their horses shall be billeted in one and the same house, except in case of necessity; and the constables are hereby required to billet all marines on their march in the manner required by this Act upon the occupiers of all houses within one mile of the place mentioned in the route, and whether they be in the same or a different county in like manner in every respect as if such houses were all locally situated within such place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to

1874. Marine Mutiny, Ch. 5.

authorise any constable to billet marines out of the county to which such constable belongs when the constable of the adjoining county shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due proportion of men in such adjoining county; and no more billets shall at any time be ordered than there are effective marines and horses present to be billeted; all which billets, when made out by such constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present, or to the non-commissioned officer on the spot; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue proportion of marines billeted in his house, and shall prefer his complaint, if against a constable or other person not being a justice, to one or more justices, and if against a justice, then to two or more justices, within whose jurisdiction such marines are billeted, such justices respectively shall have power to order such of the marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other persons as they shall see cause; and when any horses belonging to the officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall be billeted upon the occupiers of houses who shall have no stables, then, upon a written requisition of the officer commanding such marines, the constable is hereby required to billet the horses upon some other person or persons having stables, and who are by this Act liable to have officers and marines billeted upon them, and any two or more justices of the peace may order a proper allowance to be paid by the persons relieved to the persons receiving such horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite accommodation; and the commanding officer may exchange any man or horse billeted in any place with another man or horse billeted in the same place, for the convenience or benefit of the service, provided the number of men and horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively, and the constables are hereby required to billet sucfh men and horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any justice, at the request of any officer or non-commissioned officer commanding any marines requiring billets, to extend any route, or to enlarge the district within which billets shall be required, in such manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all abuses in billeting marines, it shall be lawful for any justice, within his jurisdiction, by warrant or order under his hand, to require any constable to give him an account in writing of the number of officers and marines who shall be quartered by such constables, together with the names of the persons upon whom such officers and marines are billeted, stating the street or place where such persons dwell, and the signs, if any, belonging to the houses: Provided always, that no officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no justice being an officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

37 Vict.

be concerned in billeting or appointing quarters under this Act.

Allowance to 74. The innholder or other person on whom any marine is innkeepers. billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such marine, furnish him for every day on the march, and for a period not exceeding two days, when halted at any intermediate place upon the march, and for the day of the arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal in each day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previously to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vegetables, and two pints of small beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper, and for such meal the innholder or other person furnishing the same shall be paid the sum of .tenpence, and twopence halfpenny for a bed; and all innholders and other persons on whom marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the march in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such'marines with a bed and with candles, vinegar, and salt, and shall allow them the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the sum of fourpence per diem for each marine; and the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person on whom any of the horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw, shall be one shilling and ninepence per diem for each horse; and every officer or non-commissioned officer commanding a division, detachment, or party shall every four days, or before they shall quit their quarters if they shall not remain so long as four days, settle and discharge the just' demands of all victuallers or other persons upon whom such officers, marines, or horses are billeted, out of the pay and subsistence of such officers and marines, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such officer or non-commissioned officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then upon complaint and oath made thereof by any tyro witnesses before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place where such quarters were situate, sitting in quarter or petty sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon certificate of the justices before whom such oath shall be made of the sum due to complainant, to order payment of the amount which shall be charged against such offioer; and in case of any marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the commanding officer or non-commissioned officer not being enabled to make payment of the sums due on account of billets, every such officer or non-commissioned officer shall before his de-

1874.

Ma/ri'M Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

Ill

parture make up the account with every person upon whom any such marines may have been billeted, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the account of such officer or non-commissioned officer.

75. For the regular provision of carriages for the Royal Supply of Marine forces and their baggage on their marches in Great camages* Britain and Ireland, all justices of the peace within their several jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by order of the said Lord High Admiral, or two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any colonel commandant or commanding officer of a division of Royal Marines, shall, on the production of such order, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to them or any one or more of them, by the officer or non-commissioned officer of the party of marines so ordered to inarch, issue a warrant to any constable having authority to act in any place from, through, near, or to which such marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which warrants a fee of one shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the carriages, horses, oxen, and drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient time to do the same,) specifying the places from and to which the said carriages shall travel, and the distance between the places, for which distance only so specified payment shall be demanded, and which distance shall not, except in cases of pressing emergency, exceed the day's march prescribed in the order of route, and shall in no case exceed twenty-five miles; and the constables receiving such warrant shall order such persons as they shall think proper, having carriages, to furnish the requisite supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient carriages cannot be procured within the proper jurisdiction, any justice of the next adjoining jurisdiction shall, by a like course of proceeding, supply the deficiency; and in order that the burden of providing carriages may fell equally, and to prevent inconvenience arising from there being no justice residing near the place where marines may be quartered on the march, the justice or justices residing nearest to such place shall cause a list to be made out, at least once in every year of all persons liable to furnish such carriages, and of the number and description of their said carriages, which list shall at all seasonable hours be open to the inspection of the said persons, and shall by warrant under his hand authorise the constables within his jurisdiction to give orders to provide carriages without any special warrant from him for that purpose, which orders shall be valid in all respects; and all orders for such carriages shall be made from such lists in regular rotation, so far as the same can be done.

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Rates for carriages.

76. In every case in which the whole distance for which any carriage shall be impressed shall be under one mile the rate of a full mile shall be paid; and the rates to be paid for carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every mile which a waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen or four oxen and two horses, shall travel, one shilling; and for every mile any waggon with narrow wheels, or any cart with four horses, carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, ninepence; and for every mile every other cart or carriage with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, sixpence; and in Ireland for every hundredweight loaded on any wheel carriage one halfpenny per mile; and in Great Britain such further rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional sum per mile of fourpence, threepence, or twopence to the respective rates of one shilling, ninepence, and sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the justices assembled at general sessions for their respective districts, or to the recorder at the sessions of the peace of any municipal city, borough, or town; and the order of such justices or recorder shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such additional rates, and the period for which the order shall be enforced, not exceeding ten days, beyond the next general sessions; and no such order shall be valid unless a copy thereof, signed by the presiding magistrate and one other justice, or by the recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within three days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the day's march shall exceed fifteen miles, the justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation not exceeding the usual rate of hire fixed by this Act; and when additional rates or compensation shall be granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the warrant the amount thereof, and the date of the order of sessions, if fixed by sessions, and the warrant shall be given to the officer commanding as his voucher; and the officer or non-commissioned officer demanding carriages by virtue of the warrant of a justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper sums into the hands of the constable providing carriages, who shall give receipts for the same on unstamped paper; and, in Ireland, the officers or non-commissioned officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper sums to the owners or drivers of the carriages, and one third part of such payment shall be made before the carriage be loaded, and all the said payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in presence of a justice or constable; and no carriage shall be liable to carry more than thirty hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no car shall be liable to carry more than six hundredweight, and no dray more than twelve hundredweight; but the owner of such carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater weight shall be paid at the same

1874

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

113

rate for every hundredweight of the said excess; and the owners of such carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less weight, under the sum of threepence a mile for each car and sixpence a mile for each dray; and the loading of such carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable time without hindrance of Her Majesty's service: Provided also, that a cart, with one or more horses, for which the furnisher shall receive ninepence a mile, shall be required to carry fifteen hundredweight at the least; and that no penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to highways or turnpike roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the number of horses or oxen or weight of loading of the aforesaid carriages, nor shall any such carriages on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress carriages for the march of marines from Dublin at least twenty-four hours notice of such march, and in case of emergency as long notice as the case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional number of cars and drays at his discretion out of the licensed cars and drays and other cars and drays within the county of the said city, and they shall by turns be employed on this duty at the prices and under the regulations herein-before mentioned; and no country cars, drays, or other carriages coming to markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the will of the owners in carrying the baggage of marines on any pretence whatever.

77. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the As to supply Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, carriages,

vvUlUlloOlv/UCi u ILIA CACvUUiXLg WIv Ulilvv Ui iJvlU AvUiliACU^ o 7

or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, bjr^'J^80

their or his orders distinctly stating that a case of emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the chief secretary or under secretary, or the first clerk in the military department, to authorise any commanding officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces in any district or place, or to the chief acting agents for the supply of stores and provisions, by writing under his hand, reciting such order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all justices within their several jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their warrants for the provision, not only of waggons, wains, carts, and cars kept by or belonging to any person and for any use whatsoever, but also of saddle horses, coaches, postchaises, chaises, and other four-wheeled carriage^ kept for hire, and of all horses kept to draw carriages licensed to carry passengers, and also of boats, barges, and other vessels used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river as shall be mentioned in the said warrants, therein specifying

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vice

Justices of peace to direct payment of sums expended for carriages, &c.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may depute persons to sign routes.

Exemption from tolls.

the place and distance to which such carriages or vessels shaft go; and on the production of such requisition, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to such justice, by any officer of the corps ordered to be conveyed, such justice shall take all the same proceedings in regard to such additional supply so required on such emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary provision of carriages; and all provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary supply of carriages, and the duties of officers and non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, and owners of carriages in that behalf, shall be to all intents and purposes applicable for the providing and payment according to *the rates of posting or of hire usually paid for such other description of carriages or vessels so required on emergency, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river, or lock tolls, which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such carriages and vessels while employed in such service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the baggage, provisions, and military stores of such detachment, but also the officers, marines, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same.

78. It shall be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled at their quarter sessions to direct the treasurer to pay, without fee, out of the public stock of the county or riding, or if such public stock be insufficient then out of moneys which the said justices shall have power to raise for that purpose, in Hke manner as for county gaols and bridges, such reasonable sums as shall have been expended by the constables within their respective jurisdictions for carriages and vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring the same, regard being had to the season of the year and the condition of the ways by which such carriages and vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such justices shall direct such payments to be made out of the rogues money and assessments directed and authorised to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the session holden during the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two.

79. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the time being of Ireland to depute, by warrant under his hand and seal, some proper person to sign routes in cases of emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces in Ireland in the name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

80. All officers and marines on duty or on their march, ' being in proper uniform, dress or undress, and their horses

1874

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

115

And baggage, and all recruits marching by route, and all prisoners under military escort, and all carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when employed in conveying any such persons as aforesaid or their baggage or stores, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the payment of any duties and tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay, or landing place, or in passing along or over any turnpike or other roads or bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any prescription, grant, or custom, or by virtue of any Act or ordinance, order or direction, of any colonial legislature or other authority in any of Her Majesty's colonies; and if any toll collector shall demand or receive toll from any marine officer or marine on duty or on their march who shall be in proper uniform, dress or undress, or for their horses, and who by this Act is exempted from payment thereof, or from any recruits marching by route, or from any prisoners under military escort, or for any carriages or horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, when conveying persons or baggage or stores, or returning therefrom, every such collector shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any boats, barges, or other vessels employed in conveying the said persons, horses, baggage, or stores along any canal from payment of tolls in like manner as other boats, barges, and vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in cases of emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any officers or marines on service shall have occasion in the march by route to pass regular ferries in Scotland, the officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his marines as passengers, paying for himself and each marine one half only of the ordinary rate payable by passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the ferry boat for himself and his party, debarring all others for that time, and shall in such case pay only half the ordinary rate for such boat.

81. Every marine upon being discharged from the service Marching shall be entitled to an allowance (not exceeding in any case "joney on dis the amount of twenty-one days marching money) to enable arge* him to reach his home, ofr the place at which he shall at the time of his discharge decide to take up his residence, if the cost of conveyance to such a place shall not exceed the cost of conveyance to the place of his original enlistment, which allowance shall be calculated according to the distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no person who shall purchase his own discharge, or be discharged on account of misbehaviour, or at his own desire, before the expiration of his period of service, shall be entitled to any such allowance.

116

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

renal ties upon civil subjects offending against the laws relating to billets and carriages.

Penalty upon officers of marines so offending

82. If any constable or other person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any officers or marines in any part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such officer or marine in any house not within the meaning of this Act without the consent of the owner or occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any officer or marine on duty when thereunto required in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any money or reward whatsoever in order to excuse any person from receiving any such officer or marine; , or shall quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine in any such houses against the consent of the occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices as shall be directed to him for providing carriages, horses, or vessels, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same; or if any person ordered by any constable in manner herein-before directed to provide carriages, horses, or vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the orders of such constable, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same, or shall do any act or thing by which the execution of any warrants for providing carriages, horses, or vessels shall be hindered; or if any person liable by this Act to have any officer or marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such officer or marine, or to afford him proper accommodation or diet in the house of such person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several things directed to be furnished to officers and marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient stables, together with good and sufficient oats, hay, and straw in Great Britain and Ireland, for each horse, in such quantities and at such rates as herein-before provided, or if any innkeeper or victualler not having good and sufficient stables shall refuse to pay over to the person or persons who may provide stabling such allowance by way of compensation as shall be directed by any justice of the peace, or shall pay any sum of money to any marine on the march in lieu of furnishing in kind the diet and small beer to which such marine is entitled; such constable, victualler, and other person respectively shall forfeit for every offence, neglect, or refusal any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings; and if any person shall personate or represent himself to be a marine or marine recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a billet or money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty shillings.

83. If any officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any justice, constable, or other civil officer tending to deter and discourage

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5 *

117

1874.

any of them from performing any part of their duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such officer shall for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any military employment in Her Majesty's service; provided a certificate of such conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the conviction be affirmed at some quarter sessions of the peace for the said county to be held next after the expiration of three months after such certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any marine officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any person any money or reward for excusing the quartering of officers or marines, or shall billet any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine in any house against the consent of the occupier, he shall for any of the said offences, upon being convicted thereof before a general court-martial, be cashiered; and if any officer shall constrain any carriage to travel beyond the distance specified in the justice's warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home on the same day if it be practicable, except in the case of emergency for which the justice shall have given license, or shall compel the driver of any carriage to take up any marine or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride therein, except in cases of emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any constable, by threatening words, to provide saddle horses for himself or servants, or shall force horses from their owners, or in Ireland shall force the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable time, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner or his servant, permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings.

84. Every marine officer or marine who shall, without Penalty for warrant from one or more of Her Majesty's justices, forcibly

enter into or break open the dwelling-house or outhouse of deserters with-any person whomsoever in pursuit of any deserters, shall, upon out warrant, due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

85. Any person who shall knowingly detain, buy, or ex- Penalty for change, or otherwise receive from any marine or marine de-

serter, or any other person acting for or on his behalf, upon ^Tom any account or pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or marine, entice any marine or marine deserter, or shall be employed by any marine or marine deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any arms, ammunition, medals for good conduct or distinguishment or other service, marine clothes, or military

118

Ch. 5.

37, Vict.

Marine Mutiny.

furniture, or any other articles which, according to the custom of the marine corps, are generally deemed regimental or divisional necessaries, or any provisions, sheets, or other artides used in barracks or provided under barrack regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the marine or marine deserter or other person be or be not borne on the books of any one of Her Majesty's ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her possession or keeping any arms, ammunition, medals, marine clothes, or military furniture, or any other articles which, according to the custom of the marine corps, are generally deemed regimental or divisional necessaries, or any provisions, spirits, sheets, or other articles used in barracks or provided under barrack regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the colour or marie of any such clothes, appointments, necessaries, sheets, or other articles to be changed or defaced, or who shall pawn, sell, or deposit in any place or with any person such articles of regimental necessaries, with or without the consent of such marine, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of all or any of the several articles; and if any person having been at any time previously convicted of either of the above offences under this or any previous Act for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore shall afterwards be guilty of any such offence, he or she shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds but not less than five pounds, and the treble value of all or any of the several articles, and shall, in addition to such forfeiture, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be im-

1>risoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without bard abour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justice or justices shall think fit; and upon any information against any person for a second or any subsequent offence a copy of the former conviction, certified by the proper officer having the care or custody of such conviction, or any copy of the same proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove such former conviction; and if any credible person shall prove, on oath before a justice of the peace or person exercising like authority according to the laws of that part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed, a reasonable cause to suspect that any person has in his or her possession or on his or her premises any property of the description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such offence shall have been committed, such justice may and he is hereby required to grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods; and if upon such search any such property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such warrant, who shall bring the offender in

Marine Mutiny.

Cil 5.

119

whose possession the same shall be found before the same or any other justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law.

86. Every person (except such recruiting parties as may Penalty on be stationed under military command) who shall cause to be unlaTj^ advertised, posted, or dispersed bills for the purpose of pro- 1 gm curing recruits or substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall

open or keep any house or place of rendezvous or office, or receive any person therein under such bill or advertisement as connected with the marine recruiting service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without permission in writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admirkl, shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

87. For the better preservation of the game and fish in or Penalty on near places where any officer shall at any time be quartered,

every officer who shall, without leave in writing from the person or persons entitled to grant such leave, take, kill, or destroy any game or fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

88. If any action shall be brought against any member or Limitations of members of a court-martial to be assembled under the authority action8,

of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, in respect of the proceedings or the sentence thereof, or against any other person, for anything done in pursuance or under the authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some one of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within six months next after the cause of action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants therein, or in any such action now pending, to plead thereto the general issue, and to give all special matter in evidence on the trial; and if the verdict shall be for the defendant in any such action, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the court shall see fit to assoilzie the defendant or dismiss the complaint, the court in which the matter shall be tried shall allow the defendant treble costs, for the recovery of which he shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

89. All offences for which any pecuniary penalty or for- Recovery of feiture not exceeding twenty pounds, over and above any penalties, forfeiture of value or treble value, is by this Act imposed,

shall and may be heard and determined by any justice of the peace in or near to the place where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender may at any time happen to

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Appropriation of penalties.

be; and all such penalties and forfeitures, and forfeiture of value and treble value, and also the reasonable costs attending the prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same manner as any pecuniary penalties may be recovered under the provisions of an Act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the " performance of the duties of justices of the peace out of " sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary " convictions and ordersProvided always, that in all cases in which there shall not be sufficient goods whereon any penalty or forfeiture or treble value can be levied, the offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding six calendar months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the recovery of all such penalties and forfeitures or treble value as fully to all intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the proceedings at petty sessions, and the duties of " justices of the peace out of quarter sessions in Ireland," to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the penalties and forfeitures of value or treble value recovered, before any justices of the peace or persons exercising like authority, according to the laws of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed or the offender may at any time happen to be, and for default of payment the offender shall be punished as if the offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and aJl penalties and forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding twenty pounds shall be recovered by action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, in any of the royal or superior courts of such isles or other parts of Her Majesty's dominions. In any proceeding under this Act whereby any person incurs a penalty or forfeiture, such person may also be adjudged to pay the costs of such proceedings by the justice or justices or the court imposing such penalty or forfeiture.

90. One moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture, not including any treble value of any articles, shall go to the person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other moiety, together with the treble value of such articles, or, where the offence shall be proved by the person who shall

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

121

inform, then the whole of the penalty and such treble value, shall be paid over and applied in such manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for'executing the office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the fi & 6 W. 4. " regulation of municipal corporations in England and Wales/' c* 76' or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every justice who shall adjudge any penalty under this Act shall within four days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

01* It shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace. Licenses of within their respective jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any canteei1*-license for selling by retail any spirit, beer, wine, cider, or perry to any person or persons applying for the same who shall hold any canteen under any lease thereof, or by agreement with any department or other authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, without regard to the time of year, or any notices or certificates required by any Act in respect of such licenses; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper officers within, their respective districts shall also grant or transfer any such license as aforesaid; and such persons holding such canteens, and having such licenses as aforesaid, may sell therein victuals, and all such exciseable liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any penalty or forfeiture whatever.

92. The statement made by a recruit on his attestation of Mode of his place of birth shall (until legally disproved) be taken to recording a be the place of his settlement, to which upon his discharge he 8 may be sent by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, but any justice in the United Kingdom, within whose jurisdiction any marine shall be quartered on shore, may summon such marine before him, which summons such marine is hereby required to obey, and take his examination in writing upon oath touching the place of his last legal settlement; and such justice shall give" an attested copy of such examination to the person so examined, to be by him delivered to his commanding officer to be produced when required; which said examination and such attested copy thereof shall be at any time admitted as good and legal evidence as to such legal settlement before any justice or at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, although such marine be dead or absent from the kingdom: Provided always, that in case any marine shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such examination or such attested copy being produced, such marine L

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Liability of marine to main tain wife and children.

shall not be obliged to make any other or further oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave with such justice a copy of such examination or a copy of such attested copy of examination, if required.

93. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, a marine shall be liable to contribute to the maintenance of his wife and of his children, and also to the maintenance of any bastard child of which he may be proved to be the father, to the same extent as if he were not a marine; but execution shall not issue against his military necessaries or equipments, nor shall he be liable to be imprisoned or taken out of Her Majesty's service in consequence of such liability, or any order made for enforcing the same; nor shall he be liable to be punished as an idle or disorderly person, or as a rogue and vagabond, or as an incorrigible rogue, under the Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled "An Act for the punishment ic of idle and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds," in that part of Great Britain called England/' or under any other Act of Parliament, for the offence of neglecting to maintain his family or any member thereof, or of leaving his family or any member thereof chargeable to any parish, township, or place, or combination of parishes, or to the common fund of any union; nor shall he, in Ireland, be liable to be convicted under the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make provision for the " punishment of vagrants and persons offending against the " laws in force for the relief of the destitute poor in Ireland, v for the offence of deserting or wilfully neglecting to maintain his wife or any child whom he may be liable to maintain, so that such wife or child shall become destitute and be relieved in or out of the workhouse of any union in Ireland.

When any order is made under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, or under the Bastardy Acts, on a marine, or, in Scotland, decree is pronounced by a court of law having jurisdiction in an action of aliment or filiation and aliment against a marine for the maintenance of his wife or children, or for the maintenance of any such bastard child as aforesaid, or any of such persons, or where, in Ireland, any civil bill decree has been made for the cost of the maintenance of any illegitimate child against any marine being the putative father of such child, under the provisions of the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the law enabling boards of guardians to " recover costs of maintenance of illegitimate children in " certain cases in Ireland," or when any order or decree has been made on or against any marine for the recovery of the

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

123

cost of any relief given to the wife or child of such marine under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor in Ireland by way of loan, a copy of such order or decree shall be left at the office of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, and the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral may withhold a portion not exceeding sixpence of the daily pay of a non-commissioned officer who is not below the rank of sergeant, and not exceeding threepence of the daily pay of any other marine, and allot the sum so withheld in liquidation of the sum adjudged to be paid by such order or decree.

Where a summons is issued against a marine under the said Acts, or any of them, or an action is raised against him at common law or under any Act of Parliament, for the purpose of enforcing against him any such liability as aforesaid, and such marine is quartered out of the petty sessional division in which the summons is issued, or out of the jurisdiction of the court in which the action is raised, the summons shall be served on his commanding officer, and such service shall not be valid unless there be left therewith, or along with the service copy thereof, in the hands of the commanding officer, a sum of money to be adjudged as costs incurred in obtaining the order or decree (should an order be obtained or decree pronounced against the marine) sufficient to enable him to attend the hearing of the case, and return to his quarters; and no summons whatever under the said Acts or any of them, or at common law, shall be valid against a marine if served after the time at which an order has been given for his embarkation for service out of the United Kingdom.

94. All oaths and declarations which are authorised Or Administration required by this Act may be administered (unless where other- Oaths* wise provided) by any justice of the peace Or other person

having authority to administer oaths and declarations; and any person giving false evidence, or taking a false oath or declaration where an oath or declaration is authorised or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall be liable to such pains and penalties as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every commissioned officer convicted before a general court-martial of perjury shall be cashiered, and every marine or other person amenable to the provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a general or other court-martial shall be punished at the discretion of such court: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an oath necessary in any case where by law a solemn affirmation may be made instead thereof

95. All clauses and provisions in this Act contained re- Definition of lating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales term8,

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vict.

Marines not to be billeted in private houses, &c.

Duration of Act

and to the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as an officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer or marine; and all clauses and provisions relating to marines shall be construed to include non-commissioned officers and drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all clauses and provisions relating to justices shall be construed to extend to all magistrates authorised to act as such in their respective jurisdictions; and all the powers given to and regulations made for the conduct of constables, and all penalties and forfeitures for any neglect thereof, shall extend to all tithingmen, headboroughs, and such-like officers, and to all inspectors or other officers of police, and to high constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and places in England and Ireland, and to all justices of the peace, magistrates of burghs, commissioners of police, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, parishes, and places in Scotland, who shall act in the execution of this Act; and all powers and provisions for billeting marines in victualling houses shall extend and apply to all inns, hotels, livery stables, alehouses, and to the houses of sellers of wine by retail, whether British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, to all houses of persons licensed to sell beer, ale, porter, cider, or perry by retail, to be consumed or drunk in their dwelling-houses or premises, and to all houses of persons selling brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheglin by retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then marines may be billeted in such manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no officer or marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private houses, or in any canteen held or occupied under the authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon persons who keep taverns only, being vintners of the city of London admitted to their freedom of that company in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, notwithstanding such persons who keep such taverns only have taken out victualling licenses; nor in the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and strong waters; nor in the house of any shopkeeper whose principal dealings shall be more in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such houses; nor in the house or residence in any part of the United Kingdom of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

96. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man,

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5,

125

and the islands thereto belonging, from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive; and within the garrison of Gibraltar, and within the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive; and in all other parts of Europe where Royal Marine forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive; and in all other places from the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the receipt and promulgation thereof in general orders in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, become and be in full force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the I evidence in the matter now before you. So help you GOD. VOU shall duly administer justice, according to the rules and articles for the better government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and according to an Act now in force for the regulation of the said forces while on shore, without partiality, favour, or affection, and if any doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said articles or Act, according to your conscience, the best of your understanding, and the custom of war in the like cases: And you shall not divulge the sentence of the court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court of justice or a court-martial in a due course of law. So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

Ido swear, that I will not, upon any account whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court of justice or a court-martial in a due course of law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due discharge of my official duties, disclose the sentence of the court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

l!

126

Ca 5.

Marine Mutiny.

37 Vice.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment,

Date 18

A.B.

rFAKE notice, that you enlisted with at

1 o'clock* on the day of for the

Royal Marines, and if you do not come forward to [here name some place] on or before o'clock* on the

day of for the purpose of being taken before a justice,

either to be attested or to release yourself from your engagement by repaying the enlisting shilling and any pay you may have received as a recruit, and by paying twenty shillings as smart money, you will be liable to be punished as a rogue and vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same punishment if you make any wilfully false representations at the time of attestation.

Signature of the non-commissioned officer serving the notice. J

At a.k. or p.m., as the case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

I now residing in the parish of

in the county of, do solemnly and sincerely

declare, that to the best of my knowledge and belief I was born in the parish of (a) in or near the town of (h)

in the county of (c), and am years of

age; that I am of the trade or calling of [or of no

trade or calling, as the case may be]; that I am not an apprentice; that I am married (that I am not a widower; that I am a widower, and that I have (or have not) children) [or not married, as the case may be]; that I do not belong to the militia, or to the naval coast volunteers, or royal naval volunteers, or to any portion of Her Majesty's land or sea forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by land or sea in any military, marine, or naval employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked

with the letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's service on any previous enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the day of

18, at o'clock m. by of

and that I have read [or had read to me] the notice then given to me and understood its meaning; that I enlisted for a bounty of and a free kit [as the

case may be], and have no objection to make to the manner of my enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the term of [the blank after the words (i term of" to be filled up with twelve years, if the person enlisted is of the age of eighteen years or upwards; but if under that age, then the difference between his age and eighteen is to be added to such twelve years], provided Her Majesty should so long require my services, and

Ch. 5,

127

Marine Mutiny.

also for such further term, not exceeding two years, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign station,

— ---- Signature of recruit.

__________Signature of witness.

Note (a), (£), (c). — These blanks need not be filled up if the recruit is unable to give the requisite information.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

IDO make oath, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors; and that I will, as in duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in person, crown, and dignity, against all enemies, and will observe and obey all orders of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and of the generals and officfers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my hand, __________Signature of the recruit,

__________ Witness present.

Declared and sworn before me at this day of one thousand eight hundred and at o'clock

__________Signature of the justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

Ido declare, that I am at present [or was, as the case may be, -] in the division of the Royal

Marine forces; that I enlisted on the day of

for a term of years; that I am of the age of

years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, as a marine, for a further term of years [to he filled

up with such number of years as shall he required to complete a total service of twenty-one years], provided my services should so long be required, and also for such further term, not exceeding two years, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign station.

__________Signature of marine,

__________Signature of witness.

Declared before me this of 18

day

128

Ch. 5.

Marine Mutrny.

37 Vict.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has

absconded.

T of do make oath, that I am by

trade a, and that was bound

to serve as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of for the term of

years; and that the said did on or about the

day of last abscond and quit my service without my consent,

and that to the best of my knowledge and belief the said is aged about years. Witness my hand at

the day of one thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at day of eight hundred and this! one thousand >

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. j 1 peace of certify, that of

came before me at the day of

one thousand eight hundred and, and made oath

tha^ he was by trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an apprentice to him in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the

term of years; and that the said apprentice did on or

about the day of abscond and quit

the service of the said without his consent, and that

to the best of his knowledge and belief the said apprentice is aged about years.

1874.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 5.

129

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

surrendered himself, as the case may be] on the day

of and was committed to confinement at on the

day of as deserter from the Royal Marines *

Age -

Feet. Inches.

Probable date of enlistment, and where

Probable date of desertion, and from^ what place -

el /Name and occupation and address of the person by whom or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured -

Particulars of the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what \ manner, and upon what grounds -

It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter, that this part of the return should be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the magistrate in his own handwriting, or, under his direction, by his clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to file circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my presence that he f a deserter from the above-mentioned corps.

— Signature and address of magistrate,

— Signature of prisoner.

— ---- Signature of informant.

t Insert" is " or " is not," as the case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the prisoner, and consider him J for military service.

* Signature of military medical officer, or of private medical practitioner.

i Insert *fltM or "unfit, as the case may be; and, if unfit, state the cause of unfitness.

130

Ch. 6.

Cattle Disease (Ireland).

37 Vict.

29 & 80 Y id. C. 4.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 36.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Cattle Disease in Ireland.

[21st May 1874.]

WHEREAS by " The Cattle Disease Act (Ireland), 1866, power was given to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors in Ireland, in the manner in the said Act mentioned, to make such orders and regulations as to him or them might seem necessary for the more effectually preventing the spreading of contagious or infectious disease amongst cattle, and for the other purposes in the said Act mentioned; and by the said Act provision was made for defraying the expenses necessary for the purpose of carrying the said Act into execution, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned, by means of a rate to be assessed, subject to the limitations and in the manner prescribed by the said Act, upon the several Poor Law unions in Ireland in proportion to the net annual value of the rateable property therein, according to the valuation in force for the time being:

And whereas by the said Act provision was made in case the amount so assessed should be insufficient that such further sums as should be required should be raised by means of further rates to be assessed subject to the limitations and in the manner prescribed by the said Act; and in case occasion should not arise for the application to the purposes aforesaid of the whole or any part of any moneys so raised, then that all such moneys, or the remaining balance of the same, should be paid over to the treasurers of the said Poor Law unions, and be applied in manner provided by the said Act:

And whereas the purposes to which such moneys might be applied under the authority of the said Act were extended, and the said Act was amended by " The Cattle Disease (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870

And whereas under the authority and for the purposes of the first-recited Act a certain sum of ^money was raised, but inasmuch as there was only occasion to expend for the said purposes a part of such sum, the balance was paid over to the treasurers of the said unions respectively, as provided by the said Act:

And whereas a further sum being now required to be raised for the purposes of the said Act, doubts have arisen whether the powers in that behalf conferred by the recited Acts apply to and include cases where a portion of the previous levy has been paid over to the treasurers of unions, and it is expedient such doubts should be removed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1874.

Cattle Disease (Ireland).

Ch. 6, 7.

131

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Cattle Disease (Ireland) Acts Amendment Act, 1874," and the recited Acts and this Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Cattle Disease (Ireland) Acts, 1866-1874."

2. It is hereby declared that the provisions of section Amendment of thirteen of "The Cattle Disease Act (Ireland), 1866," extend

and. apply to each and every case in which, for the purposes c# 4# , c ' of carrying into execution The Cattle Disease (Ireland) Acts,

1866-1874 *, and for the purposes therein mentioned, any sum of money shall be required, whether such case shall arise after the disbursement of any sum or sums raised under the provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, or after the repayment of any such sum or sums, or any part thereof, to the treasurers of Poor Law unions under the said provisions.

Provided always, that no certificate or order under the authority of the said section thirteen of "The Cattle Disease Act (Ireland), 1866," shall authorise the assessment at any one time of more than one halfpenny in the pound on the net annual value of the rateable property in any Poor Law union, according-to the valuation in force for the time being.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the payment of the Assistant Judge of the Court of the Sessions of the Peace for the county of Middlesex, and his deputy, and the Chairman of the Second Court at such Sessions.

[21st May 1874.]

WHEREAS under the enactments specified in the third column of the first schedule to this Act power is given to Her Majesty to appoint an Assistant Judge of the court of the sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex, but the provision made by the said enactments for the payment of such judge has determined by reason of the resignation of the person who recently held the office of such Assistant Judge: And whereas under the said enactments the Assistant Judge is required, whenever the court of the sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex divide the court, to appoint a person to preside as chairman with the justices appointed to sit apart in the second court, but no provision is thereby made for the payment of such chairman:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision, in manner herein appearing, for the payment of the said Assistant Judge and chairman, and for the appointment and payment of the deputy of such Assistant Judge:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

132

Ch. 7.

Middlesex Sessions.

37 Vier.

Construction of Act.

Short titles.

Salary of Assistant Judge.

Deputy of Assistant Judge.

Payment of chairman of second court

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the enactments specified in the first schedule to this Act, and, together with those enactments, may be cited as " The Middlesex Sessions Acts, 1844 to 1874/* and this Act may be cited separately as The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1874," and each of the Acts mentioned in the first schedule to this Act may be cited separately by the short title set opposite to such Act in that schedule.

2. There shall be paid to the Assistant Judge for the time being appointed in pursuance of the Middlesex Sessions Act, 1844, the annual salary of one thousand five hundred pounds, which salary shall begin from the date of his appointment as such Assistant Judge, and shall accrue due from day to day during the time of his continuance in office, and shall be payable at such intervals, not exceeding three months, as may be from time to time determined by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

One moiety of such salary shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the other moiety of such salary shall be charged on and paid out of the county rate of the county of Middlesex.

The Assistant Judge shall continue not to be entitled to receive any pension or superannuation allowance out of the Consolidated Fund or moneys provided by Parliament

The Assistant Judge, during his continuance in office, shall not practise as a serjeant-at-law or barrister.

3. The Assistant Judge may, in such cases of sickness, unavoidable absence, or other occasions as may be allowed by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, appoint a person being a serjeant or barrister-at-law of not less than ten years standing to be his deputy, and such deputy shall have power to act as if he were Assistant Judge during such time as may in each case be allowed by the said Secretary of State, not being in any case later than the end of the business at the second sessions of the peace held next after the date of such allowance by the Secretary of State.

There shall be paid to a deputy appointed in pursuance of this section, out of moneys provided by Parliament, a sum after the rate of five guineas for every day on which he sits and acts in the court of the sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex as Assistant Judge.

4. Where the court of the sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex divide such court, and the Assistant Judge in pursuance of section fifteen of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1851, appoints a person to preside as chairman with the justices appointed to sit apart in a second court, there shall be paid to the person so appointed, out of moneys

Middlesex Sessions.

Ch. 7.

133

1871.

provided by Parliament, a sum after the rate of five guineas for every day on which he sits and acts as such chairman.

5. The Acts specified in the second schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Middlesex Sessions Acts.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Enactment referred to in this Act

7 & 8 Vict. c. 71. An Act for the better administration of criminal justice in Middlesex. The whole Act The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1844.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55. An Act to amend the law relating to the expenses of prosecutions, and to make further provision for the apprehension andtnal of offenders in certain cases. Sections fourteen to seventeen, both inclusive. The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1851 .:

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4. An Act to amend the Act for the better administration of criminal justice in Middlesex. The whole Act The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1859.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of repeal.

7 & 8 Vict. An Act for the better admi- Section eight, from " and in

c. 71. nistration of criminal justice in Middlesex. " case of sickness or unavoidable absence "down to "next but one following," both inclusive, and section ten.

14 & 15 Vict. An Act to amend the law Section fourteen.

c. 55. relating to the expenses of prosecutions, and to make further provision for the apprehension and trial of offenders in certain cases.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4. An Act to amend the Act for the better administration of criminal justice in Middlesex. Sections one, two, and six.

35 & 36 Vict. The Judges Salaries Act, So much as relates to any As-

c. 51. 1872. sistant Judge in England.

Acts specified in second schedule repealed.

134 Ch. 8. Harbour Dues (Isle of Man). 37 Vict.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to make provision for the taking of Harbour Dues in the Isle of Man.

[21st May 1874.]

WHEREAS considerable improvements have been and are being effected in the several harbours of the Isle of Man, the expense of which improvements has been provided out of the revenue of customs of the said isle, and by means of loans made on the security of such revenue, and it may be expedient to levy dues on vessels using such harbours:

And whereas the said harbours are under the management of the Isle of Man Harbour Commissioners, incorporated by 35 & 36 Vict " The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872

c*23* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Construction of 1. This Act shall be construed as one with " The Isle of Act^and short j£an Harbours Act, 1872, '' (in this Act referred to as the 1 e ' principal Act,) and the principal Act and this Act may be

cited together as The Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874, and this Act may be cited as The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874.

Definitions. 2. In this Act —

The term "vessel" means any vessel used in navigation which is not propelled solely by oars, and which is of a burden of not less than five tons:

The term "harbours to which this Act applies" means such of the harbours of the Isle of Man other than Port Erin as may for the time being have their limits defined in pursuance of section fourteen of the principal Act.

3. The Court of Tynwald from time to time, when required by the Governor, may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, by resolution appoint that dues shall be payable by vessels entering the harbours to which this Act applies, or any of them, of such amount and subject to such regulations as may be specified in such resolution and approved by the Board of Trade: Provided that —

(1.) The dues shall not exceed the dues specified in the schedule to this Act, and the regulations shall be in accordance with the regulations in the schedule to this Act:

(2.) All dues shall be at all times charged equally to all persons in respect of the same description of vessel: (3.) Dues shall not be payable at any harbour at which there have been no improvements made for which it appears to the Board of Trade reasonable to charge dues.

Power to appoint does to be taken in harbours.

Ch. 8.

135

1874. Harbour Dues (Isle of Man).

The Court of Tynwald, when required by the Governor, may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, from time to time, subject to the above provisoes, revoke, alter, or add to any resolution under thas section.

4. A resolution of the Court of Tynwald under this Act, Publication, when approved by the Board of Trade, shall be published in eddenoc, the London Gazette, and otherwise as the Board of Trade may ° 1680 ution' direct, and shall come into force at such time, not earlier than

one month after such publication in the London Gazette, as may be fixed by the resolution.

The approval of the Board of Trade may be signified under the hand of a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, and any document purporting to be printed by authority in the Isle of Man or by the printers to Her Majesty or to the Government of the Isle of Man, and to contain a resolution of the Court of Tynwald under this Act, approved by the Board of Trade, shall be evidence that the dues mentioned in such resolution are payable.

5. The Commissioners may, subject to the regulations Collection of affecting the same, take the dues which by a resolution made dues *

and approved in pursuance of this Act and for the time being in force, are appointed to be payable at any of the harbours to which this Act applies, and for the purpose of collecting those dues the term "rates" in the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, (incorporated with the principal Act,) shall mean those dues, but nothing in that Act shall give power to alter the dues otherwise than as provided by this Act.

The Commissioners may either arrange with the Commissioners of Customs for the collection of the dues, or may appoint such officers to collect the same upon such terms as to security and otherwise as the Governor may direct.

All dues received by the Commissioners shall be paid by them without any deduction to the Commissioners of Customs, and accounted for in like manner as if they were part of the revenue of customs of the Isle of Man, but shall be kept as a distinct account from such revenue.

6. All dues received under this Act, after payment of the Application ot expenses of collection, shall be applied exclusively for defraying dues *

the principal and interest due in respect of money borrowed either before or after the passing of this Act for the improvement, maintenance, or repair of the harbours to which this Act applies, or any of them.

If at any time the Board of Trade direct that the dues payable in pursuance of this Act be revised, so that the produce thereof may, so far as is practicable, be sufficient and not more than sufficient for the payments before in this section directed, the Court of Tynwald shall revise the same, by a resolution under the foregoing provisions of this Act, and if

13$

Ch. 8.

37 Vict.

Extension of sect 20 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 23. as to dues under Act

Composition for dnes at Port Erin.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 86.

Harbour Dues (Isle of Man).

the Court of Tynwald fail to revise the same, the Board of Trade may withdraw their approval to the resolution appointing such dues, and thereupon such resolution shall cease to be a resolution approved by the Board of Trade.

7. Section twenty of the principal Act (which authorises the Commissioners, with the approval of the Treasury and the Court of Tynwald, to borrow money on the security of the sums therein mentioned applicable for harbour purposes) shall extend to authorise the Commissioners, with the like approval, to borrow money on the security of the dues payable in pursuance of this Act, and the said section shall be construed as if such dues were the sums mentioned in the said section; and any mortgage of or charge on such sums, or any part of them, given or created before the passing of this Act, shall be construed accordingly to include such dues.

8. The owner of any vessel exclusively or chiefly engaged in the conveyance of passengers or in the carriage of fish, and being of the burden of fifty tons or upwards, may compound for the dues payable under The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863, during any year commencing on the first day of April, for such sum as may be appointed by a resolution of the Court of Tynwald approved by the Board of Trade.

The owner of any vessel exclusively or chiefly engaged in sea fishing or the carriage of fish who compounds under The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863, or under this section, for the dues payable at Port Erin, shall not, during the time for which such composition has been paid, be liable to the payment of any dues appointed in pursuance of this Act to be payable at any harbour to which this Act applies.

SCHEDULE.

Maximum Dues. £ s. d.

For every fishing vessel, for each year commencing

on the 1st day of April - - 2 0 0

For each other vessel entering a harbour to which

this Act applies, per ton - 0 0 6

In addition to the entrance dues, for every vessel other than a fishing vessel, laid up or lying in a harbour to which this Act applies longer than six months, for every additional six months, per ton - - 006

Regulations.

1. A fishing vessel means a vessel exclusively or chiefly engaged in sea fishing.

2. In the case of fishing vessels the dues payable shall be considered as payable for all the harbours to which this Act applies, and not for each harbour.

1874.

Harbour Dues {hie of Man). Ch. 8, 9. 137

3. The entrance dues payable for other vessels shall be paid for every vessel for each time of entering the limits of a harbour as defined for the time being in pursuance of section fourteen of the principal Act.

4. The owner of any vessel exclusively or chiefly engaged in the conveyance of passengers or in the carriage of fish, and the owner of any yacht belonging to a member of any yacht club in the United Kingdom or Isle of Man which is let out for hire, may compound for the dues for any year commencing on the first day of April, for such amount as may be fixed by a resolution of the Court of Tynwald approved by the Board of Trade.

5. For every vessel wind-bound and not discharging cargo in a harbour, a part only, not more than one half, of the dues for the time being in force shall be payable.

6. Any packet boat or post office packet, being a packet boat or post office packet as defined under the provisions of any Act relating to the Post Office, shall not be entitled to the exemption contained in section twenty-eight of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act,

1847, in respect of dues payable under this Act, but shall be entitled to such exemption, either total or partial, from, or to pay such special composition for, those dues as may be from time to time agreed on between the Governor and Her Majesty's Postmaster General, with the consent of the Treasury, or, in case of difference, as may be determined by the Treasury, and in the absence of any such agreement or determination shall not be entitled to exemption from such dues.

7. In addition to the exemptions specified in the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, there shall be exempt from dues under this Act any vessel in the service of the Board of Trade, and any yacht belonging to a member of any yacht club in the United Kingdom or Isle of Man which is not let out for hire.

8. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of any of the harbours to which this Act applies, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from all dues payable in pursuance of this Act.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to authorise an Advance out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1873.

[21st May 1874.]

WHEREAS by section ten of the Elementary Education 86 & 37 Vict.

Act, 1873, it is provided that where a school board c- 86, s-10-have incurred or require to incur any expense in providing or enlarging a school house, or otherwise as therein mentioned, they may, with the consent of the Education Department,

Jk

138

Ch. 9.

Public Works Loam, Commissioners. 37 Vict.

[Short title.]

Tower to issue 1, 500,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for school loans.

Moneys so issued to be applied exclusively to school loans.

spread the payment over such number of years, not exceeding fifty, as may be sanctioned by the Education Department, and may for that purpose borrow money on the security of the school fund and local rate, and may charge that fund and the local rate with the payment of the principal and interest due in respect of the loan:

And it is by the same section further provided that the Public Works Loan Commissioners may, on the recommendation of the Education Department, lend any money required under the said section ten on the security of the school fund and local rate without requiring any further or other security, such loan to be repaid within such number of years, not exceeding fifty, as may be recommended by the Education Department, and to bear interest at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise such advances as herein-after mentioned for the purposes of such loans to school boards (in this Act referred to as school loans):

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the " Public Works Loan (School Loans), Act* 1874/ '

2. The Treasury may from time to time cause to be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or of the growing produce thereof, any sums of money not exceeding in the whole one million five hundred thousand pounds sterling for the purpose of school loans:

Provided that no sum shall be charged or issued in pursuance of this Act after the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, notwithstanding anything in section three of the Act of the session of the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-two, intituled An Act to authorise " further advances of money out of the Consolidated Fund " for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and for the " Employment of the Poor; for the purposes of the Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Acte, 1863, 1864; and to " amend the Acts authorising Advances for Public Works."

3. All moneys issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act shall be placed to the account at the Bank of England of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be at the disposal of the Public Works Loan Commissioner, to be applied by them exclusively to the purposes of school loans; and all enactments for the trmft being in force for the regulation of the Public Works

Pubtic Works Loan Commissioners.

Ch. 9.

139

m

loan Commissioners, and the moneys at their disposal, and the accounts thereof, and their securities, and the proceedings thereon, shall, so far as such enactments are consistent with this Act, apply in the case of the moneys issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act.

4. For the purpose of raising money to meet any sum to Poorer to raise be issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this oneyfor Act, or to replace any sum which has been so issued, or any place issues out portion thereof, the Treasury may from time to time, as they of the Consoii-think fit, raise any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole dated Fund* one million five hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of Exchequer bonds or Exchequer bills, or by otherwise borrowing

the same on the credit of the charge created by this Act on the Consolidated Fund, or by all of such means, and the sums so raised shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and form part of the Consolidated Fund:

Provided that the amount raised in pursuance of this section in any one financial year shall not exceed the total amount of the sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act during that year.

The principal moneys borrowed in pursuance of this section (otherwise than by the issue of Exchequer bonds), and all interest from time to time due thereon, or on Exchequer bonds issued under this section (not exceeding the rate of four per cent, per annum) shall be charged upon and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or out of the growing produce thereof.

The principal moneys of any Exchequer bonds issued under this section shall be paid out of ^ich moneys as may be provided by Parliament for that purpose.

5. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Investment by

Debt may from time to time invest any moneys in their hands Comx^si^ners available for investment in Government securities in any of in securities the securities created under the authority of this Act. under Act.

0. In this Act, — Interpretation

The term the " Treasury" means the Commissioners ofofte^l8

Her Majesty's Treasury:

The term "financial year" means the year ending the thirty-first day of March.

A

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to apply the sum of thirteen million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

[21st May 1874.]

____Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Issue of 1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the

out°of theCon ^me ^eing may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the solidatedVund United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply for the service towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for endhf sTst *he service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March March 1875. one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, the sum of thirteen million pounds.

e

Power to Trea- 2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from to borrow time to time on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums time. me to n0^ exceeding in the whole the sum of thirteen million pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

A^y sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

1874.

Game Birds (Ireland).

Ch. 11, 12.

141

CHAPTER 11.

An Act for altering the shooting season for Grouse and certain other Game Birds in Ireland.

[21st May 1874.]

WHEREAS under an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, (chapter twenty-one,) intituled "An Act to amend the 37 G.3. c. 21. Game Laws," the shooting season in Ireland for moor game and grouse begins on the twentieth day of August, and it is expedient that the law in Ireland be in that respect altered:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The said Act of the Parliament of Ireland shall be read Grouse season and have effect as if with respect to moor game and grouse ^t^0I1jn the twelfth day of August had been mentioned throughout ireiand.Ug m that Act instead of the twentieth day of August.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as The Game Birds (Ireland) Act, 1874.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to make provision for the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Bengal and Madras Civil Service Annuity Funds, and the Annuity Branch of the Bombay Civil Fund, to the Secretary of State for India in Council.

[8th June 1874.]

WHEREAS an institution, known as the Bengal Civil Service Annuity Fund, was established in India, under the authority given by the Court of Directors of the East India Company in a public despatch to the Governor General in Council at Fort William in Bengal, dated the eighth of December one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, for the grant of annuities to the civil servants of the said Company, on their retiring from the service, who should become subscribers to the said institution; and whereas another institution, known as the Madras Civil Service Annuity Fund, founded on certain annuity funds of earlier dates, was established iu Madras, under the authority given by the said Court of Directors in a public despatch to the Governor in Council at Fort St. George, dated the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, for the grant of similar annuities; and whereas another institution, known as

142

Ch. 12.

East India Annuity Funds.

37 Vict.

Assets and liabilities of Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Civil Funds to be transferred to Secretary of State.

the Annuity Branch of the Bombay Civil Fund, founded on an annuity fund of earlier date, was established in Bombay, under the authoritjr given by the said Court of Directors in a public despatch to the Governor in Council at Bombay, dated the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, the said Annuity Branch having a separate capital for the grant of annuities like the Bengal and Madras Annuity Funds; and the said Civil Annuity Funds were supported by the subscriptions of the civil servants of the said Company and by certain contributions from the said Company:

And whereas, in a financial despatch to the Government of India, dated the tenth of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, certain changes respecting the grant of annuities were authorised by the Secretary of State for India in Council, which, taken in connexion with other changes which had been previously made also under the authority of the said Secretary of State for India in Council, rendered the continuance of the machinery of the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Civil Annuity Funds unnecessary:

And whereas, in accordance with the instructions contained in the aforesaid despatch the Government of India caused the inquiry to be made whether, upon the terms respecting the grant of annuities offered by the Secretary of State in the said despatch, the subscribers to the said Civil Annuity Funds were willing to surrender the accumulated annuity capital of the said Funds to the Secretary of State for India in Council; and the proposition so to make over the accumulated annuity capital on the terms offered by the Secretary of State was carried in the affirmative by the subscribers to the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Civil Annuity Funds by a large majority of votes:

And whereas, in order to avoid any doubt that may arise in regard to the legality of such transfer, it is necessary to make provision by law for enabling the trustees of the said Civil Annuity Funds to transfer the assets and liabilities thereof, including the assets and liabilities herein-after referred to, to the Secretary of State for India in Council, and for enabling the Secretary of State for India in Council to accept the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the trustees of the Bengal Civil Service Annuity Fund, and of the Madras Civil Service Annuity Fund, and of the Annuity Branch of the Bombay Civil Fund to transfer to the Secretary of State for India in Council the assets and liabilities of the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Civil Annuity Funds, including any assets and liabilities to

1874.

East India Annwity Fv/nds.

Ch. 12.

143

which the trustees of the Madras and Bombay Civil Annuity Funds may have succeeded as representing the trustees of the earlier funds at Madras and Bombay, and for the Secretary of State for India in Council to accept the same.

2* As soon as the assets and liabilities of the said Civil Annuities Annuity Funds, including as aforesaid, shall be transferred to the Secretary of State for India in Council, and the acceptance payable from thereof by the Secretary of State for India in Council notified revenues of by the Government of India, all existing liabilities of the said India *

Funds shall be deemed to be liabilities of the revenues of India, and all such liabilities may be enforced against the Secretary of State for India in Council in like manner as they might have been enforced against the trustees of the said Funds if this Act had not been passed; and every civil servant who shall at the date of such notification be aib incumbent of an annuity from any of the said Civil Annuity Funds, or from any earlier fund the assets and liabilities of which shall have been transferred as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive from time to time the amount of such annuity from the revenues of India; and every covenacted civil servant who shall be a subscriber to any of the said Civil Annuity Funds at or after the date of such notification shall be entitled on retirement to the benefits granted by the despatch of the Secretary of State in Council to the Government of India, dated the tenth of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one; namely,

If he shall have completed twenty-five years service and twenty-one years residence in India a full annuity of one thousand pounds payable in England, or Company's rupees ten thousand six hundred and sixty-six ten annas and eight pies payable in Bengal, or Company's rupees ten thousand six hundred and fifty payable in Madras or Bombay:

And if he shall be compelled to resign the service on account of ill health, clearly proved by medical certificate,

If under five years service, a grant of five hundred pounds;

If of five years service and under six, an invalid annuity of one hundred and fifty pounds;

If of six years service and under seven, an invalid annuity of one hundred and seventy pounds; and so on, an increase of twenty pounds being made to the annuity for each year's service, the highest invalid annuity being four hundred and fifty pounds for a service of twenty years.

3. Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall pre- Nothing to judice any claim which may be made by any'subscriber to the prejudice snb-said Civil Service Annuity Funds, or by the representatives of 8Cn era ims* any such subscriber, upon the funds so transferred; and in case any question shall arise between any such subscriber or the representatives of any deceased subscriber on the one

37 Vict.

hand, and the Secretary of State for IndiaT in Council on the other, as to any liability or alleged liability of the said funds, such question shall be determined by the Court of Appeal appointed by the Judicature Act, 1873, in such manner as may be provided by any general orders, or as the said court may, on special application, think fit to prescribe, anything in the Statute of Limitations to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to extend to the present Bishop of Calcutta the Regulations made by Her Majesty as to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops.

[8th June 1874.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth and c- 62* thirty-fifth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter

sixty-two, it was provided that it should be lawful for Her Majesty to make such rules as to the leave of absence of Indian bishops on furlough or medical certificate as might seem to Her expedient: And whereas it was further provided that the provisions of existing Acts of Parliament should not be interfered with by such rules so far as regarded the present Bishop of Calcutta: And whereas the present Bishop of Calcutta has intimated his desire to be brought under such rules:

Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The rules made by Her Majesty as to the leave of absence of Indian bishops on furlough or medical certificate under the power given to Her by section one of the said Act shall apply to the present Bishop of Calcutta.

Rales as to leave of absence applied to present Bishop of Calcutta.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called " Saint Paul's Church at Pooley Bridge," in the parish of Barton in the county of Westmorland.

[8th June 1874]

WHEREAS the church or chapel known as Saint Paul's Church at Pooley Bridge, in the parish of Barton in the county of Westmorland and diocese of Carlisle, was, on the twenty-ninth day of July one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, duly consecrated for the performance of divine service, but no authority has ever been given by the bishop

Marriages Legalization.

Ch. 14, 15. 145

of the said diocese, or otherwise, for the publication of banns and solemnization of marriages therein:

And whereas divers marriages have nevertheless been solemnized in the said church or chapel under an erroneous impression on the part of the minister thereof that by virtue of the consecration of the said church or chapel, or otherwise, marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein, and entries of the said marriages so solemnized have from time to time been made in the register books kept either at the said church or chapel, or at the parish church of Barton aforesaid:

And whereas it is expedient, under the circumstances aforesaid, to remove all doubts touching the validity of the marriages so solemnized in the said church or chapel:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. All banns of matrimony and marriages published or Marriages here-

solemnized before the passing of this Act in the church or,

chapel known as Saint Paul's Church at Pooley Bridge, in the ^st. Paul at* parish of Barton aforesaid, shall be as valid as if the same had Pooley Bridge been published or solemnized in a church duly consecrated and to be valid* licensed for marriages.

2. No minister who has solemnized any of the said mar- Minister

riages shall be liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any not

other proceedings or penalties whatsoever, by reason of his censure, having so solemnized the same respectively.

3. The registers of the marriages so solemnized, or copies Registers of of such registers, shall be received in all courts of law and s* equity as evidence of such marriages respectively, in the same *° evl ence' manner as registers of marriages in parish churches, or copies

thereof, are by law receivable in evidence.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Act of sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nineteen, intituled An Act for the Suppression of Betting Houses."

[8th June 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and nineteen, intituled An Act for the suppression of Betting Houses," and to extend the provisions of such Act to Scotland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and [i\To. 13. Price 2d.] N

Betting.

Act to be construed with 16 & 17 Vict c. 119.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Penalty on persons advertising as to betting.

Extension to Scotland.

Gel l&

37 Vict.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and nineteen, intituled u An Act for the suppression of Betting Houses " (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Betting Acts, 1853 and 1874, and each of them may be cited separately as the Betting Act of the year in which it was passed *

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

3. Where any letter, circular, telegram, placard, handbill, card, or advertisement is sent, exhibited, or published, —

(1.) Whereby it is made to appear that any person, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, will on application give information or advice for the purpose of or with respect to any such bet or wager, or any such event or contingency as is mentioned in the principal Act, or will make on behalf of any other person any such bet or wager as is mentioned in the principal Act; or,

(2.) With intent to induce any person to apply to any house, office, room, or place, or to any person, with the view of obtaining information or advice for the purpose of any such bet or wager or with respect to any such event or contingency as is mentioned in the principal Act; or,

(3.) Inviting any person to make or take any share in or in connection with any such bet or wager; every person sending, exhibiting, or publishing, or causing the same to be sent, exhibited, or published, shall be subject to the penalties provided in the seventh section of the principal Act with respect to offences under that section.

4. The twentieth section of the principal Act is hereby repealed, and the principal Act, as amended by this Act, shall extend to Scotland, with the following modifications and provisions:

(1.) The term "distress" shall mean poinding and sale:

The term misdemeanour" shall mean a crime and offence:

(2.) All offences or penalties under this Act and the principal Act shall be prosecuted and recovered before the sheriff of the county or his substitute in the sheriff court, at the instance of the Procurator Fiscal, or of any private person, under the provisions of the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, and all the jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for the purposes of

147

1874. Bating. Ch. 15, 16.

this section are hereby conferred on the sheriffs and their substitutes:

(3.) Every pecuniary penalty which is adjudged to be paid under this or the principal Act, shall be paid to the clerk of the court, and shall be by him accounted for and paid to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer on behalf of Her Majesty:

(4) The thirteenth and fourteenth sections of the principal Act shall not apply to Scotland, but it shall be competent to any person who is convicted under this Act or the principal Act to appeal against such conviction to the High Court of Justiciary, in the manner prescribed by such of the provisions of the Act of the twentieth year of the reign of King George the " Second, chapter forty-three, and any Acts amending

the same as relate to appeals in matters criminal, and by and under the rules, limitations, convictions, and restrictions contained in the said provisions.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[8th June 1874.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Tour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue* have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1874."

PART L Customs.

2. On and after the first day of May one thousand eight - of cufl-

hundred and seventy-four the duties of customs on the follow- toms duties ou ing articles, namely, sugar not equal to refined, including cane sugar, &c.

148

Ch. 16.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

37 Vict.

Grant of customs duties on tea.

Grant of duties of income tax.

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties hereby granted.

juice, molasses almond paste, dried cherries, dry comfits, confectionery, not otherwise enumerated, preserved ginger, marmalade, succades, and all fruits and vegetables preserved in sugar, not otherwise enumerated, shall cease and determine.

On and after the twenty-first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four the duties of customs on the following kinds of sugar, namely, 'brown or white candy, refined sugar, or sugar rendered by any process equal in quality thereto, and manufactures of refined sugar, shall cease and determine.

On and after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four the drawbacks on sugar refined in Great Britain or Ireland which were allowed by the Act of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter eighteen, shall cease and determine.

3. The duties of customs now charged on tea shall continue to be levied and charged on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five on importation into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say). Tea, the lb. - 6d.

PART II.

Income Tax.

4. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax; (that is to say,)

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.), (C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act, the duty of twopence;

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act —

In England, the duty of one penny;

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of three farthings.

5. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four shall have full force and effect, with respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act, so far as the same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act; and for the purposes of this Act the

Customs and Inland Revenue,

Ch, 16.

149

year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, mentioned in the forty-third section of the Act of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty-two, shall be read as and deemed to mean the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

6. In order to insure the collection in due time of any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income tax as are in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five shall have full force and effect, with respect to the duties of income tax which may be so granted, in the same manner as if the Said duties had been actually granted and the said provisions had been applied thereto by an Act of Parliament passed on that day: Provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to render necessary or authorise the appointment of assessors for such of the said duties as may be payable under Schedules (A.) and (B.) of the said Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, or to continue the rates of income tax granted by this Act.

Assessment of Income Tax and Inhabited House Duties for year 1874-75.

7. With respect to the assessment of the duties of income tax hereby granted under Schedules (A.) and (B.), in respect of property elsewhere than in the metropolis, as defined by " The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869," and of the duties on inhabited houses elsewhere than in the said metropolis, for the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The inspectors or surveyors of taxes shall be the assessors for the said duties, and in lieu of the poundage by law granted to be divided between the assessors and collectors in regard to such duties there shall be paid a poundage of three halfpence to the collectors thereof.

(2.) The sum charged as the annual value of any property in the assessment of income tax thereon for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and the sum charged as the annual value of every inhabited house in the assessment made thereon for the same year, shall be taken as the annual value of such property or of such inhabited house for the assessment and charge thereon of the duties of income tax hereby granted, or of inhabited house duty, to all intents and purposes as if such sum had been N 3

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties to be granted for succeeding year.

Provisions as to assessment of income tax under Schedules (A.) and (B.), and of inhabited house duties, for the year 1874-75.

Customs and Inland

37 Vict.

Application of part and interpretation of term.

Commissionert for income tax and inhabited house duties may be required to state a case for the opinion of court.

estimated to be the annual value in conformity with the provisions in that behalf contained in the Acts relating to income tax and the duties on inhabited houses respectively.

(3.) The commissioners executing the said Acts shall for each place within their district cause duplicates of the assessments to be made out and delivered to the collectors, together with the warrants for collecting the same.

(4.) The commissioners executing the said Acts in England shall for each place within their district appoint such persons, being inhabitants of the place, as they shall think fit, to be collectors of the duties in like manner as if such persons had been presented to them by assessors in conformity with the said Acts.

PART III.

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duties.

Case for Opinion of Court.

8. This part of this Act applies to Great Britain only; and in the construction thereof the term "the court " means, as to England, the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, until the Supreme Court of Judicature Act comes into operation, and thereafter the Exchequer Division of the High Court of Justice, and, as to Scotland, the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

9. Immediately upon the determination of any appeal under the Acts relating to income tax by the commissioners for the general purposes, or by the commissioners for the special purposes of such Acts, or any appeal under the Acts relating to the inhabited house duties by the commissioners for executing such last-mentioned Acts, the appellant or the inspector or surveyor may, if dis-satisfied with the determination as being erroneous in point of law, declare his dissatisfaction to the commissioners who heard the appeal (hereinafter called the commissioners), and having so done may, within twenty-one days after the determination, require the commissioners, by notice in writing addressed to their clerk, to state and sign a case for the opinion of the court thereon. Hie case shall set forth the facts and the determination, and the party requiring the same shall transmit the case, when so stated and signed, to the court within seven days after receiving the same, and shall previously to or at the same time give notice in writing of the fact of the case having been stated on his application, together with a copy of the case to the other party, being the inspector or surveyor, or the appellant, as the case may be.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

Ch. 16.

151

10. In relation to cases to be so stated, and the thereof, the following provisions shall have effect: cage|fc

(1.) The party requiring the case shall, before he shall be entitled to have the case stated, pay to the clerk to the commissioners a fee of twenty shillings for and in respect of the case.

(2.) The court shall hear and determine the question or questions of law arising on a case transmitted under this Act, and shall thereupon reverse, affirm, or amend the determination in respect of which the case has been stated, or remit the matter to the commissioners with the opinion of the court thereon, or may make such other order in relation to the matter, and may make such order as to costs as to the court may seem fit, and all such orders shall be final and conclusive on all parties.

(3.) The court shall have power, if they think fit, to cause the case to be sent back for amendment, and thereupon the same shall be amended accordingly, and judgment shall be delivered after it shall have been amended.

(4.) The authority and jurisdiction hereby vested in the court shall and may (subject to any rules and orders of the court in relation thereto) be exercised by a judge of the court sitting in chambers, and as well in vacation as in term time.

(5.) The court may from time to time, and as often as they shall see occasion, make and alter rules and orders to regulate the practice and proceedings in reference to cases stated under this Act.

hearing Provisions in relation to

PART IV.

Excise.

Repeal of Duties.

1L On the first day of July one thousand eight hundred Repeal of and seventy-four the following duties of excise shall cease to g^horses be payable; that is to say, and horse-

Duties on race horses; dealers.

Duties on licenses to keep horses or mules;

Duties on licenses for exercising or carrying on the trade of horse dealers; but the enactments relating to the said duties respectively shall remain in full force and effect as to any duties which shall be owing or in arrear on the said day, and as to any offences which shall have been committed against any of the said enactments previous thereto.

12L On the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and Repeal of ex-seventy-four the duties of excise payable upon sugar made cifle dutie8 on

152

Ch, 16.

Customs and Inland Revenue:

37- Vict.

Bugar and sugar used in brewing.

Grant of

excise duties on sugar used in brewing.

Interpretation of term " sugar."

Brewers may use sugar.

An entry paper to be delivered to brewers, and provisions to be observed in relation thereto.

in the United Kingdom, and upon sugar used in brewing, shall cease to be payable; but the enactments relating to the said duties respectively shall remain in full force and effect as to any duties which shall be owing or in arrear on the said day, and as to any offences which shall have been committed against any of the said enactments previous thereto.

Grant of Duties.

13. On and after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four there shall be charged, collected, and paid, for the use of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, upon every hundredweight, and in proportion for any fractional part of a hundredweight, of all sugar which shall be used by any brewer of beer for sale in the brewing or making of beer, or in the preparation therefrom of any liquor or substance to be used as colouring in the brewing or making of beer, the excise duty of eleven shillings and sixpence.

The said duty shall be under the management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and all the provisions contained in any Act relating to excise duties and in force after the passing of this Act shall, so far as the same are applicable, have full force and effect with respect to such duty.

As to Brewers and Distillers using Sugar.

14. For the purpose of the duty hereby granted on sugar used in or in connexion with brewing, and in the construction of any Act of Parliament, so far as such Act relates to sugar so used, and of this Act, the term "sugar" means any description of sugar, and includes any saccharine substance or syrup manufactured from any material from which sugar is or can be manufactured.

15. Notwithstanding anything in any Act of Parliament to the contrary, it shall be lawful for any brewer of beer for sale to make use of sugar in the brewing or making of beer, and also to prepare and make from sugar for his own use in brewing a liquor or substance for colouring beer, and to use such liquor or substance in the course of brewing or making of beer.

16. A paper shall be delivered by the officer of excise to every brewer of beer for sale for the purpose of his making therein the entries mentioned in this section, and the following provisions shall have effect in relation to such paper and the entries to be made therein:

1. The brewer shall keep the paper at all times in some

public and open part of his entered premises ready for the inspection of the officers of excise, and he shall permit any officer of excise at any time to inspect the paper.

2. The brewer shall enter in the said paper the quantity

in bushels of malt, and in pounds weightjavoirdupois

Custom and InUmd Revenue,

Ch. 16.

153

of sugar, which he intends to use in his next brewing, and the quantity in pounds weight avoirdupois of sugar which he intends to convert into a liquor or substance to be used by him as colouring in the course of brewing, and also the day and hour when such next brewing or process of conversion, as the case may be, is intended to take place.

3. The brewer shall make such entry, so far as respects the

day and hour of brewing or conversion, twenty-four hours at the least before he shall begin to mash any malt or dissolve or convert any sugar, and, so far as respects the quantity of malt or sugar, two hours at the least before the hour entered as the hour of brewing or conversion.

4. The brewer shall at the time of making any such entry

write on the paper the date when the entry is made.

5. The brewer shall not cancel, obliterate, or alter any

entry in the paper or make therein any entry which is untrue in any particular.

For any offence against this section the brewer shall forfeit the penalty of twenty pounds.

17. Section eight of the Act of the thirty-third and thirty- Amendment of fourth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-two, shall be read as if the provision numbered eight therein contained c. 32.f and were as follows: . application of

The brewer shall not remove any sugar from his brewery, section or dispose thereof in any manner other than by dissolving the same in the mash tun or other vessel duly entered for that purpose, or by converting the same into a liquor or substance for his own use in colouring beer in the course of his brewing.

And the several provisions contained in the said section as so amended, and the penalty thereby imposed, shall have effect and apply in relation to sugar to be used by any brewer of beer for sale in the making of any colouring liquor or substance to be used by him in the brewing or making of beer, as well as in relation to sugar to be used by such brewer in the brewing or making of beer.

18. Sections two and three of the Act of the first and second Reduction of

years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, P6^1^8 J*-chapter twenty-two, shall be read as if the sum therein re- ^nd 3 spectively mentioned as the amount of penalty was twenty 1 & 2 Geo. 4. pounds in lieu of two hundred pounds. c#

19. A distiller using sugar in the distillation of spirits shall Provision as to not remove any sugar from his entered storehouse or room distiller usmS without the sanction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, 8Ugar '

save for the purpose of being conveyed immediately to the mash tun or other vessel duly entered, to be there immediately

Gel 16.

Caaboma and.'Inland Bevtmue.

37 Ykv.

Amendment of sections 65 and 76 of 23 & 24 Vict c. 114.

Repeal of enactments as in schedule.

dissolved and used in the manufacture of spirits; and he shall, before removing any sugar from the storehouse or room for the purpose of being conveyed immediately as aforesaid, give four hours previots notice in writing to the proper officer of the time when he intends to remove the same, and shall specify the quantity thereof; and he shall, at the tune mentioned in such notice, convey the specified sugar immediately from the storehouse or room to the mash tun or other vessel duly entered, to be there dissolved and used in the manufacture of spirits, and shall forthwith deposit again all sugar so removed and not dissolved and used in the said storehouse or room to be again removed therefrom only upon like notice; and for any offence against this section the distiller shall forfeit the penalty of fifty pounds.

20. Section sixty-five of the Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter one hundred and fourteen, shall be read as if the time therein specified as the time to expire after the termination of the brewing period before distilling was two hours in lieu of four hours; and section seventy-six of the same Act shall be read as if the period of two hours were inserted in lieu of the period of four hours wherever such period is mentioned.

2L The several Acts and parts of Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, save as to arrears of duties and previous offences as herein-before mentioned.

SCHEDULE.

Containing the Enactments relating to Inland Revenue repealed by this Act.

Session and Chapter.

Title or abbreviated Title.

Extent of Repeal.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 22.

An Act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise for securing the payment of the Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in Great Britain.

Sections and 7.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. An Act to impose certain Duties c. 57. of Excise on Sugar made

from Beetroot in the United

The whole Act.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 57.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 6.-

Kingdom.

An Act to impose Duties of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom.

An Act to allow the use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer.

The whole Act.

Section 1 to 5, both inclusive, and Section 12.

1874.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

Ch. 16.

155

Session and Chapter.

Title or abbreviated Title.

Extent of Repeal.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 67. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 30.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 82.

20 Vict c. 16.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 114.

An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, &c.

An Act for granting certain Duties of Excise on Sugar made in the United Kingdom.

An Act to repeal and re-impose under new regulations the Duty on Race Hones.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for repealing and re-impoeing under new regulations the Duty on Race Horses.

An Act to reduoe into one Act and to amend the Excise Regulations relating to the distilling, rectifying, and dealing in Spirits.

Sections 5 and 9.

Section 1; Sections 2 and 3, so te as respectsDuties on Sugar; and Section 7.

The whole Act.

The whole Act *

Sections 63 to 60, both inclusive; Sections 61, 62, and 63, so far as they relate to Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle; and Section 94, so far as it relates to Sugar and Mo-

lasses.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 91.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 124.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 32.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 103.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 18.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. An Act to amend the Lbwb relating to the Inland Revenue. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, &c.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, &c.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to alter other Dntios.

Section 15.

Section 3.

The provisions numbered (8) to (12), inclusive of Section 19, and so much of the Act as relates to Duties and Licenses for Horses or Mules or Horse Dealers.

Section 7, the proviso to Section 9, Sections 10 and 11, and Schedule B.

Sections 24 and 25.

Section 3 and Schedule B.

156

Ch. 17.

Marriages Legalization.

37 Vict.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint John the Evangelist, at Bentley, in the parish of Shustock in the county of Warwick.

[8th June 1874.]

WHEREAS the church or chapel known as Saint John the Evangelist, at Bentley, in the parish of Shustock in the county of Warwick and diocese of Worcester, was on the twenty-second day of August one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven duly consecrated for the performance of divine service, but no authority has ever been given by the bishop of the said diocese, or otherwise, for the publication of banns and solemnization of marriages therein:

And whereas divers marriages have nevertheless been solemnized in the said church or chapel under an erroneous impression on the part of the ministers thereof, that by virtue of the consecration of the said church or chapel, or otherwise, marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein; and entries of the said marriages so solemnized have from time to time been made in the register books kept either at the said church or chapel, or at the parish church of Shustock aforesaid:

And whereas it is expedient under the circumstances aforesaid to remove all doubts touching the validity of the marriages so solemnized in the said church or chapel:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Marriages here- 1. All banns of matrimony and marriages published or

nize^i^Cha" el 80^emn^ze^ before the passing of this Act in the church or of Saint johT chapel known as Saint John the Evangelist, at Bentley, in the Evangelist the parish of Shustock aforesaid, shall be as valid as if the to be valid. same had been published or solemnized in a church duly consecrated and licensed for marriages.

Minister 2. No minister who has solemnized any of the said marriages

officiating not shall he liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any other censure. proceedings or penalties whatsoever, by reason of his having so solemnized the same respectively.

Registers of 3. The registers of the marriages so solemnized, or copies such marriages of g^h registers, shall be received in all courts of law and o e evi ence. ^y as evidence of such marriages respectively, in the same manner as registers of marriages in parish churches, or copies thereof, are by law receivable in evidence.

1874.

Lcmd Tax Commissioners Names.

Ch. 18.

157

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other rates and taxes.

[30th June 1874; ]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to appoint Commissioners for CC carrying into execution several Acts granting an aid to " His Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain," and continuing to his Majesty certain duties on personal " estates, offices, and pensions in England

And whereas several Acts have since been passed appointing additional Commissioners for carrying those Acts into execution:

And whereas it is expedient to appoint additional persons to put into execution the several Acts for granting an aid to Her Majesty by a land tax in Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting to Her Majesty rates and taxes:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

7A8G. 4. C. 75.

9 G. 4. c. 38. 243W. 4. C. 127. 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 95.

6 & 7 W. 4. o. 80.

I & 2 Vict. c. 57. 7*8 Vict. c. 79.

II 12 Vict. c. 62. 16 17 Vict.

c. Ul.

20 *21 Vict. c. 46. 26 27 Vict. c. 101.

29 SO Vict. c. 59. 80*81 Vict. o.61. 32 38 Vict. c. 64.

1. The several and respective persons named in a schedule Persons named signed by and deposited with the Clerk of the House of"

Commons shall and may and are hereby empowered and cSifc of the *

authorised (being duly qualified) to put in execution the said House of Com-

Acts, and all the clauses, powers, matters, and things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the Commission-

several and respective counties, shires, and places in England era.

and Wales in the said schedule severally and respectively

mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they

had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign

of His Majesty King George the Fourth; and on the passing

of this Act the said schedule shall be printed in the London Gazette, which shall be sufficient evidence of such schedule for

all purposes whatsoever.

158

Ch. 18.

Bar Atkniasum Stamp. 87 & 38 Vict.

39 & 34 Vict c. 97.

Stamp duties to be paid on admission of an advocate to be a barrister, and vice versft.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend " The Stamp Act, 1870," in regard to the Stamp Ihity payable by Advocates in Scotland on admission as Banisters in England or Ireland, and by Barristers in England or Ireland on admission as Advocates in Scotland.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS by "The Stamp Act, 1870," it was enacted that the stamp duty payable on admission as an advocate in Scotland shall be fifty pounds, and that the stamp duty payable on admission in England or Ireland of any person to the degree of barrister-at-law if he has been previously duly admitted to the said degree in Ireland or in England, as the case may be, shall be ten pounds, and in any other case fifty pounds; and it is provided by section thirty-one of the said Act that ten pounds of the duty of fifty pounds payable on admission to the degree of a barrister-at-law in Ireland of a person not previously admitted to that degree in England, and also ten pounds payable for duty on the like admission of a person who has been previously admitted to the said degree in England, shall be paid by the Receiver General of Inland Revenue to the Treasurer of the Society of King's Inn, Dublin, to be applied by him according to the directions of the said society, so that no more than fifty pounds is in any case paid to Exchequer by a person on admission to the said degree in England and afterwards in Ireland, or in Ireland and afterwards in England; and it is just that no more should he paid to Exchequer on admission as an advocate in Scotland, and afterwards to the degree aforesaid in England or Ireland, or on admission to the degree aforesaid in England or Ireland, and afterwards as an advocate in Scotland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. No stamp duty shall be payable on admission in England to the degree of barrister-at-law of a person previously duly admitted as an advocate in Scotland, or on admission as an advocate in Scotland of a person previously duly admitted to the degree of barrister-at-law in England, and the stamp duty payable on admission as an advocate in Scotland of a person previously duly admitted to the degree of barrister-at-law in Ireland shall be ten pounds, and the stamp duty payable on admission in Ireland to the degree of barrister-at-law of a

159

1874. Bar Admission Stamp. Ch. 19, 20.

person previously duly admitted as an advocate in Scotland shall be ten pounds.

2. A distinct account shall be kept of the moneys payable Difitinct for duty on the admission to the degree of barrister-at-law in ke^moneys Ireland of persons previously duly admitted as advocates in payable to Scotland, and such moneys shall be paid over by the Receiver Inns* General of Inland Revenue to the Treasurer of the Society 33u& 34 vict of King's Inns, in Dublin, to be applied by him according to c. 97. 8.31. the directions of the said society.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Local Rates and Assessment.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years 0^ the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-two, it is provided that no person shall be rated or be liable to be rated for or to pay any poor rates for or in respect of any church, chapel, meeting-house, or premises in Scotland exclusively appropriated to public religious worship; and that no person shall be liable to any such rates because such church, Chapel, meeting-house, or other premises, or any room belonging thereto, or any part thereof, may be used for Sunday or infant schools, or for the charitable education of the poor:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. No assessment or rate under any general or local Act of Churches, Parliament for any county, burgh, parochial or other local chfPel»&c-

lx ° J 1*1 not liable to

purpose whatsoever, shall be assessed or levied upon or in iocai rates and

respect of any church, chapel, meeting-house, or premises in assessments.

Scotland exclusively appropriated to public religious worship,

or upon or in respect of any ground exclusively appropriated

as burial ground: Provided also, that such exemption shall

continue although such church, chapel, meeting-house, or other

premises, or any room belonging thereto, or any part thereof,

may be used for Sunday or infant schools, or for the charitable

education of the poor.

0 2

Ch. 21.

Four Courts Marshalsea (Dublin). 37 & 38 Vict.

[Short title.]

Interpretation of terms.

Power to Lord lieutenant to appoint prisons in lieu or Marshalsea.

Orders made to be taken as valid.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act for the discontinuance of the Four Courts Marshalsea (Dublin), and the removal of Prisoners therefrom.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS the amendment of the law relating to imprisonment for debt, by the Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872, has reduced and will still further reduce the number of prisoners in the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, and it is therefore expedient to discontinue the said prison, and to make such provisions as are in this Act contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Four Courts Marshalsea Discontinuance Act, 1874.

2. In this Act the term "Lord Lieutenant" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

3. At any time after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant from time to time, by order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, to order and appoint that any county, borough, or city prison or prisons specified in such order, and which shall have been certified by the Inspectors General of Prisons, or one of them, as fit for such purpose, shall be a prison or prisons to which all persons who, before the passing of this Act, might lawfully have been committed to the custody of the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, may be committed, and to which all persons who, at the time of the passing of this Act are in the custody of the Baid Marshal, may, unless lawfully discharged in the meantime, be removed.

Every such prison is in this Act referred to as a " certified prison."

4. Every order purporting to be made under the authority of this Act by the Lord Lieutenant, shall be conclusive evidence of every fact and circumstance necessary to authorise the making thereof, and shall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes whatsoever to have been made in pursuance of and in conformity with the provisions of this Act, and the production of a printed copy of the Dublin Gazette purporting to be printed and published by the Queen's authority, and to contain the publication of any such older, shall for all purposes be conclusive evidence of such order.

1874.

Ch. 21.

Fowr Courts Marshalsea (Dublin).

1G1

5. When and so soon as any order appointing a certified Prohibition of prison has been made and published in manner by this Act 10

directed, no person shall be committed to the custody of the Marshalsea.8 Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, and all persons

who before the passing of this Act might lawfully have been committed to the custody of the said Marshal may be committed to any certified prison and there detained in like manner as but for the passing of this Act they might have been detained in the said Four Courts Marshalsea: Provided that all persons who at the time of the making and publishing of such order shall be imprisoned in the said Four Courts Marshalsea, may, until their removal therefrom in manner by this Act prescribed, be detained in the same manner as if this Act had not been passed.

6. At such time after the passing of this Act as may be Prisoners may determined by the Lord Lieutenant, the Marshal of the Four Tey(f by Courts Marshalsea shall certify under his hand to the Lord J^dLieu-Lieutenant a true list of the names of the prisoners then intenant.

his custody, with the several causes and times of their commitments; and as soon thereafter as conveniently may be it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant from time to time to issue his warrant under his hand directed to the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, requiring him to deliver into the custody of the governor of the certified prison named in such warrant the prisoner or prisoners named in such warrant, and upon the receipt of any such warrant the said Marshal shall deliver such prisoner or prisoners into the custody of such governor, with the processes under which he or they . was or were respectively committed, and the said Marshal shall remove such prisoner or prisoners to the certified prison named in such warrant.

If any person named in any warrant of the Lord Lieutenant has been lawfully discharged out of the custody of the said Marshal before the execution of the warrant, the said Marshal shall certify such discharge under his hand to the Lord Lieutenant.

The removal of any prisoner in obedience to the warrant of the Lord Lieutenant shall not be considered to be an escape.

7. All persons removed or committed to any certified prison Custody of in pursuance of this Act shall be in the custody of the governor

of that prison, and shall continue in such custody, subject to ^ance of Act. the laws for the time being in force in relation to the imprisonment of debtors, and to the rules for the time being in force for the regulation of debtors in such prison, or to such other special rules as may from time to time be approved by the Lord Lieutenant.

8. The Commissioners of the Treasury and the board of Maintenance superintendence of a certified prison may enter into such of prisoners in agreements as they think fit with respect to the contribution p^80n^d

162

Ch. 21.

Four Courts Marshalsea (Dublin). 37 & 38, Vict.

Removal of records.

Compensation to officers.

Discontinued prison vested in the Crown.

to be paid to the said board of superintendence on account of the expenses to be incurred by them in the safe-keeping, lodging, maintenance, and care of the prisoners removed or committed to such certified prison in pursuance of any warrant under the authority of this Act, and the amount of contribution so agreed to be paid, and the expense of providing such prisoners with furniture, fuel, and light, and of the removal of such prisoners to such certified prison, and from such prison to and from any cdurt of competent jurisdiction, shall be defrayed out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

And in the meantime, and until such agreement shall be made, or failing such agreement, the Commissioners of the Treasury shall pay to the said board of superintendence for the safe-keeping, lodging, maintenance, care, and other expenses of prisoners committed to such certified prison under the authority of this Act, for the net cost (after deducting all payments made by or on account of such prisoners) of the safe-keeping, lodging, maintenance, care, and other expenses of the prisoners removed and committed to such certified prison under the authority of this Act, such sums as the inspectors-

feneral of prisons or one of them shall certify and the Lord lieutenant shall approve, and such sums shall from time to time be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

9. As soon as all the prisoners confined in the Four Courts Marshalsea have been discharged or been removed under this Act, all records, books, and papers in the custody of the Marshal or any other officer of the Four Courts Marshalsea relating to the business of the said prison shall be delivered to such person as the Lord Lieutenant may direct, and the office of Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea and all other offices in the said prison, shall be abolished.

10. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to grant to every person whose office shall be abolished under the provisions of this Act, and who shall not be transferred to any office of equal or greater value, such special annual allowance or gratuity by way of compensation as on a full consideration of the circumstances of each case may seem to the said Commissioners to be a reasonable and just compensation for the loss of his office, and such annuity or gratuity shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

11. Upon the abolition of the office of the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, that prison, with all the lands and tenements, furniture and fixtures thereunto belonging, shall vest absolutely in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland upon trust, to be sold, conveyed, disposed of, or applied in such manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct.

Revenue Officers Disabilities.

Ch. 22. 23.

163

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to relieve Revenue Officers from remaining Electoral Disabilities.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the session of Parliament holden in the thirty-first and thirty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to " relieve certain officers employed in the collection and management of Her Majesty's revenues from any legal disability " to vote at the election of members to serve in Parliament And whereas notwithstanding the passing of the said Act certain servants of the Crown in the Revenue departments are still subject, at the suit of informers and others, to certain very severe penalties in relation to elections for members of Parliament, to which penalties other civil servants of the Crown are not subject:

And whereas it is desirable to abolish such penalties:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same:

1. The enactments contained in the schedule to this Act, and any enactments reviving or continuing the same or any of the enactments contained in the schedule to the Act of the thirty-second year of Her Majesty, chapter seventy-three, are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

The Statutes of the Realm:.

12 & 13 W. 3. c. 10. s. 89. (1) I 10 Anne, c. 18. 8. 198. (8)

9 Anne, c. 11. s. 45. (3) | 2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. s. 6.

0) s. 91. in Ruffhead's edition. (*) c. 10. s. 44. in Ruffhead's edition. (3) c. 19. s. 182. in Ruff head's edition.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Acts regulating the Salaries of Resident Magistrates in Ireland and the Salaries of the Chief Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Song William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate

Enactments in

schedule

repealed.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. 13.

Ch. 23.

16 & 17 Vict. C. 60.

Repeal of 6 & 7 Will. 4.

Magistrates, dec. (Ireland) Salaries. 37 & 38 Vict.

" the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland," (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1836, ") it was (amongst other things) enacted, that every magistrate appointed under the authority thereof should have and receive such salary by the year, not exceeding four hundred pounds, as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland should think fit:

And whereas by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Acts " regulating the salaries of resident Magistrates in Ireland," (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1853, ") the Act of 1836 was amended, and the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland was and were empowered in the manner thereby prescribed to vary and classify the salaries of the magistrates appointed or to be appointed under the Act of 1836; and for such purpose he or they was and were authorised to fix the salaries of not more than twenty of such magistrates at sums not exceeding five hundred pounds by the year:

And whereas the salaries of the magistrates appointed and acting under the authority of the Act of 1836 have, in pursuance of the provisions of the Act of 1853, been raised, and the said magistrates have with reference to salary been classified in three divisions (in this Act referred to as " Class I.," " Class II.," and " Class III." respectively), and to every member of each such class there is now payable the sums by way of salary specified in relation to such class in the second column of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed:

And whereas it is expedient to increase the salaries of magistrates heretofore appointed under the authority of the Act of 1836, and also to make provision with respect to the salaries of magistrates hereafter to be appointed under the authority of the said Act, and for such purpose to amend the said Acts and to make such provisions as are* in this Act contained:

And whereas by section three of the Dublin Police Act, 1859, the salaries of the chief commissioner and assistant commissioner of police' of the police district of Dublin metropolis are limited to the sums therein respectively mentioned, and it is expedient that such limitations should cease to apply thereto, and that the said section should be repealed and other and better provisions should be made instead thereof:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four the parts of Acts specified in the

1874. Magistrates, &c. (Ireland) Salaries. Ch. 23. 165

Schedule B. to this Act annexed shall be and the same are c. is. s. 34. and hereby repealed; provided always, that such repeal shall not 17 ^ict. alter, vary, or affect any act, matter, or thing duly done, or c* ' B' any liability incurred, before the said first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, or any right to or the payment of any salary under the authority of such parts of Acts.

2. From and after the first day of April one thousand eight Increase of hundred and seventy-four, there shall be paid by way

salary to every magistrate in Class I., Class II., and Class trates!

III. respectively, the sum specified in relation to such class in the third column of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, in lieu of the salary payable to such magistrate, and also in lieu of the allowances for clerk and orderly, under the recited Acts or otherwise howsoever.

3. Every magistrate hereafter appointed under the autho- Salary of rity of the Act of 1836 shall be entitled to receive by way of fature magis-salary the sum specified in relation to magistrates belonging trateB *

to Class III. in the third column of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, unless and until the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief governor or governors of Ireland shall under the authority of this Act otherwise direct.

4. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Power to Lord governor or governors of Ireland from time to time, by order. Lieutenant, &c. to direct that any magistrate heretofore or hereafter appointed ^istratee.8 under the authority of the Act of 1836 may be paid such

salary not exceeding the amount specified in relation to magistrates belonging to Class L or Class II. respectively, in the third column of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, as he or they shall think fit: Provided always, that not more than twenty of such magistrates shall at any one time be entitled to receive the sums by way of salary specified in relation to magistrates belonging to Class I. in the third column of the said schedule, /ind that not more than thirty-two of such magistrates shall at any one time be entitled to receive the sums by way of salary specified in relation to magistrates belonging to Class II. in the third column of the said Schedule A.

Provided also, that nothing in this section contained shall authorise the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland to diminish the salary to which, under the preceding provisions of this Act, any magistrate heretofore appointed is entitled as and from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

5. In addition to the salary by this Act provided, there Allowance*. shall be paid to every magistrate heretofore or hereafter appointed under the authority of the Act of 1836, by way of allowance for travelling within his district, the sum of one

Superannua-

tion.

Repeal of section 3 of 22 & 23 Vict c. 52.

Salaries of chief commissioner and assistant commissi mer of Dublii police to be lixed by Lord Lieutenant, &c., with approval of Treasury.

Salaries, &c. to be paid out of moneys voted by Parliament

Ch. 23. Magistrates, <fc. (Ireland) Salaries, 37 & 38 VICT,

hundred pounds per annum, and such sum of one hundred pounds shall be in lieu of any allowance for forage or for the keep of any horse or horses heretofore granted to such magistrates.

In addition to the aforesaid allowance there shall also be paid to any magistrate to whom the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland has or have, with the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, awarded, or shall hereafter from time to time with the like approval award, any further allowance for travelling and remaining from home on duty, and for stationery, and for any expenses incurred in change of station, all and every the sums of money so awarded for the said purposes.

6. The superannuation allowances payable to magistrates appointed under the Act of 1836 shall be computed exclusive of the allowances by this Act authorised.

In the case of any magistrate to whom under any Act now in force a superannuation allowance might be granted within three years after the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, calculated upon the average amount of salary received by such magistrate for three years next preceding the commencement of such allowance, such superannuation allowance shall be calculated upon the average amount of salary which such magistrate would have received for the period of three years next preceding the commencement of such allowance, if during such period this Act had been in force.

7. Section three of the Dublin Police Act, 1859, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and instead thereof be it enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland from time to time, by order, to appoint such sums by way of salaries to the chief commissioner and assistant commissioner of police of the police district of Dublin metropolis respectively as he or they shall think fit and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall approve: Provided always, that nothing in this section contained shall authorise the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland to diminish the salaries at the time of the passing of this Act respectively payable to the persons holding at such time the offices of chief commissioner and assistant commissioner.

8. All salaries and allowances under this Act shall be paid out of moneys from time to time to be provided by Parliament for such purpose.

1874 Magistrate, 4c. (Ireland) Salaries. Ch. 23, 24.

187

SCHEDULE A.

ClasaL Class IL Class HI.

500

400

300

675

550

425

SCHEDULE B.

6*7 Will. 4. c. 13. a. 34. \ 16 & 17 Tick c. 60. f. I.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to empower the Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance a sum of money, by way of loan, for the improvement of the Harbour of Colombo in the colony of Ceylon.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS by the Harbour of G&lle Loan Act, 1869, 32 & 33 Vict. the Public Works Loan Commissioners were empowered c*105, to advance to the Government of the colony of Ceylon a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds for the improvement of the harbour of Galle in that colony:

And whereas no sum has ever been advanced in pursuance of the said Act, and the improvement for which the said loan was authorised has been abandoned:

And whereas the Government of the colony of Ceylon propose to effect improvements in the harbour of Colombo in that colony at the cost of upwards of six hundred thousand pounds, and to raise money for that purpose at the cost of the colony:

And whereas it is expedient to empower the Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance to the Government of Ceylon, for the improvement of the said harbour of Colombo, a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds in substitution for the advance authorised by the Harbour of Galle Act, 186 9:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Harbour of Colombo Loan Act, 1874"

2. Subject as herein-after mentioned, the Public Works Power to mm* Loan Commissioners, as specified in the Public Works Loan missionef*>

Ch. 24.

Harbour of Colombo (Loan), 37 & 38 Vict.

advance money Act, 1853, and the Acts amending the same, are hereby em-hwbour0^11^ powered, out of any moneys for the time being at their disposal for the purpose of loans for harbours, to advance from time to time to the Government of the colony of Ceylon, on the security of the general revenue of that colony, without any further security, a sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be applied by the said Government in improving the said harbour of Colombo.

Interest on advance, and time of repayment.

Conditions of advance.

Alteration of ordinance relating to advances.

Repeal of 12 & 83 Vict c. 105.

3. Any advance from time to time made in pursuance of this Act shall bear interest at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum, and all the principal so advanced, together with the interest thereon, shall be. repaid within thirty-five years from the date of the first advance.

4. No advance shall be made^in pursuance of this Act until the Governor and Legislative Council of the colony of Ceylon have made an ordinance providing to the satisfaction of the Treasury, —

(1.) For charging the principal and interest of the advances made in pursuance of this Act on the general revenue of that colony; and (2.) For raising, either by taxation or by loan, on the credit of the revenue of the said colony such further sums as may be required for completing the improvements of the said harbour of Colombo; and (3.) For enabling the Governor of the said colony, with the advice of the Executive Council thereof, to raise by taxation in the colony such additional sums (if any) as may be required to repay the principal and interest of the said advances; and (4.) For appropriating the said advances for the purpose of improving the said harbour of Colombo, and for no other purpose; and (5.) For receiving and giving acknowledgments for the said advances and remitting all sums [payable in respect of the principal and interest of the said advances.

5. Every ordinance passed by the Governor and Legislative Council of the colony of Ceylon which in any way impairs the validity or priority of the charge upon the general revenue of that colony created by the said Governor and Legislative Council of the principal or interest of any advances made in pursuance of this Act, shall, so far only as it impairs such validity or priority, be void, unless it contains a suspending clause providing that such Act shall not come into operation until Her Majesty's pleasure thereon has been publicly signified in the colony of Ceylon.

6. The Harbour of Galle Loan Act, 1869, is hereby repealed.

1874.

Herring Fishery Barrels.

Ch. 25.

169

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to remove the Restrictions contained in the British White Herring Fishery Acts in regard to the use of Fir Wood for Herring Barrels.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of the Act of the fifty-fifth year of the reign &° much of of His Majesty George the Third, chapter ninety-four, as prohibite94 prohibits white herrings from being cured, packed, or put white herrings up in Great Britain, or on board any vessel or boat employed from being. in the British Herring Fishery, in any barrel or half-barrel any*torch?111 made in whole or in part of fir, is hereby repealed; and from made of fir, and after the passing of this Act white herrings may be cured, repealed; packed, or put up in Great Britain, or on board any vessel or boat employed in the British Herring Fishery, in barrels or half-barrels made in whole or in part of fir; provided always, that all barrels or half-barrels made in whole or in part of fir, and the herrings contained therein, shall be subject to the provisions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures to which barrels or half-barrels made of wood other than fir are or may be subject by the 3aid recited Act or any other Act relating to the British WTiite Herring Fishery, or by any regulations made by the Commissioners of the British White Herring Fishery under authority of the said recited Act, or of any other Act relating to the said fishery; and no one shall but Crown be entitled to demand that barrels or half-barrels made in can?°, t whole or in part of fir shall be branded by the officers of the excepTunder said Commissioners without the consent of the said Commis- regulations to sioners, and compliance with any regulations to be made by them under this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby 8i0ners. authorised and empowered to make regulations accordingly for the branding of barrels or half-barrels made in whole or in part of fir, and containing herrings, and are further authorised and empowered to revoke and annul or alter or vary any regulation or regulations made by them under this Act for that purpose, and in lieu thereof to make another or other regulations for the same purpose, which shall be of full force; provided always, that before any regulation or regulations made or varied from time to time under the authority of this Act come into operation, the said Commissioners shall cause notice to be given, by publication of the same once in the Edinburgh Gazette, and also by affixing printed copies thereof [iTo 15. Price 2d] P

170 Ch. 25, 26. Herring Fishery Barrels. 37 & 38 Vict.

on some conspicuous place or places at the various herring fishery stations in Scotland, and a printed copy of any regulation, signed by the Secretary of the Commissioners for the time being, shall be evidence of the terras of such regulations, and that the same has been published, reserving to any person having interest the right to prove that the same was not so published.

Jurisdiction 2 All the powers, jurisdictions, and authorities given,

an penalties, seated, or conferred by the Acte of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-two, and the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, or either of them, for carrying into effect the purposes of those Acts respectively, shall, in so far as consistent with the provisions hereof, be held to extend to and be incorporated with this Act; and all forfeitures and penalties imposed by or incurred under the provisions of this Act may be prosecuted, declared, and enforced after the forms and according to the rules and procedure prescribed by the said recited Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-two.

/WN/VJ '

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to make provision respecting the Stamp Duty on Transfers of Stock of the Government of Canada.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS certain stock of the Government of Canada, known by the name of Canadian consolidated five per cent, stock, and herein-after referred to as existing Canadian stock, is inscribed in books kept in the United Kingdom, and it is expedient to reduce the stamp duty payable on the transfer of such stock and of other stock of the same Government which may hereafter be so inscribed, and to enable the Government of Canada to compound for the stamp duty on such transfers:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Canadian Stock Stamp Act, 1874."

Stamp duty on 2. In lieu of the stamp duty payable on the transfer of

soriblri^ck s^ock of the Government of Canada inscribed in books kept in the United Kingdom, there shall be charged on every transfer of such stock, whether on sale or otherwise, a stamp duty of

1874. Canadian Stock (Stamp Duty on Transfers). Ch. 26, 27. 171

two shillings and sixpence for every full sum of one hundred pounds, and also for any fractional part of one hundred pounds, of the nominal amount of stock transferred.

3. By way of composition for stamp duty chargeable on Composition transfers of existing Canadian stock, the Government of ^p0£n Canada may pay to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue existing stock, the sum of three thousand six hundred and ninety-one pounds

two shillings and sixpence, and from and after such payment transfers of such stock shall be exempted from stamp duty.

4. By way of composition for stamp duty chargeable on Composition transfers of any stock of the Government of Canada which for Bt*mP °n may be hereafter inscribed in books kept in the United futur/stock. Kingdom, the Government of Canada may pay to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue a sum calculated at the rate

of seven shillings and sixpence for every full sum of one hundred pounds, and also for every fractional part of one hundred pounds of stock inscribed in the name of each holder, and from and after such payment transfers of such stock shall he exempted from stamp duty.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to regulate the Sentences imposed by Colonial Courts where jurisdiction to try is conferred by Imperial Acts.

[30th June 1874.] 2

WHEREAS by certain Acts of Parliament jurisdiction is conferred on courts in Her Majesty's colonies to try persons charged with certain crimes or offences, and doubts have arisen as to the proper sentences to be imposed upon conviction of such persons; and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction Act, 1874.

2. For the purposes of this Act, — Definition of

The term "colony " shall not include any places within the term "colony." United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands, but shall include such territories as may for the time being be vested in Her Majesty by virtue of an Act of Parliament for the Government of India, and any plantation, territory, or settlement situate elsewhere within Her Majesty's dominions, and subject to the same local

172 Ch. 27, 28. Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction* 37 & 38 Vict.

government; and for the purposes of this Act, all plantations, territories, and settlements under a central legislature shall be deemed to be one colony under the same local government.

At trials in any 3# When, by virtue of any Act of Parliament now or hereby^rtu^of1^8 a^er passed, a person is tried in a court of any colony Imperial Acts, for any crime or offence committed upon the high seas or else-courta em- where out of the territorial limits of such colony and of the pas^sentences *oca^ jurisdiction of such court, or if committed within such as if crimes local jurisdiction made punishable by that Act, such person had been com- shall, upon conviction, be liable to such punishment as might colony.in the kave been inflicted upon him if the crime or offence had been committed within the limits of such colony and of the local jurisdiction of the court, and to no other, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the crime or offence is a crime or offence not punishable by the law of the colony in which the trial takes place, the person shall, on conviction, be liable to such punishment (other than capital punishment) as shall seem to the court most nearly to correspond to the punishment to which such person would have been liable in case such crime or offence had been tried in England.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to further amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS the law relating to juries in Ireland was amended by The Juries (Ireland) Act, 1873," but the time during which the provisions of the said Act should be in force and operation was by the said Act limited to the eleventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five:

And whereas it is expedient that certain of the said provisions should continue in force and operation for a further limited time:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Juries (Ireland) Act, 1874;" and the Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1873, and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, and the same may be cited for all purposes as "The Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1874."

Juries (Ireland),

Ch. 28, 29.

173

2. The provisions of "The Juries (Ireland) Act, 1873," with Certain pro. the exception of sections three and eight, shall continue in J£yj*tof force and operation until the eleventh day of January one continued thousand eight hundred and seventy-six; and the said provisions of the said Act hereby continued shall be read and construed as if the words " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six " were therein inserted instead of the words " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five," and as if the words " in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four " were inserted in section five instead of the words " in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three."

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the Militia:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Militia Law Amendment Act, 1874."

2. Subject to any Act of Parliament for the time being in Power to Her force, Her Majesty may, by royal warrants, orders, and regulations, give directions as to the pay, promotion, clothing, Militia by war-and government of the Militia, and as to other matters and rants and regu-things relating to the Militia, in the same manner and to the lation8> &c-same extent in and to which Her Majesty may, by royal warrants, orders, and regulations, give directions as to the pay, promotion, and government of Her Majesty's regular forces, and other matters and things relating to Her Majesty's regular forces.

3. From and after the passing of this Act, the Militia Existing Pay Acts shall cease to be of any force as Acts of Parliament, ^ave but shall have the same effect as if Her Majesty had, imme- 8a^e force a8 diately after the passing of this Act, embodied the provisions royal warrants, thereof in a royal warrant.

4. " The Militia Pay Acts" shall mean the Militia Pay Definition of Acts, 1868 and 1869, as continued by Expiring Laws Con- Pa^ '

tinuance Act, 1873.

174

Ch. 30.

Holyhead Old Harbour Hoad. 37 & 38 Vict.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to transfer parts of the Holyhead Old Harbour Road from the Board of Trade to the Local Board of Health of the town of Holyhead; and for other purposes.

[30th June 1874.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament

* held in the fourth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting in " Commissioners the bridges now building over the Menai " Straits and the river Conway, and the harbours of Howth " and Holyhead, and the road from Dublin to Howth, and for the further improvement of the road from London to " Holyhead," Commissioners were appointed to act in the execution of the said Act, and by the twenty-seventh section of the said Act it was enacted that a certain road leading round the harbour of Holyhead, from the drawbridge to the graving dock, and in the said section described, should from and after the first day of September then next ensuing be and become vested in the said Commissioners by that Act appointed, and should be thereafter maintained and .repaired and supported by them in the manner in the said section prescribed:

25 & 26/ Vict. And whereas under the provisions of the London and c. ccYiii. North-western Railway (Additional Powers) Act, 1862, a portion of the said road was taken by and became vested in the London and North-western Railway Company for the purposes of their railway undertaking:

25 & 26 Vict. And whereas under the provisions of "The Harbours c. 69. (Public.) Transfer Act, 1862," the remaining parts of the said road described in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed are now vested in the Board of Trade, and the same are now maintained by the said Board:

And whereas the said parts of the said road so maintained by the Board of Trade under the provisions aforesaid are wholly situate within the district of the Local Board of Health of the town of Holyhead, and are at all times open to the general public, and it is expedient that the same should be transferred to and vested in the said local board, and should be maintained, repaired, and supported by the said local board as other highways within the district of the said local board; and that for such purpose the said enactments, so far as they relate to the said parts of the said road, should be repealed, and that such provisions as are in this Act contained should be made:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

Holyhead Old Harbour Road.

Ch. 30.

175

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Holyhead

" Old Harbour Road Act, 1874."

2. The enactments set forth in the first column of the Repeal of Schedule B. to this Act annexed shall, to the extent specified enactments in in the second column of the said schedule, be and the same Schedule B-are hereby repealed.

3. From and after the passing of this Act, the parts of the Road inSche-

Holyhead Old Harbour Road described in the Schedule A. to dule A-to be this Act annexed shall be transferred to and shall be and in

become vested in the Local Board of Health for the town of and maintained Holyhead, and shall be thereafter maintained, repaired, and hylocal ^unsupported by the said local board by the same means, and

under the same powers, regulations, and authorities as other highways situate within the district of the said local board.

4. From and after the passing of this Act, the Board of Board of Trade Trade shall be and are hereby released from all liabilities *7ee>d. fr°.m all whatsoever under the enactments by this Act repealed, or ^ectofroad" otherwise howsoever, in relation to the maintenance, repair,

and support of the parts of the Holyhead Old Harbour Road described in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed.

SCHEDULE A.

The road, one part of which commences at the drawbridge over the water connecting the old harbour at Holyhead with the new harbour of refuge at Holyhead, and passing along the town of Holy-head by the Royal Hotel (formerly called the Eagle and Child Inn) terminates at a point twenty-four yards or thereabouts from the northern end of the station premises of the London and Northwestern Railway Company, and another part of which road again commences at the eastern end of the footbridge which crosses the railway on the south side of the station, and terminates at the gate leading to the premises in which the graving dock of the said harbour of Holyhead is situate, forming what is called and known as the Turkey Shore Road, all of which road is in the parish of Holyhead and county of Anglesea.

176

Ch. 30, 31. Holyhead Old Harbour Road. 37 & 38 Vict.

SCHEDULE B.

Date and Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

4 Geo. 4. c. 74. — ''An Act for vesting in Commissioners the bridges now " building over the Menai " Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of t(Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to <f Howth, and for the further " improvement of the Road " from London to Holyhead." Section 27.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 69. — M An Act for transferring from So much of section

" the Admiralty to the Board 17 and of the

" of Trade certain powers schedule as re-

" and duties relative to Har- lates to the road

" bours and Navigation described in

" under Local and other Schedule A. to

" Acts; and for other purposes." this Act annexed.

24 & 25 Vict. <s. 86.

Definition of " sheriff."

Sheriffs jurisdiction extended to applications for orders to protect property of deserted wives and for the recall of such orders.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1861. ' [16th July 1874.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the 'reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to amend the Law regarding " Conjugal Rights in Scotland

And whereas the expense of procedure under that Act prevents many persons from availing themselves of its benefits, and it is desirable to amend the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

1. The word "sheriff" shall include sheriff substitute.

2. The sheriffs of counties in Scotland shall have all jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for hearing, trying, and determining applications by wives deserted by their husbands for orders to protect property that they have acquired or may acquire by their own industry after such desertion, and property which they have succeeded to or may succeed to or acquire right to after such desertion, against their husbands or creditors of their husbands, or any persons claiming in or through the rights of their husbands, and applications

1874. Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment. Ch. 31.

177

by the husbands of such wives, their creditors, or others claiming in or through the rights of such husbands for the recall of such orders: Provided as follows:

1. All such applications in the sheriff court shall be made

by petition in common form, and, subject to any orders and regulations which the Court of Session are hereby authorised to make from time to time as to procedure in such applications, the procedure in every such petition, including the procedure in appeals taken therein within the sheriff court or to the Court of Session, shall, as nearly as may be, be the same as in an ordinary action in the sheriff court:

2. The conditions on which orders to protect property as

aforesaid may be granted or recalled in the sheriff court shall be the same as those on which such orders may be granted or recalled in the Court of Session. The provisions of the recited Act relating to the intimation of interlocutors granting or recalling such orders in the Court of Session shall apply to the intimation of such interlocutors when pronounced in the sheriff court; and the effects of the grant or recall of any such order duly intimated shall be the same when made in the sheriff court as when made in the Court of Session:

3. An application for the recall of any such order to protect

property granted in a sheriff court shall be competent only when made in the sheriff court to whose jurisdiction the deserted wife is for the time amenable, or in the Court of Session.

It shall be the duty of the clerk of the court in which any such order was granted, to transmit the process in which it was granted to any other court on receiving written notice from a clerk thereof of the dependence therein of an application for the recall of such order:

4. It shall not be necessary to print the petition, answer,

or evidence in order to the disposal by the Court of Session of any appeal taken thereto from a sheriff court in any application by this Act made competent in the sheriff court:

5. Any warrant of citation granted by a sheriff in any such

application may, when necessary, be executed edictally (without the concurrence or authority of the Court of Session) by delivery of a copy thereof at the office of the keeper of edictal citations according to the mode established by the Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter one hundred and twenty, in regard to the execution edictally of citations on warrants of the Court of Session, and by an act of sederunt of the Court of Session, dated the twenty-fourth day of December one

Ch. 31, 32. Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendt. 37 & 38 Vict.

[Short title.]

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

28 & 29 Vict c. 52.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 72.

[Short title.]

thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and by sending a copy thereof by post to the last known address of the person to be cited.

The keeper of edictal citations or his clerk shall register an abstract of every such copy so delivered, in the record for edictal citations by virtue of letters of supplement to persons furth of Scotland to appear before any of the inferior courts of Scotland; and such abstract shall exhibit such particulars as are required to be exhibited in an abstract of any copy citation by law appointed to be made or registered by the said keeper or his clerk.

3. This Act may be cited as the Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1874.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend " The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863." [16th July 1874.]

WHEREAS by " The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland were authorised to advance money in the manner and subject to the conditions in the said Act mentioned, for the purpose of aiding in the' completion of works for the drainage and improvement of lands in any district, and the repayment of any money so advanced was to be secured by means of an annual rentcharge to be payable for the term of twenty-two years at the rate of six pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds charged upon such lands in the manner by the said Act provided:

And whereas a further Act was passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth years of Her Majesty, chapter seventy-two, explaining certain provisions contained in the said Act:

And whereas the said Acts were amended by " The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1865," and by "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1869," and it is expedient further to amend the said Acts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1874."

1874. Drainage of Lands (Ireland), 1863, Amendt. Ch. 32.

2. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works, upon application of any drainage board, out of any moneys in their hands available for loans, by and with the sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and subject to such rules, regulations, and conditions as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may think proper from time to time to make, to make loans or advances for the purposes of the said recited Acts, and to secure the repayment of the same, if they think it expedient so to do, by means of rentcharges at five per cent, per annum, payable for terms of thirty-five years, instead of by rentcharges at six pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum payable for terms of twenty-two years as by the said Acts provided; and in case any loan shall be so made to the drainage board of any district, each of the several parcels or portions of land specified in the award of the Commissioners, apportioning the consolidated sum of principal and interest amongst the respective proprietors of the said parcels or portions of land in such district and on their lands respectively (as by the said Acts provided) shall, from the date of such award, become charged with the payment to Her Majesty of an annual rentcharge of five pounds for every one hundred pounds charged on such parcels or portions of land respectively, and so in proportion for any lesser amount, to be payable for the term of thirty-five years, to be computed from the fifth day of April or tenth day of October which shall next happen after the making of such award, such rentcharge to be paid by equal half-yearly payments on the fifth day of April and tenth day of October in every year, the first of such payments to be made on the second of such days which shall happen after the date of such award.

3. All the provisions in the recited Acts contained or referred to with respect to the rentcharges therein mentioned shall be applicable to rentcharges under this Act in like manner in all respects as if rentcharges under this Act were rentcharges under the recited Acts.

4. In all cases in which copies of the report of any inspector appointed by the Commissioners of Public Works for the purpose of making inquiries as to the propriety of constituting any proposed district, and as to the assent of the proprietors thereto, are required to be lodged with the clerk or clerks of the unions respectively, as directed by section six, number five, of the said first-recited Act, the petitioners shall in addition to the notice which they are required to publish in some newspaper, as directed by the said section, cause notices stating that such report has been so lodged to be served on each of the reputed proprietors of land in such district by delivery of the same personally, or, if any such proprietor is absent from Ireland, to his agent, or by leaving the same at the usual or last known place of abode of such proprietor as

179

Loans may be made repayable by rentcharges at five per cent for 35 years.

Provisions as to rentcharges in recited Acts to apply to rentcharges under this Act.

Notice of in* spectors reports having been) lodged with clerks of unions to be sent to proprietors.

Ch. 32, 33. DrainageofLand8(Irela7id), Amendt 37 & 38 Vict.

aforesaid, or by forwarding the same by post, in a prepaid letter, addressed to the usual or last known place of abode of such proprietor.

This Act and the recited Acts to be construed as one Act.

5. The Acts herein-before recited or referred to as amended by this Act and this Act shall be read together as one Act.

19 & 20 Vict c. 120.

[Short title.]

Notice to be given to persons who do not consent to or concur in application.

Court may dispense with consent, having regard to the number and the interests of parties.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to extend the Powers of the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Act.

[16th July 1874.]

and twentieth years of Her Majesty, to facilitate leases and sales of settled estates, herein-after called the principal Act: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows, that

1. This Act may be cited as the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Amendment Act, 1874.

2. Where under the principal Act the concurrence or consent of any person in or to any application hereafter to be made under that Act is required, and such concurrence or consent shall not have been obtained, notice shall be given to such person, in such manner as the court to which such application shall be made shall direct, requiring him to notify, within a time to be specified in such notice, whether he assents to or dissents from such application or submits his rights or interests, so far as they may be affected by such application, to be dealt with by the court; and every such notice shall specify to whom and in what manner such notification is to be delivered or left. In case no notification shall be delivered or left in accordance with the notice and within the time thereby limited, the person to or for whom such notice shall have been given or left shall be deemed to have submitted his rights and interests to be dealt with by the court.

3. An order under the principal Act may be made upon any such application notwithstanding that the concurrence or consent of any such person as aforesaid shall not have been obtained, or shall have been refused, but the court in considering the application shall have regard to the number of persons who concur in or consent to the application, and who dissent therefrom, or who submit or are to be deemed to submit their rights or interests to be dealt with by the court,

Leases and Sales of Settled Estates. Ch. 33, 34.

181

and to the estates or interests which such persons respectively have or claim to have in the estate as to which such application is made, and every order of the court made upon such application shall have the same effect as if all such persons had been consenting parties thereto.

4. All such applications shall be otherwise dealt with in Applications such manner as are prescribed by the principal Act, or any to be dealt . orders made in pursuance thereof, with regard to the exercise e

of the powers conferred by that Act. by principal

Act.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the Act of the fifty-fifth' year of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and ninety-four, intituled "An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries in England " and Wales." [16th July 1874.]

WHEREAS by the nineteenth section of "The Medical 21 & 22 Vict.

Act, 1858, 1" it is enacted that any two or more of the °*90*19* colleges and bodies in the United Kingdom mentioned in Schedule A to the said Act may, with the sanction and under the directions of the General Council of Medical Education and Registration of the United Kingdom, constituted in pursuance of the provisions of the said Act, unite or "co-operate in conducting the examinations required for qualifications to be registered under the said Act:

And whereas by reason of certain provisions of the Act passed in the session of Parliament holden in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled M An Act for better regulating the practice of Apothe- 55 Geo. 3.

" caries in England and Wales " (herein-after referred to as 194, the Apothecaries Act), difficulty has been found to exist in the exercise by the Society of Apothecaries of London of the powers conferred on the said society by the said nineteenth section and other sections of the Medical Act, 1858:

And whereas it is expedient that all such difficulties should be removed, and that certain portions of the Apothecaries Act should be repealed, and that the said Society of Apothecaries should have full power to unite and co-operate with all or any of the said other colleges and bodies mentioned in the said Schedule A. in conducting the said examinations:

And whereas it is desirable that the Society of Apothecaries should possess the power of striking off from the list of their licentiates any person who shall be convicted in England or Ireland of any felony or misdemeanor, or in Scotland of any crime or offence, or shall after due inquiry be judged by the

182 Ch. 34. Apothecaries Act Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

General Council to have been guilty of infamous conduct in any professional respect:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Apothecaries Act Amendment Act, 1874."

?fTctlP9art8 2. The following provisions of the Apothecaries Act shall and Ts of Apo- be and they are hereby repealed; that is to say, thecaries Act (1.) So much of the fourth section of the said Act as provides that no person to be by the master, wardens, and assistants for the time being chosen and appointed a member of the court of examiners shall be deemed to be properly qualified unless he shall be a member of the Society of Apothecaries aforesaid of not less than ten years standing; and so much of the same section as provides that no person shall be . deemed to be properly qualified to be appointed one of the five apothecaries in the Act after mentioned for the purpose of examining assistants to apothecaries except he shall have been an apothecary in actual practice for not less than ten years at least previously to his being so appointed; and so much of the ninth section of the said Act as requires or provides that the twelve persons to be chosen and appointed as directed by the same section are to be properly qualified as in the said fourth section is mentioned.

(2.) So much of the fifteenth section of the said Act as provides that no person shall be admitted to any examination for a certificate to practise as an apothecary unless he shall have served an apprenticeship of not less than five years to an apothecary.

Removing re- 3. Subject to the approval of the Privy Council, to be sig-strictions as to nified in manner provided by twenty-fourth section of "The aminers and*" Medical Act, 1858," and which may at any time be withdrawn examination by the said Privy Council, the said Society of Apothecaries fee* may, with the sanction and under the directions of the said

General Medical Council, unite and co-operate with any one or more of the colleges and bodies mentioned in Schedule A, of "The Medical Act, 1858," in appointing examiners and conducting the examinations required for qualifications to be registered under the said last-mentioned Act, notwithstanding that the examiners appointed for such purpose may be more or less than 'twelve in number, and notwithstanding that the fees to be payable by candidates and for certificates or licenses to practise, or any of such fees, be greater or less than the

Apothecaries Act Amendment.

Ch. 34, 35.

183

fees authorised or required to be taken or paid by the Apothecaries Act, and notwithstanding any other provisions in the Apothecaries Act which, but for this present section declaring that they shall not have any such effect, might prevent or hinder the said Society of Apothecaries from availing themselves of the right to unite and co-operate in manner and for the purposes aforesaid, or from exercising any of the powers intended to be conferred on the said Society of Apothecaries by " The Medical Act, 1858 "

4. It shall be lawful for the master, wardens, and assistants for the time being of the said Society of Apothecaries to strike off from the list of licentiates of the said society the name of any person who shall be convicted in England or Ireland of any felony or misdemeanor, or in Scotland of any crime or offence, or who shall after due inquiry be judged by the General Council to have been guilty of infamous conduct in any professional respect, and the said society shall forthwith signify to the General Council the name of the licentiate so struck off.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall deprive the said Society of Apothecaries of such right as they now have, or relieve them from any existing obligation, to admit women to the examinations required for certificates to practise as apothecaries, or to enter on the list of licentiates of the said society any women who shall have satisfactorily passed such examinations and fulfilled the other general conditions imposed upon persons seeking to obtain from the said society a qualification to be registered under the Medical Act, 1858.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[16th July 1874.]

WHEREAS, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the preparation of the Revised Edition of the Statutes now in progress, it is expedient that certain enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time and change of circumstances, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Licentiate may in certain cases be removed.

Saving rights of the society to admit women to certain examinations.

CH. 35.

Statute Law Revision.

37 & 38 Vict.

Enactments in schedule repealed.

Saving.

55 Geo. 8. c. 91, (repealed by Statute Law Revision Act, 1873) revived as to Dublin *

[Short title.]

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule mentioned:

Provided that where any enactment not comprised in the schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act:

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect any Act in which such enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon, or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right or title already acquired or accrued, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, or emolument, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. An Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the " Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses " in Cases of Felony in Ireland," which Act was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act, 1873, is hereby revived, so far as relates to the county of the city of Dublin.

3. This Act may be cited as The Statute Law Revision Act, 1874.

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part, 'first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning, or as forming the end, of the portion described in the description or citation.

42 Geo. 3. c. 72. in part. GEORGE III. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing an Act, — and ends with the words, — > in part; namely, — Miners for the Defence of Great Britain - - J Section Thirty-two from " and that " to the end of that Section.

c. 90. in part. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia \. in England, and for augmenting the Militia - J 1 9 Section One hundred and seventy-two from " and that " to the end of that Section.

52 Geo. 3, c. 104. in part. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the 1 Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for pre- vin part; namely, — venting the administering or taking unlawful Oaths J Section Three.

c. 110. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An "I Act for amending an Act, — and ends with the words, >in part; namely, — — Counties in England - - J Sections Three and Four.

53 Geo. 3. c. 64. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the Court of\in Darf. namely — Session in Scotland - - -J p Section Nine.

c. 107. in part. An Act for the Appointment of Commissioners for the 1 Regulation of the several endowed Schools of Public V in part; namely, — and Private Foundation in Ireland - J Section Seventeen.

c. 155. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An "] Act for continuing in the East India Company, — and [*. ends with the words, -Trade to and from the Places f1D ?"*' namely>- within the Limits of the said Company's Charter - J Sections Thirty-three to Thirty-nine, and One hundred and twenty-three. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

55 Geo. 3. c. 184. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, — and ends > in part; namely, — with the words, — other Duties in lieu thereof - J Section Twenty-three.

c. 185. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties, — and ends I. in part; namely, — with the words, — new Duties in lieu thereof - - J Section Seven from " and shall suffer " to the end of that Section.

57 Geo. 3. c. 70. in part. AnAc'relieve persons impugning: the Doctrine of|in m namel the Holy Inmty from certain Penalties, m Ireland -J r J The whole Act, so far as it extends to Ireland such of the provisions of 19 Geo. 3. c. 44. as were repealed by 34 & 35 Vict. c. 48. s. 1., and the provisions of 53 Geo. 3. c. 160.

59 Geo. 3. c. 7. in part. An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England - in part; namely, — Section Two. Q 3

37 & 38 Vice.

c. 36. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year" of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in >inpart; namely, — that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes - Sections Twenty-one, Twenty-two, and Thirty-seven.

c. 107. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection or certain Goods in Ireland.

1 Geo. 4. c. 14. in part. GEORGE IV. An Act to repeal the Drawback on certain Gold Articles"] exported; and to permit the Exportation of Cordage, I. entitled to Bounty, free from Right of Pre-emption, | by the Commissioners of the Navy - J Section Three.

c. 30. An Act for relieving Ewart Rutson and Company of Liverpool, and others, from the Bonds granted for the Duties on certain Spirits accidentally destroyed.

c. 109. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Pensions to Officers and Attendants upon His late Majesty and other Persons to whom His said late Majesty had granted Pensions and Allowances.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 28. in part. An Act for abolishing the African Company, and trans] faring to and vesting m His Majesty all the Forts L namely, — Possessions, and Property now belonging to or held f r > by them ---- -J Sections Two and Four.

c. 53. in part. An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the Civil Side*] of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court 1 . of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law | P ' Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland - -J Section Ten from " shall be payable from time to time " to " and that " the said salaries respectively"; and from "on the Fifth Day of " January " to " October in every Year." Section Sixty-one.

c. 63. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

c. 66. in part. An Act for regulating the Fur Trade, and establishing 1 a Criminal and Civu Jurisdiction within certain Parts V in part; namely, — of North America - - - J Section Five. Section Six to Thirteen, so far as they relate to Vancouver's Island and British Columbia. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 77. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to abolish, — and ends with the words, — Gaolers, V in part; namely, — Bailiffs, and other Officers - - J Section Eight, the words "nor to the Marshalsea of the City of " Dublin."

3 Geo. 4. c. 30. in part. An Act for reducing, during the Continuance of the present Duty on Malt, the Duty on Malt made from >* in part; namely, — Bear or Bigg only, in Scotland - - J Section Nineteen.

187

c. 69. An Act to enable the Judges of the several Courts of Record at Westminster to make Regulations respecting the Fees of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the said Courts.

c. 72. in part. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, "] passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of 1 . His late Majesty, for Building and promoting the | P*9 building of additional Churches in populous ParishesJ Sections Ten, Eleven, and Twenty-seven.

c. 96. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, — and ends with the words, — Produce of New South Wales. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 98. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Pensions to the Servants of Her late Majesty Queen Caroline.

c. 119. in part. An Act to regulate the Trade of the Provinces of Lower ] s and Upper Canada, and for other Purposes relating I in part; namely, — to the said Provinces - - J Except Sections Thirty-one and Thirty-two. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

5 Geo. 4. c. 12. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act ] to facilitate, — and ends with the words, — Houses of > in part; namely, — Correction in England and Wales - J Sections Two, Twelve to Fourteen, and Eighteen.

c. 90. in part. An Act to amend an Act for building additional Places \w of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland J 1 P ' Section One from "the said recited Act shall be and the same" to " repeal thereof; and ".

c. 92. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorize the Payment of certain Duties, — and ends with the words, — such Docks and Warehouses.

6 Geo. 4. c. 7. in part. An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of] Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the Cases > in part; namely, — therein mentioned - - J Section Two from "and when any Window" to "increase of such " Window or Windows the words " or of the Increase of " Windows the words " or the additional Window or Windows " therein shall be made or restored and from " or such additional " Number of Window or Windows" to "any such additional " Window or Windows shall be made, opened, or restored." Section Six.

c. 30. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Adminis- > in part; namely, — tration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland J Section One from " out of and charged " to " payable out of the said " Fund and from "on the Fifth Day of January" to " passing of " this Act." Section Sixteen from " by the Deputy Keeper " to the end of that Section.

c. 50. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Lawsl relative to Jurors and Junes -J Section Sixty-two.

c. 51. in part. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect] to Special Juries, and to Trials in Counties of Cities > in part; namely, — and Towns, and Towns Corporate, in Ireland - J Section One.

c. 69. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act 1 to provide for the Extinction, — and ends with the V in part; namely, — words, — Purposes relating to the said Province - J Section Nine from " and so mnch " to the end of that Section. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 69. in part. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Trans-"! ports kept to Labour in the Colonies; and better 1. regulating the Powers of Justices of the Peace in f P 9 New South Wales -J Sections Three and Five. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 85. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further regulating, — and ends with the words, — > in part; namely, — Colonies on the Coast of Coromandel - - J Section Eighteen. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 88. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to make Provision for the Salaries, — and ends with the words, — Resignation of their Offices. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 118. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to transfer the Collection, — and ends with the words, — Cocoa Paste.

7 Geo. 4. c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, — and ends with the words, — Bishops upon the Resignation of their Offices. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 68. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, as relates to the Election of Members to serve in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Upper Canada. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

7 & 8 Geo. 4.C. 52. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An*! Act to consolidate and amend, — and ends with the I. words, — Malt Duty on Spirits made in Scotland and f Ireland from Malt only - -J Section Eighty-two from " except " to the end of that Section.

c. 53. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to *| the Collection and Management of the Revenue of in part; namely, — Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland - J Section Seventy-five.

c. 62. An Act to authorize the Sale of a Part of the Clergy Reserves in the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 67. An Act for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland.

c. 71. in part. An Act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where *| the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds; V in part; namely, — and to regulate the Practice of Arrests - - J Section Six from " and that so much " to the end of that Section.

9 Geo. 4. c. 74. in part. An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal \ . j Justice in the East Indies - - / P J* Sections Thirty-six and Thirty-seven. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 83. in part. An Act to provide for the Administration of Justice in') New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for 1 - . the more effectual Government thereof, and for other [P ' Purposes relating thereto -J Sections Nine, Twenty to Twenty-three, Twenty-five to Thirty-three, Thirty-nine, and Forty-one. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 91. An Act to authorize the Advance of a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund for the Completion of the Welland Canal Navigation in Upper Canada.

c. 92. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating \. nar*. najnpiv to Savings Banks - - _ j m P > Sections Thirty-one and Thirty-seven. Section Fifty-five from " and such Exchequer Bills " to the end of that Section.

10 Geo. 4. c. 26. An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy.

c. 44. in part. An Act for improving the Police in and near the Me-1 a1w tropolis - }m namely, - Section Seven from " and all Persons" to the end of that Section.

c. 50. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to consolidate and amend, — and ends with the >in part; namely, — words, — Isles of Man and Alderney - - J Section Six. Section One hundred and eight from " and also subject" to " Crown in " England." Section One hundred and thirteen from "in the next " place so much of the monies 99 to " passing of this Act."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Win. 4. c. 34. c. 36. in part. An Act to authorize the Advance of a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund for the Completion of the Shubenaccadie Canal in Nova Scotia. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding 1 Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts; > in part; namely, — and the taking Bills pro confesso - J Section Fifteen, Rule Two, from " but in regard " to the end of that Rule; Rule Five, from " and this Rule shall apply " to the end of that Rule; and Rule Thirteen, from " and this Rule shall apply" to the end of that Rule.

c. 42. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts relating to the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

c. 53. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 57. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for the payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony in Ireland. Repealed except as to the County of the City of Dublin.

c. 58. in part. An Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appro- ] priation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by > in part; namely, — Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law - J Sections Seven, Eighteen, and Twenty-three.

c. 64. in part. An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by \ Retail in England ° - - { j-in part; namely, - Section Thirty, the words " and to the Sureties for the Parties licensed," and the words," and every such License shall be according to the " Form in the Schedule annexed to this Act."

c. 65. in part. An Act for 'consolidating and amending the Law reo lating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes L e, _ Coverts, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound f 1 Mind J Section Eleven. Section Twelve, so far as it relates to the Courts of Equity of the County Palatine of Chester, or the Courts of Great Sessions of the Principality of Wales. Sections Twenty-two and Thirty-seven.

37 & 38 Vict.

c. 69. in part. Section Thirty-eight, so far as it relates to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. Sections Thirty-nine and Forty-three. An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil") Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court 1 of Session, and for making certain other Alterations >in part; namely, — and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland Sections Twenty-eight, Thirty-nine, and Forty-six.

1 Will. 4. c. 1. WILLIAM IV. An Act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to provide for the Administration, — and ends with the words, — Guardianship of Her Person.

c. 3. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for the" better Administration of Justice, so far as relates to the Essoign and General Return Days of each Term, t. # and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; [p 9 and to declare the Law with regard to the Duration of the Terms in certain Cases -Sections One and Four.

c. 4. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act"] to render valid Acts done by the Governor, — and I. ends with the words, — Patents of Governors after the | p Demise of the Crown - -J Section One.

c. 5. An Act to apply the Sum of One'million eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — Reign of His present Majesty.

c. 7. in part. An Act for the more speedy Judgment and Execution" in Actions brought in, His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Court of Common Pleas I . ., of the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amend- ^in part; namely»-ing the Law as to Judgment on a Cognovit actionem in Cases of Bankruptcy - - J Section Two from " although the Writ of Distringas " to " after such Day." Sections Five, Seven, and Eight.

c. 9. An Act to apply the Sum of Five Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 10. An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 11. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 12. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for one Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 13. in part., An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year"! of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for appropriating the Rich- )»in part; namely, — mond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes j of a District Lunatic Asylum -J Section Two.

1

c. 14. c. 15. c. 16.

c. 17.

c. 21. in part.

c. 23.

c. 25.

Sc 2 Will. 4.

c. 1.

c. 3.

c. 4. in part.

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 8.

c. 11. c. 12.

o. 13. in part.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two an Act of the Fifty-fourth year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scoltand.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Printed Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs.

An Act to improve the Proceedings in Prohibition and 1 .

on Writs of Mandamus - - j-in part; namely,

Section Two.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

An Act for the support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing, — and ends with the words, — Garden belonging to Buckingham House.

An Act to revive and continue expired Commissions, Appointments Patents, and Grants in Ireland; and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have acted as Deputy Lieutenan in Scotland without due Qualification.

An Act to abolish certain Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in the Customs and Excise Departments of His Majesty's Revenue, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof -

Section Four from " or the Oaths by an Act " to " materials use " in building Churches Sections Seven and Eight.

An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

An Act for continuing, until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

f-in part namely, -

An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists, and the Ballots and Enrolments, for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen in case She shall survive His Majesty.

An Act for ascertaining the Boundaries of the Forest of Dean, and for inquiring into the Rights and Privileges claimed by Free Miners of the Hundred of Saint Briavel's, and for other Purposes.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Nineteenth Year of King George the Third, for repealing so much of several Acts as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation f of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that King- I dom into Great Britain - -J

Sections Five to Seven.

in part; namely, —

c. 14. An Act for raising the Sura of Thirteen millions six hundred and sixteen thousand four hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 17. in part. An Act to provide for the better Order and Government of Ireland, by Lieutenants for the several [Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns | P8*15 therein -J Sections Thirteen to Sixteen.

c. 18. in part. An Act for transferring the Duties of Receivers General *1 of the Land and Assessed Taxes to Persons executing I the Offices of Inspectors of Taxes, and for making >in part; namely, — other Provisions for the Receipt and Remittance of the said Taxes -J Sections One and Three to Five. Section Seven, from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Sections Nine and Thirteen.

c. 19. c. 20. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Candles. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an annual sum to Her Royal Highness Victoria Maria Louisa Duchess of Kent, for a more adequate Provision for Her said Royal Highness, and for the honourable Support and Education of Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent.

c. 22. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Hackney Car-"' riages, and to Waggons, Carts, and Drays, used in the Metropolis; and to place the Collection of I the Duties on Hackney Carriages and on Hawkers | P8*5 and Pedlars in England under the Commissioners of Stamps - - Sections One, Twenty-six, Twenty-nine, Thirty-four, Thirty-eight to Forty, Forty-two, and Forty-six. Section Forty-seven, the words u according to the Rates and Fares contained in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed." Section Sixty-four. Section Sixty-five, from " and every such Summons " to the end of that Section. Sections Sixty-six, Sixty-seven, Seventy-two, and Seventy-five to Seventy-eight. Forms, 5, 6, 7, in Schedule (D.)

c. 24. in part. An Act to amend several Acts passed for authorizing*' the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries 1. and Employment of the Poor; and to authorize a [P8 51181X1 further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the purposes of the said Acts -Sections One to Twelve. Section Thirteen to " Cashiers of the Tsaid Bank of England; and Sections Fourteen to Sixteen, and Twenty-three.

c. 25. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike 1 Roads in England, so far as they relate to certain i* in part; namely, — Exemptions from Toll - - J Section Two.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-second Year, — and ends with the words, — Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 27. An Act to enable the Treasurer of the County of Clare to issue his Warrants for the levying of the Presentments made at the Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 28.

c. 31. in part.

c. 32. in part.

c. 33. in part.

c. 34. c. 35.

c. 36.

c. 38. in part.

c. 41. in part.

c. 44. in part.

c. 45. in part.

c. 46.

An Act to apply the Surplus of Ways and Means and a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in \ .,

Ireland - .....] m part; namely, —

Sections Ten, Twelve, Thirteen, Nineteen to Twenty-one, and Twenty-four.

An Act to amend the Laws in England relative to j^n . name]y __ Section One.

Section Thirty-seven from " and no Inhabitant " to the end of that Section.

Schedule (B.)

An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public 1 .

Works in Ireland - - _ }m part; namely, -

Sections One to Four, Ten, Thirty-nine, Fifty-three to Sixty-two, Ninety-six, One hundred and seven to One hundred and eleven, and One hundred and thirteen.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to continue the Enquiries concerning Charities in England and Wales for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

An Act to explain and amend an Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

An Act to repeal several Acts and Parts of Acts prohibiting the Payment of Wages in Goods, or otherwise than in the current Coin of the Realm.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Actn passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the ^in part; namely, — " Acts for building and promoting the building of " additional Churches in populous Parishes "

Section One.

An Act for amending the Laws relative to the Appoint- *| ment of Special Constables, and for the better Pre- > in part; namely, -servation of the Peace -

Section Twenty.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled," An Act to prevent and punish tumultuous " Risings- of Persons within this Kingdom, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned 99 Section One.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in' the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made " by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and " Curacies;" and for other Purposes Sections One and Ten.

>*in part; namely, —

>in part; namely, —

An Act to allow the Importation of Lumber, and of Fish and Provisions, Duty-free, into the Islands of Barbadoes and Saint Vincent; and to indemnify the Governors and others for having permitted the Importation of those Articles Duty-free.

c. 47. An Act the title of which begins xoith the words, — An Act to revive, for One Year, — and ends with the words, — the said Acts since the Expiration thereof.

c. 52. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to provide for the more speedy Examination, controuling, and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland.

c. 53. c. 54. An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties on Hope. An Act to apply the Sum of One million eight hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 55. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for suppressing the illicit making of Malt and Distillation > in part; namely, — of Spirits in Ireland - - - J Section Nine so far as it relates to licences to makers of stills. Sections Fifty-four to Fifty-six.

c. 57. in part. An Act to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to 1 . ., sink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers - J in namely. Section One hundred and three.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1. in part. An Act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor Generali of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's >inpart; namely, — Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and for other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues - -J Section One from " and from and after such Appointment " to the end of that Section. Sections Two to Six. Section Ten from " shall have the like Privilege " to " in all other respects *\ Sections Eleven to Fourteen, Twenty-four, Twenty-five, and Thirty.

c. 2. An Act to provide for the taking in and Payment of outstanding Lottery Tickets.

c. 3. An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Completion of the Repair and Improvement of Buckingham Palace.

c. 4. in part. An Act for more effectually preventing Embezzlements "I by Persons employed in the Public Service of His > in part; namely, Majesty - - J Section Six.

c. 6. An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 8. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 9. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals and for preventing contagious Diseases in Ireland.

c. 10. An Act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in England.

c. 11. An Act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland.

c. 12. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 14. An Act to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of a Sum of Money towards the Erection of certain Revenue Buildings at Liverpool

c. 16. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws regulating l the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removed J- in part; namely, — of Goods under the Laws of Excise - J Section Twenty from " so much of an Act " to " as relates to Permits, and Sections Twenty-two and Twenty-three.

c. 17. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

c. 18. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 19. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 20. An Act to provide for the Sale, Manufacture, and Consumption of Tobacco grown in Ireland before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 21. in part. An Act to repeal several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and > in part; namely, — to regulate the same - - J Section One.

c. 22. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousana eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 23. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 27. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland.

c. 28. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 29. An Act to reduce the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Scotland and Ireland.

c. 30. An Act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 32. in part. An Act for the Erection of a Nisi Prius Court House \ in Dublin |in part; namely, - Sections One and Three.

c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to allow the Importation, — and ends with the words, — those Articles Duty-free.

c. 38. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 39. in part. An Act for Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions \ in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster . / m Pm > namely, Sections Twelve to Fourteen and Sixteen to Eighteen. Section Nineteen from "shall subject" to "exempt therefrom, or". Section Twenty. Section Twenty-one to " Writs of Latitat Sections Twenty-two and Twenty-three. The Schedule. It 2

37 & 38 Vict.

c. 43. An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in India.

c. 44. An Act to continue for Three Years, and to amend, the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

c. 45. in part. An Act to amend the Representation of the People in \ n . a naTTlftiv England and Wales ..... |in pare; namely, Section Nineteen. Section Twenty from " for the unexpired Residue, whatever it may " be, of any Term originally created for a Period of not less than " Sixty Years'' to "Ten Pounds over and above all Rents and " Charges payable out of or in respect of the same, or Section Thirty from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Section Thirty-three from " Provided nevertheless " to the end of that Section. Also Section Sixty-eight, the words " except the Borough of Monmouth," but as to these words, so long only as 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. continues in force. Sections Eighty to Eighty-two. Schedule (L.)

c. 48. in part. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of the Crown 1, in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland - Jm P* ' namely* Section One from " and who shall receive " to the end of that Section. Sections Seven to Thirteen. Section Fourteen from " and from and after " to the end of that Section. Sections Seventeen, Thirty-four, and Thirty-six.

c. 50. An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 53. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws re- \ .., lating to the Payment of Army Prize Money - J P; amely. Section One, Section Twenty-one from "upon every Order" to " His Majesty; and that ".

c. 54. An Act for making Provision for the Dispatch of the Business now done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

c. 55. An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

c. 57. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act") to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act, — I. ., and ends with the words, — Funds belonging to Cha- | P ' amely, rities - -J Except Section Three.

c. 59. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities, 1 — and ends with the words, — Annuities for Terms of | P 5 Years ---- -J Sections One, Three, Four, and Seventeen. Section Nineteen, the words " and suffer Death ". Section Twenty-one.

c. 60. in part. An Act for holding the Assizes for the King's County "1 in Ireland, Twice in every year, at Tullamoore, in- i- in part; namely, — stead of Philipstown - - J Section Three.

c. 62. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases, and substituting a lesser Punishment in lieu thereof.

c. 64. in part. An Act to settle and describe the Divisions of Counties"] and the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England 1 -aTnAiv and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of | 9 *9 Members to serve in Parliament - J Section Thirty-nine.

c. 70. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

c. 71. in part. An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in cer- \ ^. name]y tain Cases - - j P >* Section Nine, the words "or Ireland ". Sections Ten and Eleven.

c. 74. c. 75. in part. c. 76. An Act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Mangel Wurzel. An Act for regulating Schools of Anatomy - - in part; namely, — Sections Twenty and Twenty-one. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the # Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

c. 77. An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

c. 78. in part. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Island'] of Newfoundland, and to provide for the Appropri- 1 . ation of all Duties which may hereafter be raised f m P*1*5 namev* within the said Island - - J Section Two. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 79. An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, an Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty relating to the Fisheries in Newfoundland.

c. 83. An Act to authorize for One Year the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland, in Cases of epidemic Diseases.

c. 87. in part. An Act to regulate the Office for registering Deeds, ., Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland - - fin ^; namely>- Section One. Section Four, from " subject however" to the end of that Section. Sections Twenty and Thirty-four.

c. 88. in part. An Act to amend the Representation of the People of \ , Ireland - - J in Par* amev > Sections Four, Seven, and Eight. Section Twelve, from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Sections Thirty-seven to Forty-seven, Fifty-six, Sixty-one, Sixty-three, Sixty-five, and Sixty-six. Section Sixty-seven, from " every Barrister" to " Consolidated Fund $ and ". Section Sixty-nine.

c. 89. in part. An Act to settle and describe the Limits of Cities, ! Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, in so far as respects V in part; namely, — the Election of Members to serve in Parliament - J Section Five.

c. 90. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant Compensation to the Inspectors and Coal Meters of the City of Dublin, and to impose a Rate upon Coals imported into the Port of Dublin, to provide a Fund for such Compensation.

c. 92. in part. An Act for transferring the Powers of the High Court of Delegates, both in Ecclesiastical^and Maritime > in part; namely, — Causes, to His Majesty in Council - - J Except Section Three. R 3

c. 93. in part.

c. 94. c. 95.

c. 96.

c. 97.

c. 100. in part.

' c. 101.

c. 103. in part.

c. 105. in part.

c. 108. in part.

c. 109.

c. 110.

c. 111. in part.

c. 112. in part.

c. 115. in part.

An Act for enforcing the Process upon Contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland - J P

Section Four.

The rest of the Act, so far as relates to causes cognizable in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions eight hundred and ninety-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

An Act for the better Employment of Labourers in Agricultural Parishes until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

An Act to repeal several Acts for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers, and the Widows and Families of deceased Soldiers, to return to their Homes.

An Act for shortening the Time required in Claims of*]

Modus decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge in part; namely, — of Tithes - - . -

Section Three.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to appoint a Person to act as Sheriff of Selkirkshire during the Incapacity of the present Sheriff.

An Act to provide for the Examination and Audit of\

the Customs and Excise Revenues in Scotland - J 1 P

Sections One, and Six to Eight.

An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the"

Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time >in part; namely, — being from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown -Sections Six to Eight.

An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to 1 the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the V in part; namely, — better Preservation of the Peace -

Sections Thirteen and Twenty.

An Act for settling and securing Annuities on the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton and on his next Heir Male, in consideration of the eminent Services of the said Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Duties to be performed by the Officers on the Plea or Common Lmv Side of the Court of Exchequer.

An Act to abolish certain Sinecure 0es connected with the Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the Lord High Chancellor on his Retirement from

Office .....

Sections One and Two.

An Act to authorize the Hereditary Land Revenues of

the Crown in Scotland being placed under the I. - — -i-Management of the Commissioners of the Land f 9

Revenues ---- -J Section Two.

An Act for the better securing the Charitable Donations T and Bequests of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Vin part; namely, — Britain professing the Roman Catholic Religion - J Section Three.

in part; namely, —

199

c. 116. in part. An Act to provide for the Salaries of certain High and Judicial Officers, and of Payments heretofore > in part; namely, — made out of the Civil List Revenues - - J Section One, from "to the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench" to " Westminster, Eight thousand Pounds from " who may have " been appointed before " to " One thousand eight hundred and " twenty-eight, and to those from " to the Cursitor Baron " to " Six thousand Poundsthe words " to the Judge of the Admiralty " Court in Ireland, Five hundred Pounds "j and from " save and " except " to " Interest in the said Office." Sections TVo, Nine to Eleven, Fourteen and Fifteen.

C. 117. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Justices of the Peace, and of Juries, in the East Indies. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 118. An Act to restrain for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland.

c. 119. An Act to amend three Acts passed respectively in the Fourth, Fifth, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland; and to make such Compositions permanent.

c. 120. in part. An Act to repeal the Duties under the Management ofl the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horses let for Hire in Great Britain, and to >in part; namely, — grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to con- j solidate and amend the Laws relating thereto - J Section One. Section Six, from "unless such Person " to "every such License, nor ". Section Seven, from " having fixed " to " such Plate as aforesaid, or ", and from "the Person named " to " in force or not, or ". Section Thirty-five. Section Thirty-six, from " and also the Names " to " outside thereof respectively ", Sections Thirty-eight to Forty-two, Forty-four and Forty-six. Section Forty-seven, from " or if the Driver of any Stage Carriage shall " suffer " to " distinctly legible ". Section One hundred and one, from " all Duties " to " provided by this Act; and". Sections One hundred and twelve, and One hundred and eighteen to One hundred and twenty.

c. 121. An Act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the French and Emperor of all the Russias, and the King of Bavaria.

c. 122. An Act for making Provision for the Lord High Chancellor of England in lieu of Fees heretofore received by him.

c. 123. in part. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in \. ^. namely certain Cases of Forgery - .fip> j* Section Two.

c. 125. in part. An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue ofl Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Pur- 1 poses and in the Manner therein mentioned; and >in part; namely, — for giving Relief to Trinidad, British Guiana, and j St. Lucie ---- -J Sections One to Four, Ten to Twelve, Fourteen to Twenty, Forty, and Forty-three to Forty-eight. Section Fifty-seven, from " and there shall be provided " to the end of that Section.

87 & 38 Vict.

c. 126. Sections Fifty-eight, Fifty-nine, and Sixty-two (a). Section Sixty-four (a), the words " and shall suffer Death as in Cases " of Felony/' Section Sixty-five (a). Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 127. in part. An Act for appointing additional Commissioners to put! in execution the Acts for granting an Aid to His I, non, ol_ Majesty by a Land Tax, and continuing the Duties | 9 on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions - -J Section Three.

3&4 Will.4. c.l. An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

: c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing to His Majesty, — and ends with the words, — the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

c. 4. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of local Disturbances and dangerous Associations in Ireland.

c. 5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 6. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c.ll. c. 12. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Tiles. An Act to repeal the Duties on Personal Estates continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament.

c. 13. in part. An Act to provide for the Execution of the Dutiesl performed by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland | in relation to the Public Revenue, and to place the I . ., Management of the Assessed Taxes and Land Tax | in Scotland under the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes - Sections Three, Seven, and Nine.

c. 14. in part. An Act to enable Depositors in Savings Banks, and"' others, to purchase Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks; and to amend an Act >in part; namely, — of the Ninth Y'eur of His late Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks - J Except Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-eight, and Twenty-nine.

c. 18. An Act to apply the Sum of Six Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Y'ear One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

c. 20. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before either House of Parliament touching the Charge of Bribery in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stafford.

c. 21. An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 22. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sewers - in part; namely, — Section Forty-four.

(a.) In the ordinary printed Editions, the latter part of Sect. 62 is printed as Sect. 63, and Sects. 64, 65 are numbered respectively 65 and 66.

c. 25. c. 26.

c. 27.

in part.

c. 28.

c. 29.

in part.

c. 33.

c. 35. in part.

c. 38.

c. 41. in part.

c. 42. in part.

c. 44.

c. 48. in part.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen millions seven hundred fifty-two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third as imposes Fines on the Masters of Vessels lying in the River Liffey for having Fires on board.

An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits re-1

lating to Real Property, and for simplifying the > in part; namely, — Remedies for trying the Rights thereto -

Section Thirty-six, the words " a Writ of Right of Dower, or Writ of " Dower under Nihil habet, or a Quare impedit, or ", and the words " except a Plaint for Freebench or Dower ".

Sections Thirty-seven and Thirty-eight.

Section Forty-four from " and shall not " to the end of that Section.

Section Forty-five.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty King George the First, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Trade.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to make further Provisions with respect to the Payment of Pensions, — and ends with the words, —

Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital -

Section Three.

Section Four firom " all Orders " to " One Shilling only, and that ".

An Act to amend Three Acts passed for maintaining and keeping in repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and to improve certain Lines of Communication in the Counties of Inverness and Ross.

|*in part; namely, —

An Act to remedy certain Defects as to the Recovery"1 of Rates and Assessments made by Commissioners and other Persons under divers Inclosure and S*in part; namely, — Drainage Acts after the Execution of the final Awards of the said Commissioners -Section Five.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to extend to the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, — and ends with the words, — Hundred of Saint Briavels, and for other Purposes.

An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His \

Majesty's Privy Council - m part; namely, -

Section One, the words " Judge of the Prerogative Court of the Lord " Archbishop of Canterbury ".

An Act for the further Amendment of the Law, and 1 .___.

the better Advancement of Justice - - .)part; namely, -

Sections One, Ten, Fifteen, Twenty-one, Twenty-six, Twenty-seven, Thirty-six, and Forty-four.

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts of the Seventh and Eighth Years and the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth as inflicts the Punishment of Death upon Persons breaking, entering, and stealing in a Dwelling House; also for giving Power to the Judges to add to the Punishment of Transportation for Life in certain Cases of Forgery, and in certain other Cases.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, relating to Stage Carriages in Great Britain; and also to explain and amend an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney Carriages used in the Metropolis - -J

Sections One to Three.

>inpart; namely, —

' c. 50. in part.

c. 62.

c. 66.

c. 67.

in part.

c. 68.

in part.

c. 69. in part.

c. 71.

in part.

c. 73. in part.

An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the \ .

Customs ..... - _ j-m part; namely.

Sections One and Two.

Section Three from "and also an Act passed in the Fifty-first" to " in amity with His Majesty "; from " and also an Act passed in the " Fourth Year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the " Fourth, intituled An Act for regulating " to " made for amending " the Baid last-mentioned Act"; from "and also an Act passed in the forty-third" to " shall extend to Ireland "; the words " and also all Acts whereby any Drawback of Duty is granted in " respect of Materials used in building of Churches and Chapels "; from " and also so much of an Act " to " Islands of North " America"; from "and also an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled "An Act to amend " to " Sale after Importation "; and from " and " also an Act passed in the Second " to " such Compensation

Sections Four to Six.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage, and Porterage belonging to the Corporation of London.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty for the Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster -

Section One.

Section Two from "from and after" to "juratores, and that"; and from " Provided alwayB," to the end of that Section.

j^in part; namely, —

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of\; i —

Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail in Ireland - J m P,

Sections Fourteen and Twenty.

Section Twenty-three from " every such Information " to "committed; and ".

Sections Thirty-nine and Forty.

An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of the Com-^| missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in relation to the >inpart; namely, — Management and Disposition of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Scotland -J

Sections One and Eighteen.

Act for the Appointment of convenient Places forlinpart namely, - the holding of Assizes in England and Wales - J r J

Section One.

An Act for the Abolition of Slavery throughout the '

British Colonies, for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves, and for compensating the Persons hitherto entitled to the Services of such Slaves

Sections One to Eleven.

Section Twelve from " subject to the Obligations " to " manumitted;" and that ".

Sections Thirteen to Twenty-three.

Section Sixty-one from " Provided nevertheless " to the end of that Section.

Sections Sixty-two, Sixty-three, and Sixty-five.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

-in part; namely, —

c. 74. in put. An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of > in part; namely, — Assurance - - J Sections Seventeen, Fifty-five, Seventy, and Ninety-three.

c. 75. An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament Two Acts for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera in England and Scotland.

c. 76. in part. An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election ] of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal in part; namely, — Burghs in Scotland - - - J Section Six from " and the Sheriffs acting " to the end of that Section.

c. 78. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Grand Juries in \ . Ireland - - - _ jin part; namely, — Except Sections Seventy-three, Seventy-four, Eighty-one, and Eighty-seven.

c. 79. An Act to provide for the more impartial Trial of Offences in certain Cases in Ireland.

c. 80. in part. An Act requiring the annual Statements of Trustees'] or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads to be trans- 1 . mitted to the Secretary of State, and afterwards laid f P 5 ame before Parliament - - -J Section Nine.

c. 81. An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for providing Fixtures, Furniture, Fittings, and Decorations for Buckingham Palace.

c. 83. in part. An Act to compel Banks issuing Promissory Notes" payable to Bearer on Demand to make Returns of their Notes in Circulation, and to authorize Banks to >in part; namely, — issue Notes payable in London for less than Fifty Pounds -Sections One and Three.

c. 84. in part. An Act to provide for the Performance of the Duties *| of certain Offices connected with the Court of Chan- > in part; namely, — cerv which have been abolished - J Section One. Section Four, the words " to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery the " yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds and from " to the Secretary of Lunatics " to " Two hundred Pounds." Section Five from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Section Seven. Section Eight, from " shall be issued " to " and the said Salaries or " sums "; and from u at the Four usual Days " to the end of that Section.

c. 85. in part. An Act for effecting an Arrangement with the East India Company, and for the better Government of His Majesty's Indian Territories, till the Thirtieth Sin part; namely, — Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty- four ---- J Sections Three to Eighteen, Twenty to Twenty-four, Twenty-six to Thirty-five, Thirty-seven, Forty-one, Forty-two, and Fifty-three to Fifty-five. Section Fifty-six from " and that the Governor General of India " to the end of that Section. Sections Fifty-eight, Sixty, and Seventy-two. Section Eighty-one from " Provided " to the end of that Section. Sections Eighty-two, One hundred and eight to One hundred and eleven, and One hundred and thirteen to the end of the Act. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 90. in part. An Act to repeal an Act of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the lighting j . and watching of Parishes in England and Wales, | P" 7* and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof - J Sections One to Three, and Sixty-five.

c. 91. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws re- . nal*. namelr — lative to Jurors and Juries in Ireland - -JmP 9 7* Section Fifty to " worthy of Credit and not suspect."

c. 92. in part. An Act to explain and amend the Provisions of certain *| Acts for the erecting and establishing Public In- > in part; namely, — firmaries, Hospitals, and Dispensaries in Ireland - J Sections Two, Three, and Five. Section Six from " for and in consideration " to " George the Third ".

c. 93. in part. An Act to regulate the Trade to China and India - in part; namely, — Section One. Section Two from " so much of an Act " to " any other Act of Parliament contained ". Sections Three, Four, and Six. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 94. in part. An Act for the Regulation of the Proceedings and Prac- *| tice of certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery V in part; namely, — in England - - J Sections One to Eight. Section Nine from " and subject " to " Clerk of Reports "; from " and Ten Clerks" to "to be such Junior Clerk"; the word " also "; and the words " of the Clerk of Reports and Sections Eleven, Twelve, and Sixteen to Eighteen. Section Twenty from " Masters in Ordinary " to " Clerk of Affidavits and ". Sections Twenty-five, and Twenty-seven to Twenty-nine. Section Thirty-one from " and there shall hereafter " to the end of that Section. Section Thirty-two. Section Thirty-three from " by the said Accountant " to " Fee Fund " Account "; and from " the first of such quarterly " to the end of that Section. Also Sections Thirty-three and Thirty-four and the Schedule, except so far as they respectively relate to the clerks of entries and tfc examiners and their clerks. Sections Thirty-nine to Forty-two, and Forty-eight to Fifty-three.

c. 96. An Act to apply the Sum of Six Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament

c. 97.' An Act to prevent the selling and uttering of forged Stamps, and to exempt from Stamp Duty artificial Mineral Waters in Great Britain, and to allow a Drawback on the Exportation of Gold and Silver Plate manufactured in Ireland.

c. 98. in part. An Act for giving to the Corporation of the Governor T and Company of the Bank of England certain Privi- > in part; namely, — leges, for a limited Period, under certain Conditions J Sections Five, Nine to Thirteen, and Fifteen.

c. 99. in part. An Act for facilitating the Appointment of Sheriffs, ! and the more effectual Audit and passing of their Accounts; and for the more speedy Return and Re- . n# . -covery of Fines, Issues, forfeited Recognizances, [7- Penalties, and Deodands; and to abolish certain 1 Offices in the Court of Exchequer -j Sections One, Fourteen to Twenty-two, and Forty-one to Forty-five. [Section Forty-six from " Provided always " to the end of that Section.

c. 100.

c. 102.

c. 103. in part.

4&5 Will.4. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6.

c.

c. 10.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Relief of the Owners of Tithes in Ireland, — and ends with the words, — Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to make such Compositions permanent.

An Act to repeal certain penal Enactments made in the Parliament of Ireland against Roman Catholic Clergymen for celebrating Marriages contrary to the Provisions of certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland.

An Act to regulate the Labour of Children and young ]

Persons in the Mills and Factories of the United V in part; namely, — Kingdom -

Section One from " Provided always" to the end of that Section.

Sections Two, Four, Seven, Eight, Ten, and Thirteen.

Section Eighteen from " and such Inspectors are also hereby authorized " and required to enforce" to " kept in such Factory9 9; and from " and such Inspectors shall also " to the end of that Section.

Section Nineteen from " and such Person so appointed 99 to the end of that Section.

Sections Twenty to Twenty-seven, Twenty-nine to Forty-four, and Forty-six to Forty-eight.

The Schedule.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Labour of Children and young Persons in the Mills and Factories of the United Kingdom.

An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal at the Period within mentioned, — and ends with the words, — Inland Postage within His Majesty's Dominions in North America.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act for continuing until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire with the present or the next Session of Parliament.

c. 11. in part.

c. 12.

c. 14.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty until the Fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five certain Duties on Offices and Pensions, for the I- .

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and f *9

thirty-four; and to appropriate any Sums arising from the Redemption of the Land Tax Except Section Five.

An Act to apply a Sum of Seven Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as authorizes the issuing any Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Encouragement

of the raising and dressing Hemp or Flax

c. 16. in part. An Act to abolish the Office of Recorder of the Great "I Roll or Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scot- > in part; namely, — land - - J Sections One and Three.

c. 17. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption and illegal Practices in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Warwick.

c. 18. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Freemen of Liverpool from voting at the Election of Members of Parliament for that Borough.

c. 19. in part. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Inhabited Dwelling \ j namely Houses - J P ' Sections One and Two.

c. 24. in part. An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for*1 regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allow- 1. # namely ances to be made to Persons in respect of their having f " 9 held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service -J Section Eight. Section Twenty-eight from " as well as " to " in respect of such Emoluments Sections Twenty-nine and Thirty-one. The Schedule.

c. 26. c. 28. in part. An Act to abolish the Practice of hanging the Bodies of Criminals in Chains. An Act to amend the Laws relative to Marriages cele- "I brated by Roman Catholic Priests and Ministers not > in part; namely, — of the Established Church, in Scotland - - J Except Section Two.

c. 30. in part. An Act to facilitate the Exchange of Lands lying \ . namely in Common Fields - - - / I. The last Section.

c. 32. in part. Afc?oS'X"3S., h' T"*gt R*" T11' "}»!> — *- Sections One, Two, and Eleven.

c. 33. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as requires Deposits to be made upon Teas sold at the Sales of the East India Company.

c. 36. An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices, and for the safer Construction of Chimneys and Flues.

c. 36. in part. An Act for establishing a new Court for the Trial"! of Offences committed in the Metropolis and Parts > in part; namely, — adjoining - - J Sections Six to Eight. So much of Section Thirteen as requires that no indictments shall be presented before the Grand Jury of the Central Criminal Court unless the party prosecuting shall have first entered into recognizances to prosecute. Sections Seventeen, Twenty-four, and Twenty-five.

c. 37. An Act to prohibit any further Lotteries under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of Glasgow.

c. 38. An Act to continue under certain Modifications, to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Suppression of Local Disturbances and Dangerous Associations in Ireland.

* w 00 5? Statute Law Revision. Ch. 35. 207

c. 42. in part. An Act to facilitate the taking of Affidavits and Affir- *] mations in the Court of the Vice-Warden of the > in part; namely, — Stannaries of Cornwall - - J Section Two.

c. 45. An Act to amend an Act of the present Session, for altering and consolidating the Laws for regulating the Pensions and Allowances to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service.

c. 51. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Collection \ # and Management of the Revenue of Excise - - j m P > Y> Section Four. Section Five from " and such Officer*' to the end of that Section. Sections Ten, Fifteen, Eighteen, Twenty-six, Thirty-one, and Thirty-two.

c. 53. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

c. 55. An Act to amend Three Acts made respectively in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland; and to provide for the more effectual Levy of Grand Jury Cess.

c. 56. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 58. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions three hundred and eighty-four thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to extend the Term of an Act, — and ends with the words, — and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 60. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Land and *| Assessed Taxes, and to consolidate the Boards of > in part; namely, — Stamps and Taxes - - - J Sections Three and Four. Section Six from "and then and in such Case'* to the end of that Section. Section Eight from "and it shall be lawful" to "think fit to be " Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes *, and from "Provided always *' to the end of that Section. Section Ten. Section Eleven from " all Bonds and Securities to " Management of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes; and *.

c. 61. in part. An Act for the more effectually providing for the \ Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland - - / m "ely, -Sections Seven, Eleven to Fifteen, Twenty-three, and Twenty-four.

c. 62. in part. An Act for improving the Practice and Proceedings in *| the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine > in part; namely, — of Lancaster - - J Sections One to Eight, and Ten to Thirteen. Section Fourteen from " shall subject" to "therefrom, or *. Sections Fifteen, Sixteen, Twenty, and Twenty-three. Section Thirty-three from " and that every Writ to " Return of the " Venire facias juratores ". Sections Thirty-six and Thirty-seven. The Schedule. S 2

c. 63.

c. 64.

c. 65. in part.

c. 68.

c. 69.

c. 70. in part.

c. 71.

c. 72. in part.

c. 73. c. 74.

c. 75. in part.

c. 76. in part.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — until the First Day of J uly One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice \ .

at Norfolk Island ..... | in part; namely, -

Section One.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to authorize an Advance out of the General Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland, towards the purchasing of Ground, and building thereon Offices necessary to the Courts of Justice in Dublin.

An Act for placing the Mumbles Head Lighthouse, in the County of Glamorgan, under the Management of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond.

An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Officers of thel

House of Commons, and to abolish the Sinecure I.

Offices of Principal Committee Clerks and Clerks of f *; e Ingrossments - - -J

Section Two.

Section Three to " and of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners u of the Fee Fund of the House of Commons ".

Sections Four to Eight.

An Act to repeal certain Provisions of Two Acts of His Majesty King George the Third, affecting the Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors of Newspapers in Ireland.

An Act to amend several Acts for authorizing the Issue"') of Exchequer Bills for carrying on Public Works j and Fisheries and Employment of tfee Poor; and to >inpart; namely, — authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the J Purposes of the said Acts -J

Except Section Twelve.

An Act to grant Relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes in certain Cases.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to impose additional Duties on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom -

Except Sections Nine and Ten.

An Act for the Amendment and better Administration 1

of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and > in part; namely, — Wales - -J

Sections One to Thirteen.

Section Fifteen from " and for the Management of Parish Poor Children " to " kept and maintained ".

Sections Sixteen and Seventeen.

Section Twenty from " no Order or Regulation " to " made by the " said Commissioners; and that ".

Sections Twenty-one and Twenty-two, so far as they relate to 22 Geo. 3. c. 83.

Sections Thirty and Thirty-one.

Section Forty, the words " and every such Appointment shall remain " in force until revoked or recalled by such Owner".

*in part; namely, —

209

c. 77. in part. Sections Forty-one and Forty-two, so far as they relate to 22 Geo. 3. c. 83. Sections Fifty, Fifty-three, Sixty, Sixty-five, Sixty-nine, Seventy, Seventy-two to Seventy-six, Eighty-three, Eighty-seven, Eighty-eight, Ninety-one, One hundred, and One hundred and ten. An Act for repealing the Duties on Starch, Stone 1 Bottles, Sweets or made Wines, Mead or Metheglin, I in part; namely, — and on Scaleboard made from Wood - - J Except Sections Ten and Eleven.

c. 78. in part. An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and \, Practice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland - namely, Section Ten. Section Thirteen from " henceforth " to " no other Form; and that Sections Nineteen to Thirty-five, Thirty-seven, and Thirty-eight.

c. 83. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus Decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes.

c. 84. An Act to apply a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Grants to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 86. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of! His present Majesty, to permit the general Sale of > in part; namely, — Beer and Cider by Retail in England - - J Sections Twenty-one and Twenty-three. The Schedule.

c. 91. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then

c. 92. in part. next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads which will expire during the present or before the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend the several Acts regulating the Post Roads, in Ir^and. An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of > in part; namely, — Assurance in Ireland - - J Sections Fourteen, Forty-eight, Sixty-two, and Eighty-two.

c. 93. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Appeals against Summary Convictions before Justices of the Peace in Ireland.

5&6 Will.4. c.l. An Act to explain an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales, so far as relates to the Execution of Criminals in the County of Chester.

c. 3. An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify the Governor General, — and ends with the words, — to make those Acts valid.

c. 7. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 9. An Act to apply a Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

c. 10. An Act to allow, until the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, the Importation of certain Articles, Duty-free, into the Island of Dominica, and to indemnify the Governor and others for having permitted the Importation of such Articles Duty-free. S 3

c. 12. An Act for continuing to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue to the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

c. 15. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and to the Ena of the then next Session of Parliament, the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in certain Manufactures.

c. 16. in part. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding *| Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, 1 in part; namely, — and the taking Bills pro Confesso, in Ireland - J Section Twelve, Rule Two, from " and this Rule shall apply " to the end of that Rule; and Rule Ten from " and this Rule snail apply to the end of that Rule.

c. 17. in part. An Act to extend to Ireland certain Provisions of an Act made and passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Ifeign intituled An Act for consolidating I . namely, — and amending the Laws relating to Property belonging 1 9 to Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind - -Section One. So much of Section Two as relates to or affects idiots, lunatics, or persons of unsound mind, or their property.

c. 18. in part. c. 20. in part. An Act to exempt Carriages carrying Manure from Toll - in part; namely, — Section Three. An Act to consolidate certain Offices in the Collection "I of the Revenues of Stamps and Taxes, and to amend > in part; namely, — the Laws relating thereto - J Sections One to Three. Section Nine from " and the first " to the end of that Section. Section Ten from M and so much " to the end of that Section. Section Twelve from " nothing in this Act " to " respectively; and " that ". Sections Twenty-two to Twenty-five.

c. 23. An Act for the Establishment of Loan Societies in England and Wales; and to extend the Provisions of the Friendly Societies Acts to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man.

c. 24. in part. An Act for the Encouragement of the voluntary Enlistment of Seamen, and to make Regulations for more > in part; namely, — effectually manning His Majesty's Navy - - J Section Ten.

c. 26. in part. An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for \ . namely the holding of Assizes in Ireland - J 1 p 9 Section One.

c. 27. in part. An Act to continue and amend certain Regulations \ . i for the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland J P*' Sections Nine, Fifteen, Twenty-seven to Thirty, and Thirty-eight.

c. 30. An Act for protecting the Revenues of vacant Ecclesiastical Dignities, Prebends, Canonries, and Benefices without Cure of Souls, and for preventing the Lapse thereof, during the pending Inquiries respecting j the State of the Established Church in England and Wales.

c. 31. I An Act to give Effect and Validity to certain Contracts and Presentments for repairing and keeping in repair certain Public Roads in Ireland and the Sureties entered into for the Execution thereof.

c. 35. in part. An Act for consolidating the Offices of Paymaster"! General, Paymaster and Treasurer of Chelsea Hos- I . pital. Treasurer of the Navy, and Treasurer of the f1 Ordnance ---- -J Sections Two, Six, Eight, Nine, and Twelve.

c. 38. in part. An Act for effecting greater Uniformity of Practice in"! the Government of the several Prisons in England 1 . _orn<ll_ and Wales; and for appointing Inspectors of Prisons [P in Great Britain - - -J Sections One and Thirteen to Sixteen.

c. 39. m part. An Act to exempt certain Retailers of Spirits to a small"! Amount from the additional Duties on Licences; and 1 _OTn-iv to discontinue the Excise Survey on Wine, and the f P Use of Permits for the Removal thereof - -J Sections One, Two, and Eight.

c. 41. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities given for Considerations arising out of gaming, usurious, > in part; namely, — and certain other illegal Transactions - - J Except so much of Sections One and Two as relates to the Acts of the ninth and eleventh years of the reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne therein recited or referred to.

c. 43. in part. Section Two.

c. 44. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions five hundred twenty-one thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

c. 46. An Act to amend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the Dispatch of the Business now done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

c. 47. in part. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Third! and Fourth Year* of His present Majesty as relates to the Amount of the Salary granted to the Clerk fin part; namely, — of the Crown in Chancery; and to make other Provisions in relation to the said Office - -J Section One. Section Two from "and the Sum so allowed" to the end of that Section. Sections Four and Five.

c. 48. An Act for the better Prevention and more speedy Punishment of Offences endangering the Public Peace in Ireland.

c. 49. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six or with the next Session of Parliament.

c. 50. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating 1 to Highways in that Part of Great Britain called > in part; namely, — England - - J Sections One to Four. Section Forty-four from " Provided nevertheless " to the end of that Section. Sections Seventy-one, One hundred, and One hundred and twenty.

c. 51. in part. An Act for granting Relief to the Island of Dominica f and to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for enabling His >in part; namely, Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount for the Purposes therein mentioned

c. 54. in part. Sections One to Four. So much of Section Five as incorporates or applies any repealed enactment. Sections Six, Eight, Ten, and Eleven. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions. An Act to render certain Marriages valid, and to . nftTWAiy the Law with respect to certain voidable Marriages - J m Section Four.

c. 65. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act! for facilitating the Appointment of Sheriffs in Ire- I -m . namely _. land, — and ends with the words, — Commissioners for | v *9 auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain -J Sections Eighteen to Twenty-two, and Twenty-six to Thirty. Section Thirty-one from " and it shall be lawful " to the end of that Section. Sections Forty-two to Forty-five. The Second Schedule.

c. 57. in part. An Act to extend to Scotland certain Provisions of an-) Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, to con- I solidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings >in part; namely, — Banks; and to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Scotland - -J Sections Two, Three, and Five.

c. 68. in part. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Hereditary \ Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland - -jm Part' Section Two.

c. 62. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament, — and ends with the words, — and to make >in part; namely, — other Provisions for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths - Sections One, Twenty-two, and Twenty-three.

c. 63. in part. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty relating to Weights and L Measures, and to make other Provisions instead f thereof ---- -J Sections One to Three, Eighteen, Twenty, Forty-one, and Forty-six.

c. 64. in part. An Act to alter certain Duties of Stamps and Assessed \. ., Taxes, and to regulate the Collection thereof - J & Sections Three and Six.

c. 67. c. 68. An Act for the improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

c. 70. in part. An Act for abolishing, in Scotland, Imprisonment for \ . b . __ Civil Debts of small Amount - J 1 E*; namei7» Section One from " Provided 99 to the end of that Section. Section Two from " unless 99 to the end of that Section. Section Six.

c. 71. An Act for appointing Commissioners to continue the Inquiries concerning Charities in England and Wales until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

c. 74. in part. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Tithes - - in part; namely, — Section One from " nor to any Case" to the end of that Section. Section Two from "and in case any Person " to the end of that Section

213

c. 76. in part. An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal'! ., , Corporations in England and Wales - -|m Parti namely, - Section Eleven from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Sections Thirty-eight and Forty-two. Section Sixty-one from " and every Person " to the end of that Section. Section Seventy-four. So much of Section Eighty-four as enacts that so much of all Acts named in conjunction 'with any Borough in the Schedule E. to the Act annexed as relates to the Appointment, Regulation, Powers, and Duties, or to the Assessment or Collection of any Rate to provide for the Expenses of any Watchmen, Constables, Patrol, or Police for any Place situated within such Borough, shall cease and determine. Section Eighty-nine from " and in the Superintendents " to " Establishments ". Section Ninety-seven. Section One hundred and three from " Provided also, that in every Borough " to the end of that Section. Section One hundred and seven, from M Provided nevertheless" to the end of that Section. Sections One hundred and ten and One hundred and twenty. Section One hundred and twenty-three from " and so much " to the end of that Section. Section One hundred and twenty-eight from "and no Person" to u Use of such Borough Fund M. Sections One hundred and forty, One hundred and forty-one, and One hundred and forty-three. Schedule (E.)

# c. 78. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the" Second and Third Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for amending the Representation of the Sin part; namely, — People in Scotland; and to diminish the Expenses there Section Fourteen.

c. 79. An Act to suspend, until after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six. Proceedings for recovering Payment of certain Instalments of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland.

c. 80. An Act to apply a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 81. An Act for abolishing Capital Punishments in Case9 of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

c. 82. An Act to abolish certain Offices connected with Fines and Recoveries and the Cursitors in the Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the Abolition of certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law in England.

c. 84. in part. An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland to raise"! Money by Presentment for the Construction, En- > in part; namely, — largement, or Repair of Piers and Quays - - J Section One from " and every such Application ' to the end of that Section. Sections Two to Four.

6 & 7 Will* 4. c. 1. An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven.

c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven.

c. 4.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10.

c. 11. in part.

c. 13. in part.

c. 16.

c. 17.

c. 18.

c. 19. in part.

c. 20. in part.

c. 23.

c. 24. in part.

c. 28. in part.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Stafford from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

An Act for the Registration of Aliens, and to repeal an I

Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His I-in part; namely, — late Majesty for that Purpose -

Sections One, Twelve, and Thirteen.

An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Con- ,

stabulary Force in Ireland - .J-mpart; namely, -

Sections One to Four and Eight.

Section Eleven from " Provided always " to the end of that Section.

Section Thirteen from " and thereupon " to the end of that Section.

Section Twenty-six.

Section Twenty-nine from "to each Deputy Inspector" to "the Sum " of Eight hundred Pounds ".

Section Thirty-four from "Provided always" to the end of that Section.

Sections Forty-six to Forty-eight.

Section Fifty-one from "and a Copy" to the end of that Section.

Sections Fifty-six and Fifty-eight.

An Act to revive and continue in force, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, an Act of the Legislature of Jamaica to explain and amend an Act for the Abolition of Slavery in that Island, and in aid of the same.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in certain of His Majesty's West India Colonies.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

An Act for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the 1

County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of > in part; namely — Durham -

Section One from " or any Appointment " to the end of that Section.

Section Two from " subject nevertheless " to " continuing in Office ".

Sections Four, Five, Eight, and Ten.

An Act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Re- \ .

newal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons - - /1 P »

Section Eleven.

An Act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in a Chapel of Ease, in the Parish of Wandsworth > in part; namely, — in the County of Surrey called Saint Ann's Chapel J

Section Two.

An Act to enable Persons to make Deposits of Stock"'!

or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving Security by Bond I.

to the Postmaster General and Commissioners of | 9

Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and TaxesJ

Sections Nine and Seventeen.

1874.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 35.

215

c. 29. in part.

c. 33. in part.

c. 34. in part.

c. 36. in part.

c. 37.

in part.

c. 38. in part.

c. 39.

c. 40.

c. 41. in part.

c. 42. in part.

c. 44.

An Act for improving the Police in the District ofl. Dar+. name]v__

Dublin Metropolis ... j-in pan, amejy,

Section Three.

Section Ten from " and it shall be lawful " to " paid to him under this Act ".

Sections Eighteen, Twenty, and Twenty-four to Twenty-nine.

Section Thirty from " it shall and may " to " passed; and that ". Sections Thirty-one and Thirty-four.

Section Thirty-eight from " and no Person " to " mentioned in this Act".

Sections Forty-five and Forty-six.

An Act to amend and regulate the Law of Scotland as 1 to Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resig- > in part; namely, nation ad rem'anentiam -

Section One from " Provided always " to " think fit to direct ". Section Two.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh and

Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for the better Administration of ^inpart; namely, -Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland -Except Section Eleven.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Laws re- > in part; namely, — lating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland -

Section One.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating I.

to Bread, — and ends with the words, -Flour, and fmpart; namely —

Bread, beyond the Limits aforesaid -

Sections Thirty-four and Thirty-six.

Ad. Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and" '

Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to " Excise Licences, and to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, w Beer, and Cyder by Retail in Ireland " -

Sections Four, Seventeen, Nineteen, Twenty-one, and Twenty-five.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

An Act to abolish the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, *

and to regulate the Mode of taking Proofs in Con- > in part; namely, — sistorial Causes in Scotland -

Section One from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Section Two to end of Act.

An Act to grant certain Powers to Heirs of Entail in"

Scotland, and to authorize the Sale of Entailed I.

Lands for the Payment of certain Debts affecting | ?*; name

the same ---- -J

Section Twenty-one from " and where such Application 99 to the end of that Section.

An Act to continue the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

inpart; namely, —

216

c. 46. 4 An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land.

c. 47. An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

o. 48. An Act to indemnify the Governors and others of the Islands of Antigua, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat for having permitted the importation of certain Articles Duty-free.

c. 61. in part. An Act for converting the Richmond General PenitenO tiary into one of the Prisons for the County of the 1 . i City of Dublin, and to amend the Law relating to f 9 Prisons in Ireland -J Section Five. Section Six from " so much " to " throughout Ireland; and that 99 Section Seven.

c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Paper, — and ends with the words, — Dealers in and Retailers of Vinegar.

c. 53. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Admiralty Jurisdiction to the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales's Island, Singapore, and Malacca. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 56. in part. An Act for regulating the Process of Cessio bonorum in the Court of Session, and for extending the Juris- Unpart; namely, — diction of Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases - J Section Eighteen from " and an Act " to the end of that section. Sections Twenty-one and Twenty-two.

c. 62. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire with the present or the next Session of Parliament.

c. 63. An Act to facilitate, until the Nineteenth day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Recovery of certain Arrears of Highway Rates and Composition in lieu of Statute Duty.

c. 66. in part. An Act to prevent the advertising of Foreign and \ , namejT other illegal Lotteries - - J From " One moiety thereof" to the end of the Act.

c. 67. An Act for suspending for One Year Appointments to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Australia.

c. 71. in part. An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and \. ., Wales ---- in part; namely. Sections One, Four to Nine, Eleven, Twenty-five, Ninety-two, and Ninety-seven.

c. 72. An Act to impose countervailing Duties of Excise on Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities made from or with Spirits removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, and to grant countervailing Drawbacks on the Removal of the same; to repeal the additional Duties, of Excise on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom; and to alter the Laws relating to Distillers and Retailers of Spirits.

217

c. 73. An Act to continue until the First Day of July next, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Despatch of Business done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

c. 74. in part. An Act to abolish certain Offices connected withl the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide > in part; namely, — for the Performance of the Duties thereof - - J Section One. Section Three from "and that it shall and may be lawful" to the end of that Section. Section Four from "and that there shall be One Assistant " to the end of that Section. Section Five. Section Six from "and that John William Ball *9 to the end of that Section. Sections Nine and Ten. Section Eleven from "and that Francis Prendergast" to "Clerks " in the said Office99. Section Thirteen from " and to the present Clerks" to " First Schedule " to this Act annexed*'- Sections Fifteen and Sixteen. Section Seventeen, the words "to be paid out of the Funds of the " respective Offices to which such Clerk or Clerks shall be appointed*. Sections Twenty to Thirty-one, Thirty-six and Thirty-seven. f The First Schedule.

c. 77. in part. An Act for carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to consider the state of the Established Church in England and Wales, I . ., with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, \ P *9 so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage - - -J Section One, the words "John Lord Bishop of Lincoln, James " Henry Lord Bishop of Gloucester '*. Section Two from " the Two last-named Bishops to " Sign Manual; 1 " and that *; the words " Two last-named Bishops and *'; the words " instead of any such Commissioner being a Bishop, some other ' " Bishop of England or Wales, and *'; and the words " Bishop or *'. J Section Six from " at each Meeting" to " so preside; and .; Seclions Twenty to Twenty-five.

c. 79. I | An Act for vesting Lighthouses, Lights, and Sea Marks on the Coasts of England in the Corporation of Trinity House, Deptford Strond, and for making provisions respecting Lighthouses, Lights, Buoys, Beacons, and Sea Marks, and the Tolls and Duties payable in respect thereof.

c. 84. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland; and to incorporate certain detached Portions of Counties and Baronies with those Counties and Baronies respectively whereto the same may adjoin or wherein the same are locally situate.

c. 85. in part. An Act for Marriages in England - in part; namely, — Section Four, the words " in the Form of Schedule (A.) to this Act " annexed, or to the like Effect *'. Sections Six and Seven. Section Eleven from " in the Form of Schedule (C.) '* to " on granting " such Licence *. Section Twelve. Section Fourteen from " and ncflMamage" to the end of that Section. Section Seventeen, the words " Subject to the Approval of the Board " of Guardians thereof *.

19* Rvxce 2(2.] T

c. 86. in part.

c. 87. in part.

c. 88.

c. 90.

c. 92. in part.

c. 93.

c. 94.

c. 95.

c. 96. in part.

c. 97. in part.

c. 98.

c. 100.

c. 101.

c. 104. in part.

Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-nine, 'Thirty-five, and Thirty-eight. Section Thirty-nine, the Words "or if the Marriage is by licence " within Seven Days after such Entry ".

Section Forty-three.

Schedules (A.), (B.), and (C.)

An Act for 'Registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages \ -n ... namej_ _ in England - -J p

Section One.

Section Thirty-nine from " according to the Provisions" to the end of that Section.

Sections Forty-eight and Fifty.

An Act for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the

Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain I. Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, f *

and Cambridge - - -J

Section Two from " and all Persons" to the end of that Section. Section Four from " Provided always" to the end of that Section. Section Thirteen from " and all Persons" to the end of that Section. Sections Seventeen, Eighteen, Twenty-one, and Twenty-two.

An Act to suspend to the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of May, — and ends with the words, — expeditious in Scotland.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in \, the Church of Saint Clement, Oxford - - J 1 P8*; 118111

Section Two.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

An Act to amend an Act for enabling His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty, the King of the French, the Emperor of all the Russias, and the King of Bavaria.

An Act to suspend, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven. Proceedings for recovering Payment of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland. '

An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments - - in part; namely —

Section Nine.

An Act for continuing and making perpetual the Duty 1 .

on certain Offices and Pensions - j m Part 5 name J *

Section One from " and all such Sums of Money " to the end of that Section.

An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns it Ireland.

in Act to legalize certain Lists of Voters and of Claims and Objections for the present Year.

An Act for th% better Administration of the Fund in certain Boroughs -Sections Four and Six.

fin part; namely, —

An Act to make Provision for the better and more expeditious Administration of Justice in the Stannaries of Cornwall, and for the enlarging the Jurisdiction and improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Courts of the said Stannaries -

in part; namely, —

Sections Three, Twenty-three, Forty-five, and Forty-six.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and "I

Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Exten- >in part; namely, — sion and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland - J Sections One and Two.

Section Three from " not less " to " such Loan or Advance ".

Section Sixteen from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Sections Nineteen, Twenty, and Twenty-two.

An Act to repeal certain Provisions respecting the Coal Trade,

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-fourth" Year of King George the Third respecting Copyrights as requires the Delivery of a Copy of every published Book to the Libraries of Sion College, the Four Universities of Scotland, and of the King's Inns in Dublin -

in part; namely, —

Section One.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

An Act for enabling Persons indicted of Felony t°\in part j namely, -make their Defence by Counsel or Attorney - - J j>

Section Five from " this Act " to " Parliament j and that ",

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to 1 the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries Vin part; namely, — in Ireland -

Sections Two, Fifty-three, Fifty-nine, and Sixty-five.

Section Eighty-one from " Provided always '' to " distinct; and "; and the rest of that Section so far as it relates to presentments for dispensaries.

Sections Eighty-eight, Eighty-nine, and Ninety-five.

Section One hundred and one from " An Act passed in the Fifty- fourth Year" to "Magistrates, in certain Cases, or any Act " amending the same, or ".

Sections One hundred and two to One hundred and four. One hundred and fifteen, and One hundred and eighteen.

Section One hundred and nineteen to "locally situate ".

Section One hundred and forty-seven, the words "resident in the " Barony or Half Barony or Baronies ".

Section One hundred and forty-nine from "the Treasurer of each " County " to " rated at; and ".

Sections One hundred and fifty and One hundred and fifty-one.

Section One hundred and seventy-one from " and no Inhabitant " to the end of that Section.

Sections One hundred and eighty-one to One hundred and eighty-four and One hundred and eighty-six.

Also so much of the rest of the Act as relates to the summary jurisdiction of justices as to any of the offences upon or relating to public roads in the Act 14 & 15 Vict. c. 92. mentioned.

An Act to suspend for a limited Time the Operation of Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, and for Marriages in England.

37 & 38 Vict.

c. 2. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending 1 . the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public namdy- Money by Grand Juries in Ireland - J Sections One, Five, Seven, Eleven, and Twenty.

c. 3. An Act for transferring to the Commissioners of the Admiralty all Contracts, Bonds, and other Securities entered into with the Postmaster General in relation to the Packet Service.

c. 4. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Powers of the Commissioners for inquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

c. 5. An Act for amending an Act of His late Majesty, for restricting the Punishment of Leasing-making, Sedition, and Blasphemy, in Scotland.

c. 6. An Act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

c. 7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 11. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

c. 16. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

c. 17. in part. An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund certain'* Monies paid into the Exchequer, and usually applied as a Part of the Annual Aids and Supplies; and for t #, _ cancelling Stock transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of the Redemption of Land Tax - Section One from " pursuant to several Acts " to " Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and "; from " and also the additional Sum " to " Annuities remaining unclaimed "; and from " Provided " to the end of that Section. Sections Two and Three.

c. 18. An Act for continuing until the First Day of June One thousand ei*& hundred and thirty-nine, and to the Ena of the then Session of Pari* ment, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Gm* Britain which will expire with the present or with the next Session of Parliament.

c. 19. in part. An Act to empower the Recorder or other Person* presiding in Quarter Sessions in Corporate Cities and Towns, and Justices of the Peace for Counties, >in part; namely, — Ridings, or Divisions, to divide their respective Courts in certain Cases -Sections Four and Five.

c. 21. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for the Extension and\ . t, Promotion of Public Works in Ireland - . m part, namely, Sections One, Two, and Nine to Eleven.

c. 22. in part. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the "j last Session of Parliament, for Marriages, and for > in part; namely, — registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England J Sections Seven and Twenty-four. Section Twenty-six from " or by an Act " to u for Marriages in England ", Section Thirty-two.

c. 24. in part.

c. 25. in part.

c. 26. in part.

c. 27.

c. 29. in part.

c. 30. in part.

c. 32. in part.

c. 33. in part.

c. 36. in part.

>in part; namely, —

in part; namely, -

in part; namely, —

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth, to provide for improving and rebuilding Shire Halls,

County Halls, and other Buildings for holding the Assizes and Grand Sessions, and also Judges Lodgings, throughout England and Wales -

Section Five.

An Act to make more effectual Provisions relating to\. i

the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis - f1 P ' ?9

Section Four from " and the said Justices " to the end of that Section.

Sections Five to Ten, Thirteen to Eighteen, and Twenty-eight.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect \. ___allF

to Wills ..... -/in Part; namely, -

Sections Two and Thirty-six.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

An Act for enabling Her Majesty to grant the Rank'' of General Officers to Foreigners now bearing Her Majesty's Commission, and to permit the Enlistment of Foreigners under certain Restrictions

Section One.

An Act to abolish certain Offices in the Superior Courts'1 of Common Law, and to make Provision for a more effective and uniform Establishment of Officers in those Courts -

Section Three from " and the Persons 99 to the end of that Section.

Sections Four, Six, and Eight.

Section Ten from " Provided always 99 to the end of that Section.

Section Twelve from " Provided always 99 to the end of that Section.

Section Sixteen.

Section Seventeen from " Provided always" to the end of that Section.

Sections Twenty, Twenty-five, and Twenty-nine.

Schedule (B.)

An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Poat\., .

Office - - /ln part; namely,

Sections One and Five and Schedule (A.)

Also Section Two and Schedule (B.) so far as they respectively relate

to the Acts —

3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

3 Geo. 2. c. 36.

5 Geo. 3. c. 25.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 37.

27 Geo. 3. c. 13.

45 Geo. 3. c. 43.

46 Geo. 3. c. 134.

53 Geo. 3. c. 146.

55 Geo. 3. c. 120.

5 Geo. 4. c. 85.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 7.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 25.

An Act for the Management of the Post Office - in part; namely, —

Section Twenty-two.

An Act for consolidating the Laws relative to Offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and I for regulating the judicial Administration of the Post >in part; namely, — Office Laws, and for explaining certain Terms and I Expressions employed in those Laws -

Section Forty-nine.

c. 38. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred and twenty-three thousand three hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, — and ends with the words, — End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 41. in part. An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts, and for regulating the Esta- 1 . *. blishment of Circuit Courts for the Trial of Small | p Debt Causes by the Sheriffs, in Scotland - - J Sections One and Thirty-eight.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

c. 44. An Act to provide for the Costs of Prosecutions for concealing the Birth of Children by secret burying or otherwise disposing of their Dead Bodies.

c. 46. in part. An Act to vest the Rolls Estate in Her Majesty, and! to provide for the future Payment of the Salary of 1 . i the Master of the Rolls and the Expenses of the r p Rolls Chapel - - -J Section Ten.

c. 49. in part. An Act to amend certain Laws of Excise relating to \ . _ttrnoi_ the Duties on Malt made in the United Kingdom - J m P Sections One, Three, Four, Six, Eight, and Twelve.

c. 51. in part. An Act to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of yin part; namely, — the Poor, and to amend the Acts relating thereto - J Except Sections Eighteen and Nineteen.

c. 62. An Act to suspend to the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 53. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth and"' Seventh Years of His late Majesty, for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York >-inpart; namely, — and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Cambridge Section Nine.

c. 54. in part. An Act to provide more effectual Means to make') Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in I Ireland account for Public Monies, and to secure | part* the same ---- -J Sections Two, Nine, Ten, Fifteen, Sixteen, Twenty, and Twenty-one.

c. 55. in part. An Act for better regulating the Fees payable to Sheriffs \ upon the Execution of Civil Process - - namely, -Sections One and Six.

c. 56. An Act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

c. 57. in part. An Act to impose certain Duties of Excise on Sugar! . ., made from Beet Root in the United Kingdom - J 111 p Sections One, Twenty-two, and Twenty-three.

c. 58. An Act to revive and continue, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for suspending Proceedings for recovering Payment of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland.

c. 61. in part.

c. 63.

c. 64. in part.

c. 65.

c. 68. in part.

c. 69. in part.

c. 70.

c. 71. c. 73.

in part.

c. 74. c. 75. c. 76.

c. 77.

in part.

c. 78. in part.

An Act to extend an Exemption granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament from the Duties of Assessed Taxes, in respect of certain Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and to amend the Laws relating to the said Duties -

Sections One and Two.

in part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

An Act for regulating the Coroners of the County of\. nonifllw

Durham - - - _ j-m part; namely, -

Section Three from " and so much " to the end of that Section.

An Act to render valid certain Acts done in the Performance of Duties in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in the Court of Session, and for the better Regulation of the said Court of Exchequer.

An Act to provide for Payment of the Expenses of \ ^. namely_____

holding Coroners Inquests - . j m P J *

Section Five.

An Act to amend an Act for the Commutation of *1 ______ .

Tithes in England and Wales - - .j-mpart; namely, -

Section Thirteen.

An Act to authorise the Commissioners for the Affairs of India and the Court of Directors of the East India Company to suspend the subsisting Enactments concerning the Fourfold System of Nomination of Candidates for the East India Company's College at Haileybury, and for providing during such Suspension for the Examination of Candidates for the said College.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of August, — and ends with the words, — Measures in progress for the Alteration of Dioceses.

An Act for better enabling Her Majesty to confer "1 certain Powers and Immunities on trading and > in part; namely, — other Companies -

Section One.

An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland.

An Act to prolong for Ten Years Her Majesty's Commission for building new Churches.

An Act to impose Rates of Packet Postage on East India Letters, and to amend certain Acts relating to the Post Office.

An Act to assimilate the Practice of the Central Criminal "'j Court to other Courts of Criminal J udicature within I the Kingdom of England and Wales, with respect f to Offenders liable to the Punishment of Death -

Sections Two and Eight.

in part; namely, —

An Act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Muni-1-, .

cipal Corporations in England and Wales - . J m part, namely, —

Section Two.

Section Four from " and no Burgess Listn to the end of that Section. Section Seven from " and in any Case " to the end of that Section. Section Ten.

Section Eleven from "so much" to " Vacancy as aforesaid; and ". Sections Twelve, Thirteen, Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-seven, and Twenty-nine,

224

Off* 3o, 36.

Statute Law Revision.

37 & 38 Vict.

c. 79.

c. 80.

c. 81. in part.

c. 82. in part.

# c. 84. in part.

c. 88. in part.

c. 91. in part.

An Act to apply the Sum of Five millions two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act to exempt certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

An Act to provide for the levying of Rates in Boroughs and Towns havings Municipal Corporations in England and Wales -Sections Two and Three.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Grand Juries in

Ireland, so far as to empower the Grand Jury of the i . # nftrnAi_

County of Fermanagh to reconstruct the Baronial i

Subdivisions of the said County -

Section Three.

j- in part; namely, —

An Act to abolish the Punishment of Death in Cases of \, Forgery ..... } m part; namely, -

So much as relates to the punishment of offences formerly punishable under the Acts 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 66., 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 45., or 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 51.

Also, except as to Scotland, so much as relates to the punishment of offences formerly punishable under the Acts 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 133. or 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 44.

Section Four from " or in an Act " to the end of that Section.

Section Five.

An Act to amend certain Acts relating to the Crime of \

Piracy - -jin Part; namely, -

Section One.

Section Four from " or in an Act " to the end of that Section.

Section Five.

An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in 1

certain Cases -

So much as relates to the punishment of offences formerly punishable under the Acts 59 Geo. 3. c. 136. or 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 53.

Section Three from " or in an Act " to the end of that Section.

Sections Four and Five.

Personation in order to obtain pro-

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to render Personation, with intent to deprive any Person of Real Estate or other property, Felony.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to personation: 4

Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If any person shall falsely and deceitfully personate any person, or the heir, executor, or administrator, wife, widow.

1874.

Personation.

Ch. 36, 37.

225

next of kin, or relation of any person, with intent fraudulently to to obtain any land, estate, chattel, money, valuable security, e ony* or property, he shall be guilty of felony, and upon conviction shall be liable, at the discretion of the court by which he is convicted, to be kept in penal servitude for life, or any period not less than five years, or to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement.

2. Nothing in this Act shall prevent any person from being Saving, proceeded against and punished under any other Act, or at common law, in respect of an offence (if any) punishable

as well under this Act as under any other Act, or at common offenceg law. against this Act not to be

3. No offence against this Act shall be prosecuted or tried tried at general

at any court of general or quarter sessions of the peace. or q.uarter

° A sessions.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the False Personation Act, 1874.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to alter and amend the Law as to Appointments under powers not exclusive.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS by deeds, wills, and other instruments, powers are frequently given to appoint real and personal property amongst several objects in such manner that no one of the objects of the power can be excluded, or some one or more of the objects of the power cannot be excluded by the donee of the power from a share of such property, but without requiring a substantial share of such property to be given to each object of the power, or to each object of the power who cannot be excluded:

And whereas instruments intended to operate as executions of such powers are frequently invalid in consequence of the donee of the power appointing in favour of some one or more of the objects of the power to the exclusion of the other or others, or some other or others of such objects, and it is expedient to amend the law so as to prevent such intended appointments failing:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. That no appointment, which from and after the passing Appointment* of this Act shall be made in exercise of any power to appoint ^hrith^ *

Ch. 37, 38.

Powers Law Amendment.

37 & 38 Vict.

standing one or more objects excluded.

[Proviso.]

any property real or personal amongst several objects, shall be invalid at law or in equity on the ground that any object of such power has been altogether excluded, but every such appointment shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding that any one or more of the objects shall not thereby or in default of appointment take a share or shares of the property subject to such power.

2. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect any provision in any deed, will, or other instrument creating any power, which shall declare the amount or the share or shares from which no object of the power shall be excluded, or some one or more object or objects of the power shall not be excluded.

Jurisdiction of criminal courts of Straits Settlements extended to offences committed out of the colony.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of Courts of the Colony of the Straits Settlements to certan Crimes and Offences committed out of the Colony.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS crimes and offences have been and are committed against the persons and property of the inhabitants and others interritories in the neighbourhood of the colony of the Straits Settlements by subjects of Her Majesty, and by others resident in the said colony at the time or within a short time before the commission of such crimes and offences, and it is expedient to provide for the trial and punishment of such persons, when found in the said colony, for such crimes and offences:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Crimes and offences committed out of the said colony of the Straits Settlements at any place in the Malayan Peninsula extending southward from the ninth degree of north latitude, or in any island lying within twenty miles from the coast thereof, by any of Her Majesty's subjects, or by any person being a subject of any of the native states in the said peninsula south of the said ninth degree of north latitude, but who is at the time of his committing such crime or offence resident in the said colony, or who has been so resident within six months before the commission of such crime or offence, shall be cognizable in the courts of the said colony exercising criminal jurisdiction, and shall be inquired of, tried, prosecuted, and, upon conviction, punished in such and the same manner

L.

Court& (Straits Settlements).

227

Ch. 38-40.

as if the crime or offence had been committed within the said colony.

2. Any person known or suspected to have committed a crime Apprehension or offence within the first section of this Act may be apprehended in the said colony, and kept in custody therein in colony, like manner as if the said crime or offence had been committed within the colony.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to provide for the exception of the Borough of Wenlock from the category of boroughs under the " Elementary Education Act, 1870."

[30th July 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. That for the purposes of the " Elementary Education Wenlock Act, 1870," the municipal borough of Wenlock shall not be deemed a deemed to be a; borough, and the elections for school boards boroughj &c. within the said borough shall take place and be conducted in the manner and under the regulations in such Act provided for a parish.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the powers of the Board of Trade with respect to inquiries, arbitrations, appointments, and other matters under special Acts, and to amend the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, so far as regards the reference of differences to the Railway Commissioners in lieu of Arbitrators.

[30th July 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Prdvminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Board of Trade Arbitra- Short title, tions, &c. Act, 1874.

Ch. 40. Board of Trade Arbitrations, Irvqmide 37 & 38 Vict.

Power of Board of Trade as to inquiry.

Expenses connected with arbitration, sanction, &c.

Part I.

Board of Trade Inquvrie8t <£c.

2, Where, under the provisions of any special Act passed either before or after the passing of this Act, the Board of Trade are required or authorised to sanction, approve, confirm, or determine any appointment, matter, or thing, or to make any order or to do any other act or thing for the purposes of such special Act, the Board of Trade may make such inquiry as they may think necessary for the purpose of enabling them to comply with such requisition or exercise such authority.

Where an inquiry is held by the Board of Trade for the purposes of this section, or in pursuance of any general or special Act passed either before or after the passing of this Act, directing or authorising them to {hold any inquiry, the Board of Trade may hold such inquiry by any person or persons duly authorised in that behalf by an order of the Board of Trade, and such inquiry if so held shall be deemed to be duly held.

3. Where application is made in pursuance of any special Act passed either before or after the passing of this Act, to the Board of Trade to be arbitrators, or to appoint any arbitrator, referee, engineer, or other person, or to hold any inquiry, or to sanction, approve, confirm, or determine, any appointment, matter, or thing, or to make any order, or to do any other act or thing for the purposes of such special Act, all expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in relation to such application and the proceedings consequent thereon, shall, to such amount as the Board of Trade may certify by their order to be due, be defrayed by the parties to such application, and (subject to any provision contained in the said special Act) shall be defrayed by such of the parties as the Board of Trade may by order direct, or if so directed by an order of the Board of Trade shall be paid as costs of the arbitration or reference.

The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, on or at any time after the making of the application, by order require the parties to the application, or any of them, to pay to the Board of Trade such sum as the Board of Trade think requisite for or on account of those expenses, or to give security to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade for the payment of those expenses on demand, and if such payment or security is not made or given may refuse to act in pursuance of the application.

All expenses directed by an order of the Board of Trade or an award in pursuance of this section to be paid may be recovered in any court of competent jurisdiction as a debt, and if payable to the Board of Trade, as a debt to the Crown,

229

1874. Board of Trade Arbitrations, Inquiries, <tc. Ch. 40.

and an order of the Board of Trade shall be conclusive evidence of the amount of such expenses.

4. In this part of this Act the term "special Act" means a Meaning of local or local and personal Act, or an Act of a local and personal nature, and includes a provisional order of the

Board of Trade confirmed by Act of Parliament and a certificate granted by the Board of Trade under the Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864.

An order of the Board of Trade for the purposes of this part Order o{ of this Act, or of any such special Act as is referred to in this part of this Act, may be made by writing under the hand be in writing, of the President, or of one of the secretaries of the Board.

5. The Act of the session of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth Repeal of years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighteen, 35 & 36 Vict. intituled An Act for regulating Inquiries by the Board of c *

" Trade," is hereby repealed, without prejudice to anything done or suffered under that Act.

Part II.

Reference to Railway Commissioners.

6. Where any difference to which a railway company or Power of canal company is a party is required or authorised under the Board of provisions of any general or special Act passed either before or after the passing of this Act, to be referred to the arbitration Railway of or to be determined or settled by the Board of Trade, or Commis-some person or persons appointed by the Board of Trade, arbitrators the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, by order in writing or umpire, under the hand of the President or one of the secretaries of the Board, refer the matter for the decision of the Railway Commissioners, and appoint them arbitrators or umpire, as the case may be, and thereupon the Commissioners for the time being shall have the same powers as if the matter had been referred to their decision in pursuance of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and also any further powers which the Board of Trade, or an arbitrator or arbitrators, or umpire, appointed by the Board of Trade, would have had for the purpose of the arbitration, if the difference had not been referred to the Commissioners: Provided always, that this section shall not apply to any case in which application is made to the Board of Trade for the appointment of an umpire under the twenty-eighth section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845." 7

7. Where any difference is referred for the decision of the Declaration Commissioners in pursuance of the Regulation of Railways *powers Act, 1873, as amended by this part of this Act, the Commissioners shall have the same power by their decision of re- arbitrations, scinding, varying, or adding to any award or other decision [So. 20 Price 2c/.] U

Duration, &c. of part of Act, and construction with 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 39.

Examination and ceasing to practise dispensed with where colonial attorney and solicitor has actually practised for seven years, and passed examination previous to admission.

[Short title.]

Cm 40, 41. Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. 37 & 38 Vict.

previously made by any arbitrator or arbitrators (including therein the Board of Trade) with reference to the same subject matter as any arbitrator or arbitrators would have had if the difference had been referred to him or them.

8. This part of this Act shall be construed as one with the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and shall continue in force for the same time as that Act and no longer, but the expiration of this part of this Act shall not affect the validity of anything done before such expiration.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, together with this part of this Act, may be cited as the Regulation of Railways Acts, 1873 and 1874.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend " The Colonial Attornies Relief Act."

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS by the Colonial Attornies Relief Act certain provisions are made for regulating the admission of attornies and solicitors of Colonial Courts in Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law and Equity in England in certain cases, and it is considered just and equitable to amend the said Act: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of the Colonial Attornies Relief Act as enacts that no person shall be deemed qualified to be admitted as attorney or solicitor under the provisions of the said Act unless he shall pass an examination to test his fitness and capacity, and shall further make affidavit that he has ceased for the space of twelve calendar months at the least to practise as attorney or solicitor in any colonial court of law, and also so much of the said Act and of any orders and regulations made thereunder as relate to such examination, shall not apply to nor shall compliance therewith respectively be required of any person seeking to be admitted as attorney or solicitor under the provisions of the said Act who shall have been in actual practice for the period of seven years at the least as attorney and solicitor in any colony or dependency as to which an order in council has been or may be made as mentioned in the said Act, and who shall have served under articles and passed an examination previously to his admission as attorney and solicitor in any such colony or dependency.

2. The expression "The Colonial Attornies Relief Act" shall henceforth be deemed to include this Act.

1874.

Building Societies.

Ch. 42.

231

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Building Societies.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the law relating to building societies:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Building Societies Act, Short title, 1874.

2. This Act shall commence and take effect on the second Commence-day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-ment of Act* four.

3. The registrar in this Act means (except where otherwise Definition of expressed) the registrar for the time being of friendly societies re£istrar* in England, Scotland, or Ireland, as the case may be, who shall, for the purposes of this Act, be the registrar of building societies.

4. The court in this Act means, — Definition of

In England, the county court of the district in which the court *

chief office or place of meeting for the business of the society is situate;

In Scotland, the sheriffs court of the county in which such office or place of meeting is situate; and In Ireland, the civil bill court within the jurisdiction of which such office or place of meeting is situate.

5. A terminating society in this Act means a society which Definition of

by its rules is to terminate at a fixed date, or when a result t

specified in its rules is attained; a permanent society means societies0^6 7 011 a society which has not by its rules any such fixed date or

specified result at which it shall terminate.

6. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following Application to words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned Scotland-

to them; viz.," freehold estate" shall mean " heritable estate " mortgage" shall mean " conveyance or bond and disposition in security" letters of administration" shall mean " confirmation."

7. The Act of the sixth and seventh years of His late Ma- Repeal of jesty King William the Fourth, chapter thirty-two, intituled 6 & 7 W-4-c*32 *

" An Act for the Regulation of Benefit Building Societies/' is

hereby repealed, but this repeal shall not affect any subsisting society certified under the said Act, until such society shall have obtained a certificate of incorporation under this Act;

' U 2

232

Ch. 42.

Building Societies.

37 & 38 Vict.

Societies under former Act to continue.

Incorporation of societies.

Enrolments to be sent to registrar.

Where enrolled, transcript of rules not transmitted.

Certificate of incorporation how to be granted.

and this repeal shall not affect the past operation of the said Act, or the force or operation, validity or invalidity, of anything done or suffered, or any bond or security given, or any right, title, obligation, or liability accrued, or any proceedings taken thereunder, or under the rules of any society which has been certified thereunder: Provided that with regard to such subsisting societies as may not obtain certificates of incorporation under this Act, all things required to be done by or sent to the barrister or advocate and the clerk of the peace under the provisions of the said repealed Act shall be done by or sent to the registrar.

8. Every society the rules of which have been certified under the said repealed Act shall be deemed to be a society under this Act, and may obtain a certificate of incorporation under this Act, and thereupon its rules shall, so far as the same are not contrary to any express provisions of this Act, continue in force until altered or rescinded as herein-after mentioned.

9. Every society now subsisting or hereafter established shall, upon receiving a certificate of incorporation under this Act, become a body corporate by its registered name, having perpetual succession, until terminated or dissolved in manner herein provided, and a common seal.

10. On the commencement of this Act all transcripts of the rules of societies certified and enrolled under the said repealed Act which are now filed with the rolls of the sessions of the peace of any county, riding or division, city or borough, liberty or place, shall, on a proper application made for that purpose, be taken off the file and transmitted by the clerk of the peace to the registrar, to be by him kept and registered; and upon such registration every such subsisting society shall be entitled to a certificate of incorporation on application to the registrar.

11. Any society now subsisting, the transcript of the rules of which is not transmitted to the registrar by the clerk of the peace, shall, upon furnishing the registrar with a copy of its rules, purporting to be certified or to be a true copy of rules certified by the barrister under the said repealed Act, authenticated by statutory declaration of the secretary or other officer of the society, as the registrar may require, be entitled to a certificate of incorporation, and such copy of rules shall be by him kept and registered.

12. A certificate of incorporation under this Act shall not be granted to an existing society except upon application to the registrar made by authority of a general meeting of the society specially called for the purpose; and the registrar may require of the person making the application a statutory declaration that such authority was duly given.

1874. Building Societies. Ch. 42.

13. Any number of persons may establish a society under this Act, either terminating or permanent, for the purpose of raising by the subscriptions of the members a stock or fund for making advances to members out of the funds of the society upon security of freehold, copyhold, or leasehold estate, by way of mortgage; and any society under this Act shall, so far as is necessary for the said purpose, have power to hold land with the right of foreclosure, and may from time to time raise funds by the issue of shares of one or more denominations, either paid up in full or to be paid by periodical or other subscriptions, and with or without accumulating interest, and may repay such funds when no longer required for the purposes of the society. Provided always, that any land to which any such society may become absolutely entitled by foreclosure, or by surrender, or other extinguishment of the right of redemption, shall as soon afterwards as may be conveniently practicable be sold or converted into money.

14. The liability of any member of any society under this Act in respect of any share upon which no advance has been made shall be limited to the amount actually paid or in arrear on such share, and in respect of any share upon which an advance has been made shall be limited to the amount payable thereon under any mortgage or other security or under the rules of the society.

15. With respect to the borrowing of money by societies under this Act, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) Any society under this Act may receive deposits or loans, at interest, within the limits in this section provided, from the members or other persons, or from corporate bodies, joint stock companies, or from any terminating building society, to be applied to the purposes of the society:

(2.) In a permanent society the total amount so received on deposit or loan and not repaid by the society shall not at any time exceed two thirds of the amount for the time being'secured to the society by mortgages from its members:

(3.) In a terminating society the total amount so received and not repaid may either be a sum not exceeding such two thirds as aforesaid, or a sum not exceeding twelve months subscriptions on the shares for the time being in force:

(4.) Any deposits with or loans to a society under this Act, made before the commencement of this Act in accordance with its certified rules, are hereby declared to be valid and binding on the spciety, but no further deposits or loans shall be received by such society, except within the limits provided by this section:

233

Purpose for which societies may be established.

Limitation of liability of members.

Power to borrow money.

Building Societies.

7 & 38 Vict.

Matters to be set forth in the rules.

Rules to be made.

(5.) Every deposit book or acknowledgment or security of any kind given for a deposit or loan by a society shall have printed or written therein^ or thereon the whole of the fourteenth and fifteenth sections of the present Act

16. The rules of every society hereafter established under this Act shall set forth, —

1. The name of the society, and chief office or place of meeting

for the business of the society:

2. The manner in which the stock or funds of the society

are to be raised, the terms upon which paid-up shares (if any) are to be issued and repaid, and whether preferential shares are to be issued, and, if so, within what limits, if any; and whether the society intends to avail itself of the borrowing powers contained in this Act, and, if so, within what limits, not exceeding the limits prescribed by this Act:

3. The purposes to which the funds of the society are to

be applied, and the manner in which they are to be invested:

4. The terms upon which shares may be withdrawn, and

upon which mortgages may be redeemed:

5. The manner of altering and rescinding the rules of the

society, and of making additional rules:

6. The manner of appointing, remunerating, and removing

the board of directors or committee of management, auditors, and other officers:

7. The manner of calling general and special meetings of the

members:

8. Provision for an annual or more frequent audit of the

accounts, and inspection by the auditors of the mortgages and other securities belonging to the society:

9. Whether disputes between the society and any of its

members, or any person claiming by or through any member, or under the rules, shall be settled by reference to the court, or to the registrar, or to arbitration:

10. Provision for the device, custody, and use of the seal of the society, which shall in all cases bear the registered name thereof:

11. Provision for the custody of the mortgage deeds and

other securities belonging to the society:

12. The powers and duties of the board of directors or committee of management and other officers:

13. The fines and forfeitures to be imposed on members of

the society:

14. The manner in which the society, whether terminating or permanent, shall be terminated or dissolved.

17. The persons intending to establish a society under this Act shall transmit to the registrar two copies of the rules

1874.

Building Societies.

Ch. 42.

235

agreed upon by them for the government of the society, signed by three of such persons and by the intended secretary or other officer; and the registrar, if he find that the rules contain all the provisions set forth in section sixteen of this Act, and that they are in conformity with this Act, shall return one copy of the rules to the secretary or other officer of the society, with a certificate of incorporation, and shall retain and register the other copy; provided that no society shall be registered Registration of under this Act in a name identical with that in which a rules, subsisting society is already registered, or so nearly resembling the same as to be calculated to deceive, unless such subsisting society is in course of being terminated or dissolved, and consents to such registration. The society shall supply to any person requiring the same a complete printed copy of the rules, with a copy of the certificate of incorporation appended thereto, and shall be entitled to charge for every such printed copy of rules a^sum not exceeding one shilling.

18. Any society under this Act, certified previously to the Alteration passing of this Act, may alter or rescind any rule or make any of raIes* additional rule by the vote of three fourths of the members present at a special meeting called for the purpose of which meeting notice, specifying the proposed alteration, rescission,

or addition shall be given to the members in the manner provided by the rules of the society, or in the absence of such rules, by letters sent through the post seven days previous to such meeting; and any society hereafter established may alter or rescind any rule, or make an additional rule, in the manner its rules direct; and every society under this Act altering or rescinding any rule, or making an additional rule, shall forward two copies of every resolution for rescission of a rule, and of every alteration of or addition to its rules, signed by three members and the secretary, and a statutory declaration of an officer of the society that the provisions of this section have been complied with, to the registrar, who, if he find that such alteration, addition, or rescission is in conformity with this Act, shall return one of the copies to the secretary or other officer of the society with a certificate of registration, and retain and register the other copy.

19. Any society under this Act, in a schedule to its rules, Rules may be

may describe the forms of conveyance, mortgage, transfer, agreement, bond, security for deposit or loan, or other instru- conveyance, ment necessary for carrying its purposes into execution. &c.

20. Any certificate of incorporation or of registration, or Evidence of other document relating to a society under this Act, purpor- re^stration* ting to be signed by the registrar, shall, in the absence of

any evidence to the contrary, be received by the court, and by all courts of law and equity and elsewhere, without proof of the signature; and a printed copy of the rules of a society.

Rales to be binding on members and others.

Change of name.

Officers to give security.

Officers to account.

Ch. 42. Building Societies. 37 & 38 Vict.

certified by the secretary or other officer of the society to be a true copy of its registered rules, shall, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, be received as evidence of the rules.

21. The rules of a society under this Act shall be binding on the several members and officers of the society, and on all persons claiming on account of a member, or under the rules, all of whom shall be deemed and taken to have full notice thereof.

22. A society under this Act may change its name by resolution of three fourths of the members present at a meeting called for the purpose, provided that the new name is not identical with that of any society previously registered and still subsisting, or so nearly resembling the same as to be calculated to deceive, unless such subsisting society is in course of being terminated or dissolved, and consents to such registration. Notice of the change of name shall be sent to the registrar and registered by him, and he shall give a certificate of registration. Such change of name shall not affect any right or obligation of the society, or of any member thereof, or other person concerned.

23. Every officer of a society under this Act having the receipt or charge of any money belonging to the society shall, before taking upon himself the execution of his office, become bound with one sufficient surety at the least, in a bond according to the form set forth in the schedule to this Act, or give the security of a guarantee society, or such other security as the society direct, in such sum as the society require, conditioned for rendering a just and true account of all moneys received and paid by him on account of the society, and for payment of all sums of money due from him to the society, at such times as its rules appoint, or as the society require him to do so.

24. Every such officer, his executors or administrators, shall, upon demand made, or notice in writing given or left at his last or usual place of residence, give in his account as may be required by the board of directors or committee of management of the society, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by them, and shall, on the like demand or notice, pay over all the moneys remaining in his hands, and deliver all securities and effects, books, papers, and property of the society in his hands or custody, to such person as the society appoint; and in case of any neglect or refusal to deliver such account, or to pay over such moneys, or to deliver such securities and effects, books, papers, and property, in mapner aforesaid, the society may sue upon the bond, or may apply to the court, who may proceed thereupon in a summary way, and make such order thereon as to the court in its discretion shall seem just, which order shall be final and conclusive.

1874.

Building Societies.

Ch. 42.

237

25. Any society under this Act may from time to time, as Investment the rules permit, invest any portion of the funds of the society f^ns^plus not immediately required for its purposes, upon real or leasehold securities, or in the public funds, or in or upon any parliamentary stock or securities, or in or upon any stock or securities payment of the interest on which is guaranteed by authority of Parliament, or in the case of terminating societies, with other societies under this Act; and for the purpose of investments in the public funds or upon security of copy-hold or customary estate, the society, or the board of directors or committee of management thereof, may from time to time appoint and remove trustees.

26. When any person in whose name any stock transferable When trustee at the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland is standing, either

jointly with another or others, or solely, as a trustee for any order stock to

society under this Act, is absent from England or Ireland be transferred.

respectively, or becomes bankrupt, or files any petition or

executes any deed for liquidation of his affairs by assignment

or arrangement, or for composition with his creditors, or

becomes a lunatic, or is dead, or if it be unknown whether such person is living or dead, the registrar, on application

in writing from the secretary or other officer of the society

and three members of the board of directors or committee of

management thereof, and on proof satisfactory to him, may

direct the transfer of the stock into the name of any other

person or persons as trustee or trustees for the society; and such

transfer shall be made by the surviving or continuing trustee

or trustees, and if there be no such trustee, or if such trustee

or trustees shall refuse or be unable to make such transfer, and the registrar shall so direct, then by the Accountant General

or Deputy or Assistant Accountant General of the Bank of

England or Bank of Ireland, as the case may be; and the

Governors and Companies of the Bank of England and Bank

of Ireland respectively are hereby indemnified for anything

done by them or any of their officers in pursuance of this

section against any claim or demand of any person injuriously

affected thereby.

27. AH rights of action and other rights, and all estates Property of and interests in real and personal estate whatsoever, now ^t^oiit belonging to or held in trust for any society certified under conveyance, the said repealed Act, shall, on the incorporation of the society

under this Act, vest in the society without any conveyance or assignment whatsoever, save and except in the case of stocks and securities in the public funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and estates in copyhold or customary hereditaments, the title to which cannot be transferred without admittance.

28. Where any society under this Act is entitled in equity As to copy-to any hereditaments of copyhold or customary tenure by way holds-

Ch. 42.

Building Societies.

37 & 38 Vict.

Payment of sums not exceeding 50/. when members or depositors die intestate.

Payment to persons appearing to be next of kin declared valid.

Provision for the case of a member dying intestate leaving an infant heir.

Punishment of fraud in withholding

money, &c.

of mortgage, the lord of the manor of which the same are held shall from time to time, if required by the society, admit such persons, not more than three, as the society appoints, to be trustees on its behalf as tenants in respect of such hereditaments, on payment of the usual fines, fees, and other dues payable on the admission of a single tenant, or may admit the society as tenant in respect of the same, on payment of such special fine, or compensation in lieu of fine, and fees as may be agreed upon.

29. If any member of or depositor with a society under this Act having in the funds thereof a sum of money not exceeding fifty pounds shall die intestate, then the amount due may be paid to the person who shall appear to the directors or committee of management of the society to be entitled under the statute of distributions to receive the same, without taking out letters of administration, upon the society receiving satisfactory evidence of death and a statutory declaration that the member or depositor died intestate, and that the person so claiming is entitled as aforesaid: Provided that whenever the society after the decease of any member or depositor has paid any such sum of money to the person who at the time appeared to be entitled to the effects of the deceased under the belief that he had died intestate the payment shall be valid and effectual with respect to any demand from any other person as next of kin, or as the lawful representative of such deceased member or depositor against the funds of the society, but nevertheless such next of kin or representative shall have his lawful remedy for the amount of such payment as aforesaid against the person who has received the same.

30. Whenever a member of a society under this Act, having executed a mortgage to the society, shall die intestate, leaving an infant heir or infant coheiress, it shall be lawful for the said society, after selling the premises so mortgaged to them, to pay to the administrator or administratrix of the deceased member any money, to the amount of one hundred and fifty pounds, which shall remain in the hands of the said society after paying the amount due to the society and the costs and expenses of the sale, without being required to pay the same into the Post Office Savings Bank, as provided by the Trustees Relief Act, and the Acts amending or extending the same. The said sum of one hundred and fifty pounds to be considered as personal estate, and liable to duty accordingly.

31. If any person whosoever, by false representation or imposition, obtains possession of any moneys, securities, books, papers, or other effects of a society under this Act, or, having the same in his possession, withholds or misapplies the same, or wilfully applies any part thereof to purposes other than

1874.

Building Societies.

Ch. 42.

239

I

those expressed or directed in the rules of the society and authorised by this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, with costs not exceeding twenty shillings, and to be ordered to deliver up to the society all such moneys, securities, books, papers, or other effects to the society, and to repay the amount of money applied improperly, and in default of such delivery of effects, or repayment of such amount of money, or payment of such penalty and costs aforesaid, to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months; but nothing herein contained shall prevent any such person from being proceeded against by way of indictment if a conviction has not been previously obtained against him for the same offence under the provisions of this Act.

32. A society under this Act may terminate or be dissolved —

1. Upon the happening of any event declared by its rules

to be the termination of the society.

2. By dissolution in manner prescribed by its rules.

3. By dissolution with the consent of three fourths of the

members, holding not less than two thirds of the number of shares in the society, testified by their signatures to the instrument of dissolution. The instrument of dissolution shall set forth —

(a.) the liabilities and assets of the society in detail; (b.) the number of members, and the amount standing to their credit in the books of the society;

(c.) the claims of depositors and other creditors, and the provision to be made for their payment;

(d.) the intended appropriation or division of the funds and property of the society;

(c.) the names of one or more persons to be appointed trustees for the special purpose, and their remuneration.

Alterations in the instrument of dissolution may be made with the like consent, testified in the same manner. The instrument of dissolution and all alterations therein shall be registered in the manner provided for the registration of rules, and shall be binding upon all the members of the society.

4. By winding-up, either voluntarily under the supervision

of the court or by the court, if the court shall so order, on the petition of any member authorised by three fourths of the members present at a general meeting of the society specially called for the purpose to present the same on behalf of the society, or on the petition of any judgment creditor for not less than fifty pounds, but not otherwise. General orders for regulating the

Proceedings necessary for the termination or dissolution of a society.

Societies may unite with others, or one society may transfer its engagements to another.

Determination of disputes by arbitration.

Court may order compliance with the decision of arbitrators.

Determination of disputes by registrar.

Determination of disputes by court.

Ch. 42. Building Societies. 37 & 38 Vict.

proceedings of the court under this section may be from time to time made by the authority for the time being empowered to make general orders for the court.

Notice of the commencement and termination of every dissolution or winding-up shall be sent to the registrar, and registered by him.

33. Two or more societies under this Act may unite and become one society, with or without any dissolution or division of the funds of such societies or either of them, or a society under this Act may transfer its engagements to any other such society, upon such terms as shall be agreed upon by three fourths of the members (holding not less than two thirds of the whole number of shares) of each of such societies present at general meetings respectively convened for the purpose; but no such transfer shall prejudice any right of any creditor of either society. Notice of every such union or transfer shall be sent to the registrar, and registered by him.

34. Where the rules of a society under this Act direct disputes to be referred to arbitration, arbitrators shall be named and elected in the manner such rules provide, or, if there be no such provision, at the first general meeting of the society, none of the said arbitrators being beneficially interested, directly or indirectly, in its funds; of whom a certain number, not less than three, shall be chosen by ballot in each such case of dispute, the number of the said arbitrators and mode of ballot being determined by the rules of the society; the names of such arbitrators shall be duly entered in the minute book of the society, and, in case of the death or refusal or neglect of any of the said arbitrators to act, the society, at a general meeting, shall name and elect an arbitrator to act in the place of the Arbitrator dying, or refusing or neglecting to act; and whatever award shall be made by the arbitrators or the major part of them, according to the true purport and meaning of the rules of the society, shall determine the dispute; and should either of the parties to the dispute refuse or neglect to comply with or conform to such award within a time to be limited therein, the court, upon good and sufficient proof being adduced of such award having been made, and of the refusal of the party to comply therewith, shall enforce compliance with the same upon the petition of any person concerned. Where the parties to any dispute arising in a society under this Act agree to refer the dispute to the registrar, or where the rules of the society direct disputes to be referred to the registrar, the award of the registrar shall have the same effect as that of arbitrators.

35. The court may hear and determine a dispute in the following cases:

1. If it shall appear to the court, upon the petition of any person concerned, that application has been made

1874.

Building Societies.

Ch. 42.

241

by either party to the dispute to the other party, for the purpose of having the dispute settled by arbitration under the rules of the society, and that such application has not within forty days been complied with, or that the arbitrators have refused or for a period of twenty-one days have neglected to make any* award.

2. Where the rules of the society direct disputes to be referred to the court or to justices.

36. Every determination by arbitrators or by the court or Determination by the registrar under this Act of a dispute shall be binding to be final, and conclusive on all parties, and shall be final to all intents

and purposes, and shall not be subject to appeal, and shall not be removed or removable into any court of law, or restrained or restrainable by the injunction of any court of equity; provided always, that the arbitrators, or the registrar, or the court, as the case may be, may, at the request of either party, state a case for the opinion of the Supreme Court of Judicature on any question of law, and shall have power to grant to either party to the dispute such discovery as, to documents and otherwise, as might now be granted by any court of law or equity, such discovery to be made on behalf of the society by such officer of the society as the arbitrators, registrar, or court may determine.

37. A society under this Act may purchase, build, hire, or Buildings for take upon lease any building for conducting its business, and .p^p0^ may adapt and furnish the same, and may purchase or hold ^sede0pur" upon lease any land for the purpose only of erecting thereon leased.

a building for conducting the business of the society, and may sell, exchange, or let such building, or any part thereof

38. Any person under the age of twenty-one years may Minors mar be admitted as a member of any society under this Act, the

rules of which do not prohibit such admission, and may give all necessary acquittances; but during his nonage he shall not be competent to vote or hold any office in the society.

39. Two or more persons may jointly hold a share or shares Shares may in any society under this Act; and all shares held jointly be held by by any two or more persons in any society subsisting at the ^morc time appointed for the commencement of this Act the rules whereof shall not prohibit such joint holding, shall be deemed

to be lawfully so held.

40. The secretary or other officer of every society under Societies shall this Act shall, once in every year at least, prepare an account ^ad^s^ual of all the receipts and expenditure of the society since the statements of preceding statement, and a general statement of its funds the funds to and effects, liabilities and assets, showing the amounts due to the members* the holders of the various classes of shares respectively, to depositors and creditors for loans, and also the balance due

242

Ch. 42.

Building Societies.

37 & 38 Vict.

Exemption from stamp duties.

Receipt endorsed on mortgage to be sufficient discharge without reconveyance.

or outstanding on their mortgage securities (not including prospective interest), and the amount invested in the funds or other securities; and every such account and statement shall be attested by the auditors, to whom the mortgage deeds and other securities belonging to the society shall be produced, and such account and statement shall be countersigned by the secretary or other officer; and every member, depositor, and creditor for loans shall be entitled to receive from the society a copy of such account and statement, and a copy thereof shall be sent to the registrar within fourteen days after the annual or other general meeting at which it is presented, and another copy thereof shall be suspended in a conspicuous place in every office of the society under this Act.

41. No rules of any society under this Act, nor any copy thereof, nor any power, warrant, or letter of attorney granted or to be granted by any person as trustee for the society for the transfer of any share in the public funds standing in his name, nor any receipts given for any dividend in any public stock or fund, or interest of exchequer bills, nor any receipt^ nor any entry in any book of receipt, for money deposited in the funds of the society, nor for any money received by any member, his executors or administrators, assigns, or attorneys, from the funds of the society, nor any transfer of any share, nor any bond or other security to be given to or on account of the society, or by any officer thereof, nor any order on any officer for payment of money to any member, nor any appointment of any agent, nor any certificate or other instrument for the revocation of any such appointment, nor any other instrument or document whatever required or authorised to be given, issued, signed, made, or produced in pursuance of this Act, or of the rules of the society, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any stamp duty or duties whatsoever, provided that the exemption shall not extend to any mortgage.

42. When all moneys intended to be secured by any mortgage or further charge given to a society under this Act in England or Ireland have been fully paid or discharged, the society may endorse upon or annex to such mortgage or further charge a reconveyance of the mortgaged property to the then owner of the equity of redemption, or to such persons and to such uses as he may direct, or a receipt under the seal of the society, countersigned by the secretary or manager, in the form specified in the schedule to this Act, and such receipt shall vacate the mortgage or further charge or debt, and vest the estate of and in the property therein comprised in the person for the time being entitled to the equity of redemption, without any re-conveyance or re-surrender whatever; and if the said mortgage or further charge has been registered under

1874.

OR. 42.

243

Building Societies.

any Act for the registration or record of deeds or titles, the registrar under such Act, or his deputy or assistant registrar, or the recording officer, as the case may be, or in the case of copyholds or lands of customary tenure, if the mortgage or further charge has been entered on any court rolls, the steward of the manor or his deputy respectively shall, on production of such receipt, verified by oath of any person, make an entry opposite the entry of the charge or mortgage, to the effect that such charge or mortgage is satisfied, and shall grant a certificate, either on the said mortgage or charge or separately, to the like effect, which certificate shall be received in evidence in all courts and proceedings without any further proof; and which entry shall have the effect of clearing the register or record of such mortgage; and the registrar or recording officer shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and sixpence for making the said entry and granting the said certificate, and such fee shall in Ireland be paid by stamps, and applied as the other fees of the Registry of Deeds Office and Record of Title Office are now by law directed to be paid and applied.

43. If any society hereafter formed under this Act, or any Penalties, persons representing themselves to be a society under this Act, commence business without first obtaining a certificate of incorporation under this Act, or if any society under this Act makes default in forwarding to the registrar any returns or information by this Act required, or in inserting in any deposit book or acknowledgment or security for loan the matters required by section fifteen of this Act to be inserted therein, or makes a return wilfully false in any respect, the person or persons by whom business shall have been so commenced, or by whom such default shall have been made, or who shall have made such wilfully false return, shall be liable for every day business is so carried on, or for every such default or false return, upon summary conviction before justices at the complaint of the registrar, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

If any society under this Act receives loans or deposits in excess of the limits prescribed by this Act, the directors or committee of management of such society receiving such loans or deposits on its behalf shall be personally liable for the amount so received in excess.

44. One rof Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State Regulation, may from time to time make regulations respecting the fees,

if any, to be paid for the transmission, registration, and inspection of documents under this Act, and generally for carrying this Act into effect. The registrar shall give his certificates in the forms contained in the schedule to this Act respectively.

Ch. 42. Bwtlding Societies. 37 & 38 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Bond,

Know all men by these presents, That we, A.B. of,

one of the officers of the Building Society,

established at in the county of,

and C.D. of (as surety on behalf of the said A.B.),

are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to the said society in the sum of to be paid to the said society, for

which payment well and truly to be made we jointly and severally bind ourselves, and each of us by himself, our and each of our heirs, executors, and administrators, firmly by these presents, sealed with our seals. Dated the day of in the year of our Lord

Whereas the above-bounden A.B. hath been duly appointed to the office of of the Building Society,

established as aforesaid, and he, together with the above-bounden C.D. as his surety, have entered into the above-written bond, subject to the condition herein-after contained.

Now, therefore, the condition of the above-written bond is such, that if the said A.B. shall and do render a just and true account of all moneys received and paid by him, and shall and do pay over all the moneys remaining in his hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all securities and effects, books, papers, and property of or belonging to the said society in his hands or custody, to such person or persons as the said society shall appoint, according to the rules of the said society, together with the proper or legal receipts or vouchers for such payments, then the above-written bond shall be void and of no effect, otherwise shall be and remain in full force and virtue.

Form of Receipt to be endorsed on Mortgage

OR FURTHER CHARGE.

The Building Society hereby acknowledge

to have received all moneys intended to be secured by the within [or above] written deed.

In witness whereof the seal of the society is hereto affixed this day of by order

of the board of directors [or committee of management] in presence of

Secretary [or Manager]. (l.s.)

[Other witnesses, if any required by the rules of the society.]

Forms of Certificate to be given under this Act.

Certificate of Incorporation.

I, , Registrar of Building

Societies in [England, Scotland, or Ireland], ' hereby certify that the Building Society, established at in the county of, is incorporated under " The

Building Societies Act, 1874."

Given under my hand this day 18

Registrar of Building Societies.

Building Societies.

Ch. 42, 43.

245

Certificate of Registration of Alteration of Rules.

I, , Registrar of Building Societies in

[England, Scotland, or Ireland], hereby certify that the foregoing alterations of [or addition to] the rules of the

Building Society, established at in the county of, are registered under The Building Societies

Act, 1874."

Given under my hand this day of 18 .

Registrar of Building Societies.

Certificate of Registration of Change of Name.

I, , Registrar of Building Societies in

[England, Scotland, or Ireland], hereby certify that the registered name of the Building Society, established

at in the county of, is changed

from the date hereof to the name following: pursuant to "The Building Societies Act, 1874."

Given under my hand this day of 18 .

Registrar of Building Societies.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to amend the Alkali Act, 1863.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Alkali Act, 1863, 26 & 27 Vict.

in this Act referred to as " the principal Act," as made c-124* permanent by the Act of the session of the thirty-first and 313^ 32 Vict* thirty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, 35 & 36 Vict. chapter thirty-six, and amended by the Public Health Act, c- 79.

1872:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, Construction shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and this of Act with Act and the principal Act may be cited together as The 261*427an^ct Alkali Acts, 1863, 1874, v and this Act maybe cited separately short title, as The Alkali Act, 1874.

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the first Commence-day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five. ment of Act-

3. Whereas by section three of the principal Act, the term Amendment of " alkali work 9 is defined to mean " every work for the manu- f^ahwork »

Ch. 43.

Alkali Act (1863) Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

Amendment of 26 & 27 Vict c. 124. b. 4. as to the condensation of muriatic acid gas evolved.

Best practicable means to he used for the condensation of noxious gases other than muriatic add.

" facture of alkali, sulphate of soda, or sulphate of potash in which muriatic acid gas is evolved," and doubts have arisen whether the formation of sulphate of soda in the treatment of copper ores by common salt is or is not a manufacture of sulphate of soda within the meaning of the said section; and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted that,

The formation of any sulphate in the treatment of copper ores by common salt or other chlorides shall be deemed to be a manufacture of sulphate of soda within the meaning of the said section.

4. Whereas it is provided by section four of the principal Act, that every alkali work shall be carried on in such manner as to secure the condensation of such percentage of muriatic acid gas as therein mentioned, and it is expedient to make further provision in relation thereto: Be it therefore enacted that,

In addition to the condensation of such percentage of muriatic acid gas as aforesaid, every alkali work shall be carried on in such manner as to secure the condensation to the satisfaction of the inspector, derived from his own examination or from that of a sub-inspector, of the muriatic acid gas evolved in such work to such an extent that in each cubic foot of air, smoke, or chimney gases escaping from the works into the atmosphere there is not contained more than one-fifth part of a grain of muriatic acid.

If any -alkali work is carried on in contravention of this section the owner of that work shall be deemed to be guilty of an offence against the principal Act, and be subject to the penalties in that Act mentioned; and the provisions of the principal Act shall apply to the carrying on of an alkali work in contravention of this section in the same manner as if, wherever reference is made in the said Act to the condensation of muriatic acid gas to the extent in that Act mentioned, there were added a reference, with the necessary alterations, to the provisions of this Act relating to the condensation of muriatic acid gas.

5. In addition to the condensation of muriatic acid gas as aforesaid, the owner of every alkali work shall use the best practicable means of preventing the discharge into the atmosphere of all other noxious gases arising from such work, or of rendering such gases harmless when discharged. If he fail to use such means in the opinion of the court having jurist diction in respect of the penalties imposed by this section, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding in the case of the first offence twenty pounds, and in the case of a second offence fifty pounds, with a further sum of two pounds for every day during which such offence has continued, and in the case of a third or any subsequent offence twenty pounds for every day during which such offence has continued.

1874. Alkali Act (1863) Amendment Ch. 43. 247

Penalties under this section shall be recovered at the suit of the inspector in the manner in which penalties for offences other than offences against a special rule are recoverable in pursuance of the principal Act: Provided always, that no such owner shall be convicted of more than one such offence in respect of any one day: Provided also, that no such suit shall be instituted and no such penalties shall be inflicted unless the inspector shall, ten days previously, deliver to such owner a statement in writing specifying in what respect such owner has failed to comply with the requirements of this section, and also specifying means which in his opinion would suffice to comply therewith, and a copy of such statement shall on the institution of any proceedings under this section be laid by the inspector before the Court having cognizance of the matter.

6. Every inspector and sub-inspector of alkali works shall Power of entry have the same power of inspection, examination, or testing, for m8Pector-for the purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Act with respect to noxious gases other than muriatic acid are complied with, as he has for the purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of the principal Act, as amended by this Act, in relation to the condensation of muriatic acid are complied with, and all the provisions of the principal Act relating to the inspection, examination, and testing, and to penalties for obstructing any inspector or sub-inspector in the execution of the principal Act, or neglecting to aff ord to the inspector or sub-inspector the necessary facilities in relation to inspection, examination, or testing, under the principal Act, shall apply accordingly.

7. In addition to the disqualifications contained in section Persons en-eight of the principal Act, no person either directly or in- ^otto^ directly engaged or interested in any alkali works, or in any be inspectors, patent for any process or apparatus carried on or used in any

alkali works, shall act as an inspector or sub-inspector under the Alkali Acts, 1863 and 1874.

8. Special rules made by the owner for the guidance of his Special rules workmen in pursuance of the principal Act may extend to 1)6 ma<J

i X A / W1th fpgnppt ta

any matter or thing required to be observed by them in rela- noxious gases, tion to the prevention of the discharge of the noxious gases mentioned in this Act.

9. " Noxious gas 99 shall, for the purposes of this Act, mean Definition of

any of the gases following; that is to say, noxious gases.

Sulphuric add;

Sulphurous acid, except that arising from the combustion of coals;

Nitric add, or other noxious oxides of nitrogen;

Sulphuretted hydrogen; and

Chlorine.

248

Saving as to general law.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Period for employment of children, young persons, and women.

Hours of employment of children, young persons, and women in factory where period from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.

Ch. 43, 44. Alkali Act (1863) Amendment 37 & 38 Vict.

10. Nothing herein contained shall legalise any act or default that would, but for this Act, be deemed to be a nuisance, or otherwise be contrary to law, or deprive any person of any remedy by action, suit, indictment, or otherwise to which he would have been entitled if this Act had not passed.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to make better provision for improving the health of women, young persons, and children employed in manufactures, and the education of such children, and otherwise to amend the Factory Acts.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make better provision for improving the health of women, young persons, and children employed in manufactures, and the education of such children, and otherwise to amend the Factory Acts:

Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Factory Act, 1874, and together with the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, may be cited as the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1874.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act,

Hoars of Employment and Refreshment

3. The period during which a child, young person, or woman may be employed in a factory to which this Act applies, shall be either the period between the hours of six in the morning and six in the afternoon, or the period between the hours of seven in the morning and seven in the afternoon.

4. In every factory to which this Act applies, and in which the period of employment is between the hours of six in the morning and six in the afternoon, the following regulations shall be observed:

(1.) A child, young person, or woman shall not be employed except between those hours; and (2.) A child, young person, or woman shall not be employed continuously for more than four hours and a half without an interval of at least half* an hour for a meal; and

1874. Factories (Health of Women, <kc). Ch. 44*. 249

(3.) There shall be allowed between the hours of six in the morning and six in the afternoon on every day except Saturday two hours for meals, and of such time one hour at the least shall be before three o'clock in the afternoon; and

(4.) A child, young person, or woman shall not on Saturday,

(a.) If not less than one hour is allowed for meals on that day, be employed in any manufacturing process after one o'clock in the afternoon, or for any purpose whatever after half-past one o'clock in the afternoon; and

(6.) If less than one hour is allowed for meals on that day, be employed in any manufacturing process after half an hour after noon, or for any purpose whatever after one o'clock in the afternoon.

5. In every factory to which this Act applies, and in which Hours of em-

the period of employment is between the hours of seven in chiffenVounc

the morning and seven in the afternoon, the following regu- persons, 'and b

lations shall be observed: women in fac-

tory where

(1.) A child, young person, or woman shall not be employed period from

except between those hours; and 7 a m-to 7 P m-

(2.) A child, young person, or woman shall not be employed continuously for more than four hours and a half without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal; and

(3.) There shall be allowed between the hours of seven in the morning and seven in the afternoon on every day except Saturday two hours for meals, and of such time one hour at the least shall be before three o'clock in the afternoon; and

(4.) A child, young person, or woman shall not be employed on Saturday in any manufacturing process after halfpast one o'clock in the afternoon, or for any purpose whatever after two o'clock in the afternoon.

6. In a factory to which this Act applies, the children may Employment of be employed either in morning and afternoon sets, or for the whole day on alternate days, and the following regulations ITftenioon^etf?, shall be observed: or on alternate

(1.) Where the children are employed in morning and after- day8, noon sets:

(a.) A child who on any day except Saturday is employed before noon, shall not on the same day be employed after one o'clock in the afternoon, or if the hour of dinner be before one o'clock, after such hour of dinner; and

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. s. 38.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. s. 31.

Hours of meals to be simultaneous.

Employment during meal times forbidden.

Notices of hours of employment and mode of employment of children.

Ch. 44. Factories (Health of Women, &c). 37 & 38 Vict.

(6.) A child shall not be employed on Saturday in two successive weeks, nor on Saturday in any week if on any other day in the same week he has been employed for more than five hours; and (c.) A child employed in the factory shall attend school in manner directed by section thirty-eight of the Factory Act, 1844; and the provisions of that Act with respect to such attendance and certificates thereof shall apply accordingly; and

(2.) Where the children are employed on alternate days:

(a.) A child may be employed during the same hours, and with the same hours for meals, as young persons and women in a factory; and

(6.) A child shall not be employed in any manner on two successive days; and (c.) A child employed in the factory shall attend school in manner directed by section thirty-one of the Factory Act, 1844; and the provisions of that Act with respect to such attendance and certificates thereof shall apply accordingly.

7. In a factory to which this Act applies, all children, young persons, and women in the factory shall have the time allowed them for meals at the same time of the day, unless some alteration for special cause be allowed in writing by an inspector.

8. In a factory to which this Act applies, a child, young person, or woman shall not during any part of the time allowed for any meal be employed in the factory, or allowed to remain in any room in which any manufacturing process is being carried on, and any child, young person, or woman so employed or allowed so to remain shall be deemed to be employed in contravention of the provisions of this Act.

9. The notice of the times of the day for meals required by section twenty-eight of the Factory Act, 1844, to be hung up in the factory shall, in every factory to which this Act applies, specify the hours between which the period of employment in such factory is fixed, and whether children in such factory are to be employed in morning and afternoon sets, or on alternate days.

The period of employment in the factory shall be deemed to be between the hours specified in such notice, and all the children in the factory shall be employed either in sets or on alternate days as may be specified in such notice.

A change in such hours, or in the mode of employment of the children, shall not be made until after the occupier of

. y

1874. Factories (Health of Women, Jkc.), Ch. 44. 251

the factory has sent written notice of his intention to make such change to the inspector or sub-inspector of the district in which the factory is situate, and shall not be made offcener than once a quarter, unless for special cause, allowed in writing by an inspector.

10. Until the first day of January one thousand eight Abolition of

hundred and seventy-six children, young persons, and women recovery of

- J n X i L'LII.' aL. V lost time under

may be emplo3red m a factory to which this Act applies in 7 & 8 vict the recovery of lost time in pursuance of the Factory Acts, c. 15. sb. 33 1833 to 1856, but after the said first day of January one 34-thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, in a factory to which this Act applies, a child, young person, or woman shall not be employed in the recovery of lost time in pursuance of the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1856, or any of them, during any hours during which they cannot be employed in pursuance of the other provisions of this Act.

11. Nothing in this Act shall prevent the employment of Saving as to

youths in lace factories, in maimer provided by section two lace

of the Lace Factories Act, 1861: 24 & 25 Vict.

Provided that where the period of employment in the factory c. 117. s. 2. is between the hours of seven in the morning and seven in the afternoon, those hours shall be substituted in that section for the hours of six in the morning and six in the afternoon respectively.

Age of Children.

12. After the first day of January one thousand eight Extension of hundred and seventy-six, for the purpose of this Act and of 8e of child to the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1856, in the case of a factory to Ltional8certifi-which this Act applies, a person of the age of thirteen years cate obtained, and under the age of fourteen years shall be deemed to be a child, and not a young person, unless he has obtained from a person authorised by the authority herein-after mentioned a certificate of having attained such standard of proficiency in reading, writing, and arithmetic as may be from time to time prescribed for the purposes of this Act by that authority:

Provided that any such person who previously to the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six is lawfully employed in any such factory as a young person, may continue to be so employed in like manner as if this section had not been enacted.

The authority for the purposes of this section shall be —

(a.) In England the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council on Education;

(b.) In Scotland the Lords of any Committee of the Privy Council appointed by Her Majesty on education in Scotland; and (c.) In Ireland, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, with the advice of his Privy Council.

252 Ch. 44. 'Fadoriee {Health of Women, &c). 37 & 38 Vict.

The standard of proficiency so prescribed shall be published in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, according as it is prescribed by the authority in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and shall not have effect until the expiration of at least six months after such publication.

Employment of 13. In a factory to which this Act applies a child shall not employed-

factories. (a.) During the year one thousand eight hundred and

seventy-five if he is under the age of nine years; or, (6.) After the expiration of that year if he is under the age of ten years.

Provided that any child who previously to the commencement of the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five is lawfully employed in any such factory as a child under the age of nine years, and any child who previously to the commencement of the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six is lawfully employed in any factory as a child under the age of ten years may continue to be employed in any factory in like manner as if this section had not been enacted.

Employment of 14. The enactments of the Factory Act, 1850, or any works*111 m Sllk Previ°us Act, which authorise the employment of any child in 13 & 14 Vict. the silk manufacture during longer hours than those autho-c. 54. s. 7. rised in the case of a child in any other factory to which this Act applies, shall be repealed as from the commencement of this Act.

Provided that —

(1.) A child of the age of eleven and under the age of twelve years may be employed in the winding and throwing of raw silk during one year after the commencement of this Act in like manner as if such child were a young person; and (2.) A child of the age of twelve and under the age of thirteen years may be employed in the winding and throwing of raw silk during two years after the commencement of this Act in like manner as if such child were a young person; and (3.) Any child who immediately preceding the expiration of two years after the commencement of this Act is lawfully employed in the winding and throwing of raw silk as if he were a young person, may continue to be so employed in like manner as if this section had not been enacted.

Supplemental.

Education of 15. After the first day of January one thousand eight inefficient1 hundred and seventy-six attendance at a school in England school which is not for the time being recognised by the Education

Department as giving efficient elementary education shall not

Ch. 44.

253

Factories (Health of Women, <&c.).

in the case of a child employed in a factory to which this Act applies be deemed to be attendance at a school within the meaning of this Act or the Factory Act, 1844: Provided that,

(1.) This section shall not apply to a school in any school district within the meaning of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, which has not been declared by the Education Department to be sufficiently provided with public school accommodation within the meaning of that Act:

(2.) This section shall not apply where there is not a school so recognised within the distance of two miles from the factory in which the child is employed.

The Education Department shall make such declaration as above mentioned with respect to every school district which they are satisfied is supplied with sufficient public school accommodation, and shall from time to time publish, in such manner as they think sufficient to give information to all persons interested, lists of the schools for the time being recognised by them as giving efficient elementary education.

This section shall apply to Scotland in like maimer as if it were enacted with the substitution of *" Scotch Education " Department" for "Education Department," of "parish or " burgh " for " school district," and of " such school accommodation as is mentioned in sections twenty-seven and twenty- eight of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872," for public " school accommodation."

16. Any child, young person, or woman who is employed in contravention of the provisions of this Act shall be deemed to be employed in manner contrary to the provisions of the Factory Act, 1833, as amended by the Factory Act, 1844, and any contravention of or failure to comply with the provisions of this Act shall be deemed to be an offence against the Factory Act, 1833, as amended by the Factory Act, 1844, and all the provisions of the Factory Act, 1844, relating to offences, and penalties for offences, shall, as amended by the Factory and Workshop Act, 1871, apply accordingly.

17. Section nine of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1871 (which section applies to the recovery of penalties in Scotland only), shall, for the purposes as well of the Acts in this section mentioned as of this Act, be construed as if it contained the following additional provisions; that is to say,

(1.) It shall be no objection to the competency of any inspector or sub-inspector to give evidence as a witness in any prosecution for offences under the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, or the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, or any of them, that such prosecution is brought at the instance of such inspector or subinspector:

4 '

Penalty for wrongful employment and breach of Act.

Amendment of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 104. s. 9. as to recovery of penalties in Scotland.

Ch. 44.

Alteration of forms.

Definitions:

" Factory Acts, 1833-1856"

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 103.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15.

19 & 20 Vict. C. 38.

" Woman."

" Ropeworks. Act"

" Laceworks Act."

Factory to which the Act applies defined.

Repeal of Acts in schedule.

Factories (Health of Woment <fcc.). 37 & 38 Vict.

(2.) Every person convicted of an offence under the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, or t^ie Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, or any of them, shall be liable in the reasonable costs and charges of such conviction.

18. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may direct the forms contained in the schedules to the Factory Act, 1844, and the Lace Factories Act, 1861, and the abstract mentioned in section twenty-eight of the former Act, to be modified in such manner as appears to him necessary for bringing the same into conformity with this Act, and the forms and abstract as so modified shall be sufficient in law.

19. In this Act —

The expression "the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1856," means such provisions as are not repealed by this or any other Act of the Acts following; namely.

The Factory Act, 1833;

The Factory Act, 1844, as amended by the Ropeworks Act, 1846; and

The Factory Act, 1856.

The expression Ci woman" means a woman of the age of eighteen years and upwards.

Other expressions in this Act shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor of this Act, have the same meanings as they have in the Factory Act, 1844.

The Act of the session of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty, intituled An Act to declare certain ropeworks not within the " operation of the Factory Acts," is in this Act referred to and may henceforth be cited as the Ropeworks Act, 1846.

The Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and seventeen, intituled An Act to place the " employment of women, young persons, youths, and " children in lace factories under the regulations of the " Factories Acts," is in this Act referred to and may henceforth be cited as the Lace Factory Act, 1861.

20. This Act shall apply to the following factories; namely, A factory as defined by the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1856; A lace factory as defined by the Lace Factory Act, 1861.

And the expression "factory to which this Act applies " shall in this Act mean only the factories above in this section mentioned.

2L The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, from and after the commencement of this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(a.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or (6.) Any right, privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(c.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed; or . (cZ.) Any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if tins Act had not passed.

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Portions of Acts which have already been specifically repealed are in some instances included in the repeal in this schedule, in order to preclude henceforth the necessity of looking back to previous Acts.

Session and Chapter.

3 &4 Will. 4. c. 103.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 1.

Title or Abbreviated Title.

Extent of .Repeal.

An Act to regulate the labour of children and young persons in the mills and factories of the m United Kingdom.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last session of Parliament, for regulating the labour of children and young persons in the mills and factories of the United Kingdom.

Sections three, five, and six, so far as they relate to factories to which this Act applies, and the whole of the remainder of the Act, except the following portions, namely- —

So much of section one as defines "night," section nine, section eleven, down to u remain " in any factory or mill," and from " any " child who shall not have completed his or her " thirteenth year " to the end of the section; section twelve, section fourteen, section sixteen, section seventeen, section eighteen from " all registers, books, entries," down to " such " copy as they may think proper;" section nineteen down to " under the authority " thereof;" so much of section twenty-eight as relates to forgery; section forty-five, section forty-nine, and section fifty.

The whole Act.

Session and Chapter.

Title or Abbrevated Title.

Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15.

An Act to amend the laws relating to labour in factories.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 29.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 54.

An Act to limit the hours of labour of young persons and females in factories.

An Act to amend the Acts-relating to labour in factories.

If, & 1/ Vict. c. 104.

27 & 28 Vict.

c. 48.

30 & 31 Vict.

c. 103.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 62.

An Act further to regulate the employment of children in factories.

The Factory Acts Extension Act, 1864.

The Factory Acts Extension Act, 1867.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1870.

Section twenty-nine, section thirty, section thirty-one down to " afternoon of any Saturday, provided always that," and from " but " it shall not be lawful to employ any child " to the end of the section; section thirty-three; section thirty-four; and section thirty-six, so far as the above sections and parts of sections relate to factories to which this Act applies, and also section one, section two down to " as herein-after mentioned and " thatsection fourteen down to " continue " in the same factory, butsection eighteen down to " herein-after provided and that section twenty-six from " shall be reckoned " down to " in such factory and section thirty-five, section forty, section seventy-four, and Schedule D.

The whole Act.

Sections one, three to six, eight and nine, so far as those sections relate to factories to which this Act applies, and the whole of the remainder of the Act.

The whole Act, so far as it relates to factories to which this Act applies.

So far as it incorporates any enactment which is wholly repealed by this Act.

So far as it incorporates any enactment which is wholly repealed by this Act.

So far as it incorporates any enactment which is wholly repealed by this Act.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act for altering the Boundaries between the Liberty of St. Alban and the rest of the County of Hertford; and for making better provision for the Transaction of County Business, and the Administration of Justice at Quarter Sessions in that County.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS the antient Liberty of Saint Alban in the county of Hertford has a separate commission of the peace and other privileges, franchises, and jurisdictions; but it is now expedient that there be one commission of the peace for the whole county of Hertford, the county being nevertheless formed into two divisions, with a view to the better

1874. County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban. Ch. 45.

257

transaction of public business and the administration of justice at quarter sessions, and that the privileges, franchises, and jurisdictions of the said liberty, as far as the same are inconsistent with the arrangements aforesaid, do cease:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The County of Hertford and Short title, liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874.

2. This Act shall commence and have effect on and from Commence-the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ment of Act' seventy-five.

3. In this Act — Interpretation

The term "the county" means the county of Hertford: of terms-

The term "the liberty" means the antient Liberty of St.

Alban as constituted before the commencement of this Act.

4. The county shall for the purposes of this Act consist of County to con-

two divisions, as follows:

1. An eastern division, comprising all such parts as lie east

of the western boundaries of the parishes of Kimpton, Ayott St. Lawrence, Ayott St. Peter, Hatfield, and North Mimms, to be called the Hertford division of the county of Hertford (in this Act referred to as the Hertford division):

2. A western division, comprising the residue of the county,

to be called the liberty of St. Alban division of the county of Hertford (in this Act referred to as the liberty of St. Alban division).

Bist of two divisions.

5. The lord lieutenant and custos rotulorum for the time Lord Lieu-being of the county, as constituted before the commence- tenant and cus-ment of this Act, shall be the lord lieutenant and custos tos rotulorum* rotulorum of the whole county; but, subject to the effect of this section, nothing in this Act shall affect the rights, powers, privileges, or duties attaching to the office of lord lieutenant, or the office of custos rotulorum, of the county.

6. The justices of the peace in the commissions of the peace One commis-in force at the commencement of this Act for the county, as 81011 of Peace-constituted before the commencement of this Act, and for the liberty, shall by virtue of this Act, as long as those respective commissions remain in force, be justices of the peace for the whole county; and after the commencement of this Act a separate commission of the peace shall not issue for the liberty, but one commission of the peace only shall issue for the whole county.

Ch. 45. County of Hertford & Liberty of St. Alban. 37 & 38 Vict.

Divisions to 7. The Hertford division and the liberty of St. Alban

constitute one division shall be deemed to constitute together to all intents

county., °

J one county.

The Hertford division and the liberty of St. Alban division, or either of them, shall not be deemed to be divisions or a division of a county within any enactment in force at the commencement of this Act relating to divisions or a division of a county as distinguished from a county comprising the same.

The Hertford division and the liberty of St. Alban division, or either of them, shall not be deemed to be divisions or a division within any enactment taking effect after the commencement of this Act relating to divisions or a division of a county as distinguished from a county comprising the same, unless a contrary intention appears in any such enactment.

Libert}' division 8. The liberty of St. Alban division shall not be deemed to

not to be liberty be a liberty within any enactment taking effect before or after the commencement of this Act relating to liberties as distinguished from the county comprising the same.

Any enactment in force at the commencement of this Act relating to the liberty of St. Alban by name shall not be deemed to apply to the liberty of St. AJban division.

within Acts, See.

Courts of quarter sessions.

Two county prisons.

9. The justices of the peace for the county shall from time to time hold courts of general or quarter sessions of the peace as follows:

An original court to be holden within the Hertford division (in this Act referred to as the Hertford division quarter

sessions):

A court to be holden by adjournment within the liberty of St. Alban division (in this Act referred to as the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions).

10. The prison at Hertford belonging to the county as constituted before the commencement of this Act and the prison at St. Albans belonging to the liberty shall be prisons for the whole county.

The governors and other officers of those prisons in office at the commencement of this Act shall hold their offices by the like tenure and with the like rights, privileges, and emoluments as if this Act had not been passed, but subject in all respects, to the authority of the justices in quarter sessions within the respective division assembled, as if they had been originally appointed by those justices.

Committal to 1L Every justice of the peace for the county shall have respective power to commit persons charged with offences to either of the county prisons. coun£y prisons; but, unless in any case there appears to a justice in his discretion reason to the contrary, every justice shall commit to the county prison at Hertford persons charged with offences committed in the Hertford division, and to the

259

1874. County of Hertford o/nd Liberty of St. Alban. Ch. 45.

county prison at St. Albans persons charged with offences committed in the liberty of St. Alban division.

No objection, on the ground of irregularity or otherwise, shall lie in respect of the exercise by a justice of his discretion under this section, or in respect of anything incident thereto or consequent thereon in connexion with a committal.

12. Every person committed after the commencement of Trial of pri-this Act to the county prison at Hertford, whether held to bail or not, charged with an offence cognisable at quarter prisons^6 sessions, shall, if tried at quarter sessions, be (subject to the provisions of this Act) tried at the Hertford division quarter sessions.

Every person committed after the commencement of this Act to the county prison at St. Albans, whether held to bail or not, charged with an offence cognisable at quarter sessions, shall, if tried at quarter sessions, be (subject to the provisions of this Act) tried at the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions.

13. The justices in the Hertford division quarter sessions Jurisdiction

assembled shall hear, determine, dispose of, and transact all authority appeals, traverses, and other business of a judicial nature co^fof^mir-originating in or relating to the Hertford division. ter sessions.

The justices in the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions assembled shall hear, determine, dispose of, and transact all appeals, traverses, and other business of a judicial nature originating in or relating to the liberty of St. Alban division.

14. The justices in the Hertford division quarter sessions. Committees

or at any adjourned sessions holden within that division, Hertford assembled shall from time to time choose and appoint — division.0

(1.) A chairman and deputy chairman of the court, who may be justices resident in either division: -

(2.) Committees for the superintendence, management, and control (subject to the authority of the court of the county prison at Hertford, and of other county establishments and institutions within the Hertford division:

(3.) Such other committees as the court from time to time think it expedient to appoint for the transaction of county business originating in or relating to the Hertford division:

(4.) A governor of the county prison at Hertford, and other officers for the division.

Each committee shall consist of justices resident in the Hertford division, save that the chairman and deputy chairman of the court, or either of them, may be appointed on any committee, whether so resident or not.

15. The justices in the liberty of St. Alban division quarter committees sessions, or at any adjourned sessions holden within that and 0 cers

2G0

of St. Alban division.

Application of general jury laws.

Separate jurors books, &c.

Courts of adjourned quarter sessions.

Ch. 45. County of Hertford & Liberty of St. Alban. 37 & 38 Vict.

division, assembled shall from time to time choose and appoint —

(1.) A chairman and deputy chairman of the court, who may be justices resident in either division:

(2.) Committees for the superintendence, management, and control (subject to the authority of the court of the county prison at St. Albans and of other county establishments and institutions within the liberty of St. Alban division:

(3.) Such other committees as the court from time to time think it expedient to appoint for the transaction of county business originating in or relating to the liberty of St Alban division:

(4.) A governor of the county prison at Sfc. Albans, and other officers for the division.

Each committee shall consist of justices resident in the liberty of St. Alban division, save that the chairman and deputy chairman of the court, or either of them, may be appointed on any committee, whether so resident or not.

16. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the County Julies Act, 1825, and The Juries Act, 1870, and all other Acts and laws relating to juries, shall have full effect throughout each of the two divisions, and jurors shall be summoned in accordance with those Acts and laws; and all privileges, exemptions, and special qualifications belonging to, claimed by, or attaching to the inhabitants, or any class of the inhabitants, of any part of or place in the county or liberty, being inconsistent with those Acts and laws, shall cease to exist or to operate.

17. For the purposes of this Act a separate jurors book shall be made for each of the two divisions of the county as if it was a county of itself.

The jurors whose names appear in the jurors book for the Hertford division shall be summoned to attend at the Hertford division quarter sessions.

The jurors whose names appear in the jurors book for the liberty of St. Alban division shall be summoned to attend at the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions.

Nothing in this Act shall affect the return or summoning of jurors to serve at assizes or elsewhere than at general or quarter sessions of the peace.

18. The justices of the peace for the county shall in every year, after holding the Hertford division quarter sessions and the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions, hold by adjournment courts of quarter sessions for the whole county (in this Act referred to as the courts of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county) within the two divisions alternately, as follows:

1874. County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban. Ch. 45. 261

An Epiphany adjourned session, within the Hertford division:

An Easter adjourned session, within the liberty of St. Alban division:

A Midsummer adjourned session, within the Hertford division:

A Michaelmas adjourned session, within the liberty of St.

Alban division:

The first of those courts holden after the commencement of this Act shall be holden on the Tuesday in the week next after the holding of the first quarter sessions under this Act.

The chairman and deputy chairman for the time being of the Hertford division quarter sessions shall be chairman and deputy chairman of the courts of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county holden within the Hertford division.

The chairman and deputy chairman for the time being of the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions shall be chairman and deputy chairman of the courts of adjourned quarter sessions for the county holden within the liberty of St.

Alban division.

19. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the courts of Powers of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county shall take courts of ad-cognizance of, dispose of, and transact all financial and other ter session^" public business relating to the whole county or to either of the

two divisions.

Nothing in this Act shall prevent a court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county from trying any person charged with an offence, or from hearing, determining, disposing of, and transacting any appeal, traverse, or other business of a judicial nature originating in or relating to either of the two divisions.

20. The court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole Standing county may from time to time make such standing orders, order8 for and lay down such rules for regulation of the practice and procedure of any original or adjourned court of quarter sessions,

as they think fit; and the same shall be binding and be observed, subject to any general Act or law relating to the same matter.

21. There shall be a finance committee for the whole Appointment county (in this Act called the county finance committee), ofcounty

a j i t j n i, J ' finance com-

appointed and regulated as follows: mittee.

(1.) The Court of Midsummer adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county holden within the Hertford division in one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and in every alternate subsequent year, and the Court of Michaelmas adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county holden within the liberty of St.

Ch. 45. County of Hertford & Liberty of St Alban. 37 & 38 Vict.

Alban division in one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, and in every alternate subsequent year, shall appoint the committee:

(2.) The committee shall consist of not more than eighteen members:

(3.) The members of the committee shall be selected in equal numbers from the justices resident in each of the two divisions:

(4.) The appointment of the committee shall take effect as on and from the first day of November next after the date of appointment:

(5.) The committee shall continue in office until another appointment of a committee takes effect:

(6.) If a vacancy on the committee occurs by death, resignation, or otherwise, any court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county may, if it thinks fit, fill the vacancy by the selection and appointment of a justice of the peace resident in the division in which the vacating justice was resident.

Until a county finance committee is appointed under this section the justices who at the commencement of this Act constitute the respective finance committees for the county and for the liberty shall constitute and be the county finance committee for the purposes of this Act.

Duty of county 22. It shall be the duty of the county finance committee iritteefCom"' to manage and control, subject to the authority and under the direction of the courts of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county, the financial and other public business of the county.

Divisional finance committees.

23. The members of the county finance committee resident in each of the two divisions shall constitute a divisional finance committee for that division, whose duty it shall be to manage and administer the details of expenditure in that division, subject to the authority and under the direction of the county finance committee; but the court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county may, if they think fit, appoint the chairman and deputy chairman of the Hertford division quarter sessions and of the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions, or any of them, to be members of each divisional finance committee, whether they are resident in the division for which the committee is appointed or not.

Quorum, &c. 24. The court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole

of committees. County may from time to time prescribe the quorum of the county finance committee, and of each divisional committee, and lay down rules for their guidance, and for regulation of their meetings and proceedings.

Deports, esti- 25. The divisional finance committees, and the several >unty rate °^er committees of justices appointed for any county purpose

1874. County of Hertford and Liberty of St Alban. Ch. 45. 263

involving expenditure of money, shall from time to time report to the county finance committee, and that committee shall consider the reports and prepare estimates and report the same, with their opinion and recommendations thereon, to the court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county, and that court shall thereupon, if and as far as it approves of the estimates and reports, make, assess, and levy a general and uniform county rate on the whole county accordingly.

26. The sums levied by means of the county rate shall be Application of paid to the treasurer for the Hertford division as long as there county rate* is such an officer, and afterwards to the treasurer for the whole county, and shall be divided and applied under the direction of the county finance committee as follows:

(a.) So much thereof as is levied to meet the requirements of the whole county and of the Hertford division exclusively shall be applied accordingly under the direction, as regards the county, of the county finance committee, and, as regards the Hertford division, of the divisional finance committee for that division, being retained for that purpose by the treasurer for that division, as long as there is such an officer:

(6.) So much thereof as is levied to meet the requirements of the liberty of St. Alban division exclusively shall be applied accordingly under the direction of the divisional finance committee for that division, being paid over to the treasurer for that division, as long as there is such an officer.

27. All committees of justices existing at the commence- Continuance of ment of this Act, for the county, as constituted before the committees, commencement of this Act, or for the liberty, shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, continue, and shall act for the Hertford division and for the liberty of St. Alban division respectively, until other committees are appointed in their

stead or other order is made concerning them under this Act.

28. All debts and liabilities at the commencement of this Transfer of Act due by or attaching to the county as constituted before debts, property, the commencement of this Act, or by or to the liberty, shall, &c*county* on the commencement of this Act, be transferred to and

: become and be debts and liabilities of the county as a whole, and shall with all interest, if any, be paid out of the county rate.

All property, money, and assets which at the commence-; , ment of this Act belong to the county as constituted before ' the commencement of this Act, or to the liberty, shall, on the j commencement of this Act, be transferred to and become the: property of the whole county.

I 29. Every mortgage or charge granted or made before and Transfer to % subsisting at the c9mmencement of this Act of or on rates of county of lia-

264

bility under mortgages for liberty gaol.

Fines, forfeitures, recognisances, &c.

Recovery of outstanding rates.

Ch. 45. County of Hertford & Liberty of St. Alban. 37 & 38 Vict.

or leviable within the liberty, known as liberty rates in the nature of county rates, for securing the payment, with interest, of money lent towards defraying the expenses of building a new gaol and house of correction at St. Albans in and for the liberty, shall, from and after the commencement of this Act, by virtue of this Act be transferred to and become and shall thenceforth be a mortgage and charge of and on the county rates leviable under this Act; and every deed of mortgage or charge for securing the payment of money so lent and interest shall be read and have effect as if it were a mortgage and charge of and on the county rates leviable under this Act, and as if the treasurer for the Hertford division, as long as there is such an officer, and afterwards as if the treasurer for the whole county, had been thereby ordered by the justices of the peace for the whole county in quarter sessions assembled to pay the money thereby secured, and the interest thereof, as and when the same should become due under the declarations therein contained; and all persons entitled to the benefit of any deed of mortgage or charge as aforesaid shall have all the like rights and remedies thereunder as they would have had if this Act had not been passed, with the substitution only of the county rates leviable under this Act for the liberty rates, and of the justices of the peace for the county for the justices of the peace acting in and for the liberty, and of the clerk of the peace for the county for the clerk of the peace for the liberty.

30. Nothing in this Act shall affect any fine, penalty, forfeiture, or recognisance set, imposed, forfeited, or estreated before the commencement of this Act; but the same shall be levied, recovered, estreated, and otherwise proceeded on in like manner as nearly as may be in all respects as if this Act had not been passed; and the proceeds thereof, as far as the same would have belonged to the county or to the liberty if this Act had not been passed, shall, when received, be paid to the treasurer for the Hertford division, as long as there is such an officer, and afterwards to the treasurer for the whole county, and be applied under the direction of the county finance committee, as the same would be applicable if the same were money levied by means of a county rate under this Act.

31. Any sum payable but not paid before the commencement of this Act by any person in respect of any rate theretofore made may be collected and levied in like manner in all respects as if this Act had not been passed; and the same when levied shall be paid to the treasurer for the Hertford division, as long as there is such an officer, and afterwards to the treasurer for the whole county, and be applied under the direction of the county finance committee, as it would be applicable if it were money levied by means of a comity rate under this Act

1874. County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban. Qn. 45.

265

32. Every person who at the commencement of this Act Trial of prison-stands committed to the county prison at Hertford, whether

held to bail or not, being charged with an offence cognisable mencement of at quarter sessions, shall, if tried at quarter sessions, be tried Act. at the Hertford division quarter sessions.

Every person who at the commencement of this Act stands committed to the prison at St. Albans, whether held to bail or not, being charged with an offence cognisable at quarter sessions, shall, if tried at quarter sessions, be tried at the liberty of St. Alban division quarter sessions.

33. Nothing in this Act shall affect any sentence of im- Execution of prisonment or other sentence in course of execution at the sentences-commencement of this Act; and every such sentence may be continued to be executed in like manner in all respects as

nearly as may be as if this Act had not been passed.

34. Nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect any com- Saving for mittal, trial, appeal, traverse, or other magisterial or judicial proceeding, or other business or proceeding, pending at the commencement of this Act; and every such committal, trial, appeal, traverse, proceeding, and business as aforesaid shall be

acted on, prosecuted, transacted, and proceeded with in like manner as nearly as may be in all respects as if the same had been done or had originated after the commencement of this Act.

35. Subject to the express provisions of this Act, nothing Saving for in this Act shall affect any right, title, obligation, or liability pa8t acts* accrued, or any rate made, or mortgage or charge granted,

or the validity or invalidity of anything done or suffered, before the commencement of this Act, in relation to the county or to the liberty.

36. Subject to the express provisions of this Act, nothing in Saving for

this Act shall take away, abridge, or prejudicially affect any Powers ?f <luar"

i/1 o 9 i j j ter sessions *

of the powers of the justices of the peace for the county in general or quarter sessions assembled to appoint officers or otherwise to proceed according to law in relation to the transaction of the public business of the county.

37. Subject to the express provisions of this Act, nothing Saving for in this Act shall take away, abridge, or prejudicially affect the P?*er power of the justices in any court of general or quarter sessions a J° assembled to adjourn the same from time to time.

38. Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge, or pre- Saving for judicially affect any right or privilege of the hundredor or ^dor of hereditary sheriff of the hundred of Cashio, except as far as

the same are necessarily affected by the express provisions of this Act.

39. Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge, or pre- Saving for judicially affect any right or privilege of the mayor, aldermen, corporations 0

266

Hertford and St. Alban.

Office of clerk of the peace.

Treasurer and other county officers.

Pover to amend or sup-

Ch. 45. County of Hertford & Liberty of St Alban. 37 & 38 Vict.

and burgesses of the borough of Hertford, or of the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of St. Alban *

40. Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge, or prejudicially affect any right or privilege of the person holding at the commencement of this Act the offices of clerk of the peace for the county, as constituted before the commencement of this Act, and for the liberty, but at the commencement of this Act he shall become and be clerk of the peace for the whole county, and shall hold office by the like tenure and subject to the like authority as if he had been originally appointed clerk of the peace for the whole county, and he shall continue entitled to all such fees, charges, and emoluments as he is at the commencement of this Act by law or custom entitled to demand and receive, in like manner and to the like extent in all respects as if two separate commissions of the peace continued to issue, one for the county and one for the liberty.

41. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to the authority of the justices in quarter sessions within the Hertford division assembled, the person who is at the commencement of this Act treasurer for the county, as constituted before the commencement of this Act, shall be treasurer for the Hertford division, as if he had been originally appointed by the justices in quarter sessions within that division assembled.

Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to the authority of the justices in quarter sessions within the liberty of St. Alban division assembled, the person who is at the commencement of this Act treasurer for the liberty shall be treasurer for the liberty of St. Alban division, as if he had been originally appointed by the justices in quarter sessions within that division assembled.

On the first vacancy in the office of treasurer for the liberty of St. Alban division the court of adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county shall appoint one treasurer for the whole county, and thenceforth there shall be a treasurer for the whole county and no treasurer for either of the two divisions separately.

Subject to the provisions of this Act, every person who at the commencement of this Act holds an office in the county to which he was appointed by justices in quarter sessions assembled, whether at Hertford or at St. Albans, shall for the purposes of his office be deemed to be an officer for the division within which he happens to act; and no proceeding shall be questioned or be voidable on the ground that an officer acting in either of the two divisions was not appointed by the justices to be an officer for the division within which he acts.

42. If at any time it is resolved by the justices for the county in adjourned quarter sessions for the whole county

267

1874. County of Hertfo'txl & Liberty of St. Alban. Ch. 45, 46.

assembled (notice of motion in that behalf having been given plement Act at the last preceding adjourned quarter sessions for the whole in

county), that better provision is requisite for the carrying into effect of any provision of this Act, the justices may, if they think fit, submit the matter by memorial for consideration of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and thereupon it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen in Council, on the representation of the Secretary of State, to make order accordingly.

The provisions of any Order in Council under this section shall have the like effect as if they were (enacted by Parliament.

43. All costs, charges, and expenses preliminary to and of Expenses of and incidental to the preparing of and applying for and the Act* obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid out of county rates levied under this Act, as an expense incurred by the whole county.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man.

[30th July 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L In lieu of the duties of customs now chargeable upon Duties of goods imported or brought into the Isle of Man there shall, to be

on and after the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, be charged and paid on the following goods the several duties of customs herein-after enumerated:

Ale or beer, according to the specific gravity of the worts before fermentation (herein-after designated " specific gravity") as set forth in the following table on their importation or removal into the Isle of Man.

Table.

If the Degrees of And if the Degrees Duty the Barrel

Specific Gravity of Specific Gravity 36 Gallons.

be be less than £ *. d.

1040 - - 0 2 0

1040 - - 1045 - - 0 2 6

1045 - - 1050 - - 0 3 0

1050 - - 1055 - - 0 3 6

1055 - - 1060 - - 0 4 0

1060 - - 1065 - - 0 4 6

1065 - - 1070 -, - 0 5 0

Ch. 46. Customs {Isle of Man). 37 & 38 Vict.

If the Degrees of And if the Degrees Specific Gravity of Specific Gravity be be less than Duty the Barrel of 36 Gallons. A 8. d.

1070 - 1075 - - 0 5 6

1075 - 1080 - - 0 6 0

1080 - 1085 - - 0 6 6

1085 - 1090 - - 0 7 0

1090 - 1095 - - 0 7 6

1095 - 1100 - - 0 8 0

1100 - 1105 - - 0 8 6

1105 - 1110 - - 0 9 0

1110 - 1115 - - 0 9 6

1115 - 1120 - - 0 10 0

1120 - 1125 - - 0 10 6

1125 or more - 0 11 0

Chicory and coffee, or any other matter applicable to the use of chicory or coffee the lb. £ s. 0 0

Spirits, namely: —

Brandy, Geneva, and all foreign spirits, not being liqueurs, cordials, mixed, sweetened, or perfumed, spirits - the gallon 0 8 6

Rum, including shrub, of the British Possessions - the gallon 0 6 6

British or Irish spirits not otherwise exempted from payment of duty

the gallon 0 6 6

Spirits: —

Such spirits not exceeding the strength of proof by Sykes' hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater or less strength of proof, and for any greater or less quantity than a gallon.

Liqueurs, cordials, mixed, sweetened, and

perfumed spirits - - the gallon 0 10 0

---- of the British Possessions - do. 0 5 0

Eau de Cologne - - do. 0 10 0

Tea - the lb. 0 0 4

Tobacco, unmanufactured - do. 0 2 6

Tobacco: —

Manufactured, of all sorts, and cigars do. 0 3 6

Wine, namely: —

Containing less than 26 degrees of proof spirit veriBed by Sykes' hydrometer, the strength thereof having been ascertained by test at Liverpool; or some other testing port in Great Britain or Ireland

the gallon 0 0 8

Other wines - - do. 0 18

1874.

Ch. 46.

269

Customs (Tde of Mart).

2. No duty shall be chargeable on any of the goods, wares, Goods duty and merchandise herein-before enumerated, whether British or foreign, on their being brought into the Isle of Man from land not Great Britain or Ireland, the import duties upon which shall chargeable in have been there paid, if foreign, or the duties of excise upon ^frMan which shall have been there paid and not drawn back, if Majesty shall British, unless and until He? Majesty shall by Order in Council by Order in direct that such goods or any of them shall not be brought into

the said Isle without payment of the duties chargeable by this Act in respect thereof, and Her Majesty is hereby authorised and empowered at any time to make such Order, and to alter, vary, or revoke the same as may appear expedient.

3. On the removal of any ale or beer to the Isle of Man, Computation of the proper officer of inland revenue shall on application to him removed* for that purpose grant a certificate setting forth therein the int0 the Isle of degree of specific gravity of any ale or beer intended to be Man. removed to the said Isle according to the foregoing table, and the duty shall be charged in the said Isle according to the scale in the said table, in respect of the degree of specific gravity so certified; such certificate to be transmitted by the said officer of inland revenue to the collector of customs at the port of destination in the said Isle, and if any ale or beer shall be brought into the said Isle without such certificate having been granted as aforesaid, the same shall be charged with the duty of eleven shillings per barrel of thirty-six gallons.

4. On the removal to Great Britain or Ireland of ale or Drawback on beer manufactured in the said Isle, the degree of specific gra-

vity thereof shall be ascertained by the proper officer of inland Gr^Britain revenue at the port of arrival, according to the said table, and or Ireland, a certificate thereof shall be by him transmitted to the collector of customs at the port of removal in the said Isle, and thereupon a drawback shall be allowed, equal in amount to the duty which shall have been paid thereon under the authority of any Act passed or to be passed by the Legislative Authority of the said Isle.

5. On the exportation from the Isle of Man to foreign parts Drawback on of ale or beer brewed in the said Isle, the same rate of draw-

back shall be allowed thereon as is allowed on the removal of foreign parts, ale or beer from the said Isle to Great Britain or Ireland, and shall be ascertained in such manner and according to such regulations as the Commissioners of Customs may from time to time direct or approve, and shall be paid accordingly.

6. The Acts and parts of Acts set forth in Schedule A. Enactments in annexed to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent to

which such Acts or parts of Acts, are by such schedule expressed to be repealed, except as to any orders, matters, or things, made or done before the commencement of this Act in pursuance of any of the said Acts or parts of Acts.

270

[Short title.]

Ch. '46, 47# Customs (Isle of Man). 37 & 38 Vict.

7. This Act may be cited as " The Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff Act, 1874."

SCHEDULE A. of Acts and parts of Acts to be repealed.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

18 & 19 Vict. c. The Customs Tariff Act, Section one, so far as re-

97. 1855. gards the Isle of Man, and Table B. and section two.

29 Vict. c. 23. - Isle of Man Customs, Harbours, and Public Purposes Act, 1866. Sections one and two.

30 & 31 Vict. c. Isle of Man Customs The whole Act.

86. Duties Act, 1867.

35 & 36 Vict. c. The Customs and Inland So much of section two

20. Revenue Act, 1872. as relates to the Isle of Man.

36 Vict. c. 29. - The Customs Sugar Duties (Isle of Man) Act, 1873. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to extend the Powers of Prison Authorities in relation to Industrial and Reformatory Schools, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS by the Prisons Act, 1865, prison authorities are empowered to borrow money for the purposes of altering, enlarging, new building, or building prisons:

And whereas prison authorities have power by the Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872, to contribute towards or themselves to undertake the alteration, enlargement, rebuilding, establishment, building, or purchase of the site for any industrial school, and by the Reformatory Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872, to contribute towards or themselves to undertake the alteration, enlargement, rebuilding, establishment, building, or purchase of the .site for any reformatory school, but no power is given prison authorities under the said Acts relating to industrial and reformatory schools to borrow money for the purposes of such schools:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Ch. 47.

271

Industrial and Reformatory Schools *

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Prisons Authorities Act, 1874," and shall be construed, as far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, as follows; that is to say, so far as it relates to industrial schools with the Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872, and so far as it relates to reformatory schools with the Reformatory Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872.

2. Subject to the provisions of "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," any prison authority may, with the approval of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, borrow money for the purpose of defraying or contributing towards the expense of altering, enlarging, rebuilding, establishing, building, or purchasing the site of any industrial or reformatory school under the said Industrial and Reformatory Schools Acts, or any of them.

3. Any moneys borrowed by a prison authority under this Act may be charged by that authority on any county rate, or rate in the nature of a county rate, borough rate, or other rate applicable to the maintenance of a prison and leviable by that authority, or on any other property belonging to that authority and applicable to the same purpose as the said rates, and shall be repaid, together with the interest due thereon, out of such rates or other property.

4. The clauses of "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with the exception of the eighty-fourth clause with respect to mortgages to be created by the Commissioners, shall form part of and be incorporated with this Act, and any mortgagee or assignee may enforce payment of his principal and interest by appointment of a receiver.

In the construction of the said clauses " the Commissioners" shall mean " the prison authority."

Where a prison authority borrows any money under this Act they shall charge the rates or property out of which the moneys borrowed are payable, not only with the interest of the moneys so borrowed, but also with the payment of such further sum as will ensure the repayment of the whole sum borrowed within thirty years.

5. For the purposes of the said Industrial and Reformatory Schools Acts and this Act the justices of the county of Worcester in quarter sessions assembled shall be deemed to be the prison authority for the county of Worcester at large, and the council of the city of Worcester shall be deemed to be the prison authority for the city of Worcester and county of the same city, anything in the Worcester Prison Act, 1867, or any other Act, notwithstanding.

[Short title.]

Construction of Act.

Power to borrow money for purposes of industrial and reformatory schools.

Charge of borrowed moneys.

Certain clauses of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. as to borrowing money incorporated.

Special provision as to the county and city of Worcester.

272

Ch. 48.

Hosiery Manufacture (Wages). 37 Ss38 Vict.

Wages to be paid without any stoppages whatever.

Contracts to stop wages and for frame rents illegal.

Penalty for bargaining to deduct and for deducting from wages.

Penalty for using frame otherwise than for the purpose for which same lent.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to provide for the payment of Wages without Stoppages in the Hosiery Manufacture.

[30th July'1874.]

WHEREAS a custom has prevailed among the employers of artificers in the hosiery manufacture of letting out frames and machinery to the artificers employed by them, and it is desirable to prohibit such letting of frames and machinery, and the stoppage of wages for frame rents and charges in the hosiery manufacture:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In all contracts for wages the full and entire amount of all wages the earnings of labour in the hosiery manufacture shall be actually and positively made payable in net, in the current coin of the realm, and not otherwise, without any deduction or stoppage of any description whatever, save and except for bad and disputed workmanship.

2. All contracts to stop wages, and all contracts for frame rents and charges, between employer and artificers, shall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void.

3. If any employer shall bargain to deduct, or shall deduct, directly or indirectly, from the wages of any artificer in his employ any part of such wages for frame rent and standing or other charges, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the same or any part thereof in the current coin of the realm, he shall forfeit a sum of five pounds for every offence, to be recovered by the said artificer or any other person suing for the same in the county court in the district where the offence is committed, with full costs of suit.

4. If any frame or machine which shall have been entrusted to any artificer or other person by his employer for the purpose of being used in the hosiery manufacture for such employer, or in any process incident to such manufacture, shall, whilst the same shall be so entrusted, be worked, used, or employed without the consent in writing of such employer or other person so entrusting such frame or machine, in the manufacture of any goods or articles whatever for any other person than the person by whom such frame or machine shall have been so entrusted, then and in every such case the artificer or other person to whom the same shall have been so entrusted shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for every day on any part of which any such frame or machine shall have been so worked, used, or employed, to be recoverable by and

1874. Hosiery Manufacture (Wages). Ch. 48. 273

for the benefit of the person who shall have so entrusted the same, in the county court for the district where the offence shall have been committed, with full costs of suit.

5. No action, suit, or set off between employer and artificer No action to

shall be allowed for any deduction or stoppage of wages, nor res^cToranj-for any contract hereby declared illegal. such bar-

gaining.

6. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent Employer may the recovery in the ordinary course of law, by suit brought Jcove^bt or commenced for the purpose of any debt due from the from^rtificer. artificer to the employer.

7. Within the meaning and for the purposes of this Act, Definition of all workmen, labourers, and other persons in any manner en- terms* gaged in the performance of any employment or operation, of

what nature soever, in or about the hosiery manufacture, shall be and be deemed " artificersand, within the meaning and for the purposes aforesaid, all masters, foremen, managers, clerks, contractors, sub-contractors, middlemen, and other persons engaged in the hiring, employment, or superintendence of th4 labour of any such artificers shall be and be deemed to be " employers and, within the meaning and for the purposes of this Act, any money or other thing had or contracted to be paid, delivered, or given as a recompense, reward, or remuneration for any labour done or to be done, whether within a certain time or to a certain amount, or for a time or for an amount uncertain, shall be deemed and taken to be the wages of such labour; and, within the meaning and for the purposes aforesaid, any agreement, understanding, device, contrivance, collusion, or arrangement whatsoever on the subject of wages, whether written or oral, whether direct or indirect, to which the employer and artificers are parties or are assenting, or by which they are mutually bound to each other, or whereby either of them shall have endeavoured to impose an obligation on the other of them, shall be and be deemed a " contract."

8. This Act shall not commence or take effect till the ex- Commence-piration of three calendar months next after the day of passing ment of Act. the same.

[Short title.]

9. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874.

27 4

Ch. 49.

Intoxicating Liquors.

37 & 38 Vict.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94.

Construction mid short title of Act.

35 & 36 Vict c. 94.

[Commencement of Act.]

Hours of closing premises licensed for sale of intoxicating liquors.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the sale and consumption of Intoxicating Liquors.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Licensing Act, 1872, in this Act referred to as the principal Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act and the principal Act shall, so far as is consistent with the respective tenors of such Acts, be construed as one Act, and may be cited together as " The Licensing Acts, 1872-1874but this Act may, if necessary, be cited separately as " The Licensing Act, 1874."

2. This Act shall come into operation as to the precisions relating to hours of closing (not being provisions relating to the grant of early-closing licenses), and as to the provision repealing section twenty-four of the principal Act, on the tenth of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and not before, and as to the remainder, immediately on the passing of this Act.

Honrs of Closing.

3. All premises in which intoxicating liquors are sold by retail shall be closed as follows; (that is to say,)

(1.) If situate within the metropolitan district, —

(a) On Saturday night from midnight until one o'clock in the afternoon on the following Sunday; and

(6) On Sunday night from eleven o'clock imtil five o'clock on the following morning; and

(c) On all other days from half an hour after midnight until five o'clock on the same morning; and (2.) If situate beyond the metropolitan district and in the metropolitan police district or in a town or in a populous place as defined by this Act, —

(a) On Saturday night from eleven o'clock until half an hour after noon on the following Sunday; and

(6) On Sunday night from ten o'clock until six o'clock on the following morning; and

(c) On the nights of all other days from eleven o'clock until six o'clock on the following morning; and (3.) If situate elsewhere than in the metropolitan district or the metropolitan police district or such town or populous place as aforesaid, —

1874 Intoxicating Liquors. Ch. 49. 275

(a) On Saturday night from ten o'clock until half an hour after noon on the following Sunday; and

(6) On Sunday night from ten o'clock until six o'clock on the following morning; and

(c) On the nights of all other days from ten o'clock until six o'clock on the following morning.

Such premises wherever situate shall, save as herein-after mentioned, be closed on Sunday afternoon from three or halfpast two according as the hour of opening shall be one o'clock in the afternoon or half an hour after noon until six o'clock.

Such premises wherever situate shall be closed on Christmas Day and Good Friday and on the days preceding Christmas Day and Good Friday respectively, as if Christmas Day and Good Friday were respectively Sunday, and the preceding days were respectively Saturday, but this provision shall not alter the hours during which such premises shall be closed on Sunday when Christmas Day immediately precedes or succeeds Sunday.

4. An exemption from the above-mentioned hours of Exemptions as closing shall not be granted in respect of premises in the to neighbourhood of a theatre, for the accommodation of persons rep attending the same, and so much of the twenty-sixth section of the principal Act as provides for the granting of an order making such exemption shall be repealed.

5. The grant of an order of exemption under the said Exemptions as twenty-sixth section amended as aforesaid may be made to to beer-houses, any person licensed to sell beer or cyder by retail, to be consumed upon the premises, as well as to any licensed victualler or licensed keeper of a refreshment house.

The grant of a license under the twenty-ninth section of the Further exprincipal Act may be made to any person licensed to sell beer 'imPtl0ns as to

xx y y x beer-houses

or cyder by retail, to be consumed upon the premises, as well as to any licensed victualler or keeper of a refreshment house in which intoxicating liquors are sold.

6. Notwithstanding anything in this or in any Local Act Power to vary contained, the licensing justices may, if they think fit, as ^te^0l respects premises in which intoxicating liquors are sold, when of closing pre-situate in any place beyond the metropolitan district, for the mises for sale purpose of accommodating the hours of closing on Sunday, 5?f intoxicating Good Friday, and Christmas Day to the hours of public quors' worship in such place, by order direct that such premises shall remain closed until one o'clock in the afternoon instead of half an hour after noon, and in that case such premises shall be closed in the afternoon from three until six o'clock, instead of from half-past two until six o'clock.

Any order made by the licensing justices under this section shall not come into operation until the expiration of one month after the date thereof, and shall be advertised in such

Ch. 49.

Intoxicating Liquors.

37 & 38 Vict.

Early closing licenses.

Remission of duty in case oi six-day and early-closing license.

Penalty for infringing Act a to hours of closing.

manner as the licensing justices direct, and shall be in force until the same is revoked; the expense of any such advertisement may be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of advertising the sittings of such justices are defrayed.

7. Where, on the occasion of any application for a new license, or the removal or renewal of a license which authorises the sale of any intoxicating liquor for consumption on the premises, the applicant applies to the licensing justices to insert in his license a condition that he shall close the premises in respect of which such license is or is to be granted one hour earlier at night than that at which such premises would otherwise have to be closed, the justices shall insert the said condition in such license.

The holder of a license in which such condition is inserted (in this Act referred to as an early-closing license) shall close his premises at night one hour earlier than the ordinary hour at which such premises would be closed under the provisions of this Act, and the provisions of this Act and the principal Act shall apply to the premises as if such earlier hour were the hour at winch the premises are required to be closed.

The holder of an early-closing license may obtain from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue any license granted by such Commissioners which he is entitled to obtain in pursuance of such early-closing license, upon payment of a sum representing six sevenths of the duty which would otherwise be payable by him for a similar license not limited to such early closing as aforesaid. In calculating the six sevenths fractions of a penny shall be disregarded.

The notice which a licensed person is required by section eleven of the principal Act to keep painted or fixed on his premises shall, in the case of an early-closing license, contain such words as the licensing justices may order for giving notice to the public that an early-closing license has been granted in respect of such premises.

8. A person who takes out a license containing conditions rendering such license a six-day license, as well as an early-closing license, shall be entitled to a remission of two sevenths of the duty.

9. Any person who —

During the time at which premises for the sale of intoxicating liquors are directed to be closed by or in pursuance of this Act, sells or exposes for sale in such premises any intoxicating liquor, or opens or keeps open such premises for the sale of intoxicating liquors, or allows any intoxicating liquors although purchased before the hours of closing to be consumed in such premises, — shall for the first offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

1874.

Intoxicating Liquors.

Ch. 49 *

277

10. Nothing in this Act or in the principal Act contained Saving as to shall preclude a person licensed to sell any intoxicating liquor

to be consumed on the premises from selling such liquor at lodgers, any time to bona fide travellers or to persons lodging in his house: Provided that no person holding a six-day license shall sell any intoxicating liquor on Sunday to any person whatever not lodging in his house.

Nothing in this Act contained as to hours of closing shall preclude the sale at anj^ time, at a railway station, of intoxicating liquors to persons arriving at or departing from such station by railroad.

If in the course of any proceedings which may be taken against any licensed person for infringing the provisions of this Act or the principal Act, relating to dosing, such person (in this section referred to as the defendant) fails to prove that the person to whom the intoxicating liquor was sold (in this section referred to as the purchaser) is a bona fide traveller, but the justices are satisfied that the defendant truly believed that the purchaser was a bon& fide traveller, and further that the defendant took all reasonable precautions to ascertain whether or not the purchaser was such a traveller, the justices shall dismiss the case as against the defendant, and if they think that the purchaser falsely represented himself to be a bona fide traveller, it shall be lawful for the justices to direct proceedings to be instituted against such purchaser under the twenty-fifth section of the principal Act.

A person for the purposes of this Act and the principal Act shall not be deemed to be a bona fide traveller unless the place where he lodged during the preceding night is at least three miles distant from the place where he demands to be supplied with liquor, such distance to be calculated by the nearest public thoroughfare.

11. Whereas by the Act of the session of the twenty-seventh Hours of and twenty-eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, closing night chapter sixty-four, it is provided that no persons within the houses* limits of that Act shall open or keep open any refreshment

house, to which that Act so far as it is unrepealed applies, or sell or expose for sale or consumption in any such refreshment house any refreshments or any article whatsoever between the hours of one and four o'clock in the morning: And whereas it is expedient to amend the provisions of the said Act: Be it therefore enacted, that the said Act, so far as it is unrepealed, shall be construed as if there were substituted therein for the hour of one o'clock in the morning the hour of the night or morning at which premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors by retail situate in the same place as such refreshment house are required to be closed, and as if the whole of England were within the limits of the Act, and as if the expression "district" 'in the Act included any place in which such refreshment house is situate,

278

Ch. 49.

Intoxicating Liquors.

37 & 38 Vict.

Record of Convictions and Penalties.

Mitigation of 12. The sixty-seventh section of the principal Act is hereby penalties. repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that where any person holding a license under this or the principal Act is convicted of any offence against this or the principal Act, or against any of the Acts recited or mentioned therein, the Court may not, except in the case of a first offence, reduce the penalty to less than twenty shillings, nor shall the penalty, whether of excise or police, be reduced in any case to less than the minimum authorised by any other Act.

Record of 13. Where any licensed person is convicted of any offence

convictions on against the principal Act which by such Act was to have licenses. been or might have been endorsed upon the license, or of any offence against this Act, the court before whom the offender is brought shall cause the register of licenses in which the license of the offender is entered, or a copy of the entries therein relating to the license of the offender, certified in manner prescribed by section fifty-eight of the principal Act, to be produced to the court before passing sentence, and after inspecting the entries therein in relation to the license of the offender, or such copy thereof as aforesaid, the court shall declare, as part of its sentence, whether it will or will not cause the conviction for such offence to be recorded on the license of the offender, and if it decide that such record is to be made, the same shall be made accordingly.

A declaration by the court that a record of an offence is to be made on a license shall be deemed to be part of the conviction or order of the court in reference to such offence, and shall be subject accordingly to the jurisdiction of the court of appeal.

A direction by the court that a conviction for an offence is to be recorded on the license of the offender shall, for the purposes of the principal Act, be deemed equivalent to a direction or requirement by the Act that such conviction is to be recorded; and all the provisions of the principal Act importing that convictions are required or directed by the Act to be recorded on the license of an offender shall be construed accordingly.

Record of con- 14. Where a licensed person is convicted of any offence alteration again8f the provisions of any Act for the time being in force relating to the adulteration of drink, such conviction shall be entered in the proper register of licenses, and may be directed to be recorded on the license of the offender in the same manner as if the conviction were for an offence against this Act, and when so recorded shall have effect as if it had been a conviction for an offence against this Act.

Temporary 15. Where any licensed person is convicted for the first time

continuance of of any one of the following offences, — licenses tor- # o 9

feited for single 1. Making an internal communication between his licensed

offences. premises and any unlicensed premises;

2874. Intoxicating IAqyuors. Ch. 49. 279

2. Forging a certificate under the Wine and Beerhouse Acts,

1869 and 1870;

3. Selling spirits without a spirit license;

4. Any felony;

and in consequence either becomes personally disqualified or has his license forfeited, there may be made by or on behalf of the owner of the premises an application to a court of summary jurisdiction for authority to carry on the same business on the same premises until the next special sessions for licensing purposes, and a further application to such next special sessions for the grant of a license in respect of such premises, and for this purpose the provisions contained in the Intoxicating Liquor Licensing Act, 1828, with respect to the grant of a temporary authority and to the grant of licenses at special sessions shall apply as if the person convicted had been rendered incapable of keeping an inn, and the person applying for such grant was his assignee.

Regulations as to entry on Premises.

16. Any constable may, for the purpose of preventing or Constable to detecting the violation of any of the provisions of the principal en.ter °n Pre '

o / i i # a raises for cn-

Act or this Act which it is his duty to enforce, at all times forcement of

enter on any licensed premises, or any premises in respect of Act.

which an occasional license is in force.

Every person who, by himself, or by any person in his employ or acting by his* direction or with his consent, refuses or fails to admit any constable in the execution of his duty demanding to enter in pursuance of this section, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding for the first offence five pounds, and not exceeding for the second and every subsequent offence ten pounds.

17. Any justice of the peace, if satisfied by information on Search war-oath that there is reasonable ground to believe that any intoxicating liquor is sold by retail or exposed or kept for sale g1^ or kept by retail at any place within his jurisdiction, whether a contrary- to building or not, in which such liquor is not authorised to be law *

sold by retail, may in his discretion grant a warrant under his hand, by virtue whereof it shall be lawful for any constable named in [such warrant, at any time or times within one month from the date thereof, to enter, and, if need be by force, the place named in the warrant, and every part thereof, and examine the same and search for intoxicating liquor therein, and seize and remove any intoxicating liquor found therein which there is reasonable ground to suppose is in such place for the purpose of unlawful sale at that or any other place, and the vessels containing such liquor; and in the event of the owner or occupier of such premises being convicted of selling by retail or exposing or keeping for sale by retail any liquor which he is not authorised to sell by retail, the intoxi-

Ch. 49. Intoxicating Liquors. 37 & 38 Vict.

eating liquor so seized and the vessels containing such liquor shall be forfeited.

When a constable has entered any premises in pursuance of any such warrant as is mentioned in this section, and has seized and removed such liquor as aforesaid, any person found at the time on the premises shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been on such premises for the purpose of illegally dealing in intoxicating liquor, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Any constable may demand the name and address of any person found on any premises on which he seizes or from which he removes any such liquor as aforesaid, and if he has reasonable ground to suppose that the name or address given is false may examine such person further as to the correctness of such name and address, and may, if such person fail upon such demand to give his name or address, or to answer satisfactorily the questions put to him by the constable, apprehend him without warrant and carry him as soon as practicable before a justice of the peace.

Any person required by a constable under this section to give his name and address who fails to give the same, or gives a false name or address, or gives false information with respect to such name and address, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

Occasional Licenses.

Occasional1 18. Any person selling or exposing for sale any intoxicating

license required liquor in any booth, tent, or place within the limits of holding races" any lawful and accustomed fair or any races without an occasional license authorising such sale shall, notwithstanding anything contained in any Act of Parliament to the contrary, be deemed to be a person selling or exposing for sale by retail intoxicating liquor at a place where he is not authorised by his license to sell the same, and be punishable accordingly.

Provided that this section shall not apply to any person selling or exposing for sale intoxicating liquors in premises in which he is duly authorised to sell the same throughout the year, although such premises are situate within the limits aforesaid.

Occasional licenses, — extension of time for closing.

19. Whereas by the twentieth section of the Act of the session of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-three, it is provided that the hours during which an occasional license shall authorise the sale of any beer, spirits, or wine shall extend from sunrise until one hour after sunset: Be it enacted, that the said section shall be construed as if in place of the words " sunrise until one hour after sunset " there were inserted the words "such hour not earlier than sunrise until such hour " not later than ten o'clock at night as may be specified in

Intoxicating Liquors

Ch. 49.

281

" behalf in the consent given by the justice for the granting

" of such occasional license."

20. For the purpose of so much of the principal Act as Offences on relates to offences against public order, that is to say, sections twelve to eighteen, both inclusive, and the sections for giving license .; effect to the same, a person taking outj an occasional license shall be deemed to be a licensed person within the meaning of the said sections, and the place in which any intoxicating liquors are sold in pursuance of the occasional license shall be deemed to be licensed premises, and to be the premises of the person taking out such license.

MiswUarieous.

21. "Where from any reason there are not for the time being Supply of three qualified borough justices to form the quota of a joint of* m committee for such borough, in pursuance of section thirty-eight borough of the principal Act, the deficiency in number of such borough justices on justices shall be supplied by qualified county justices to be ^om' appointed by the county licensing committee.

22. Any person interested in any premises about"' to be Provisional constructed or in course of construction for the purpose of

being used as a house for the sale of intoxicating liquors to be £f licenses to

consumed on the premises may apply to the licensing justices new premises.

and to the confirming authority for the provisional grant and

confirmation of a license in respect of such premises; and the justices and confirming authority, if satisfied with the

plans submitted to them of such house, and that if such premises

had been actually constructed in accordance with such plans

they would, on application, have granted and confirmed such a

license in respect thereof, may make such provisional grant

and order of confirmation accordingly.

A provisional grant and order of confirmation shall not be of any validity until it has been declared to be final by an order of the licensing justices made after such notice has been given as may be required by the justices at a general annual licensing meeting or a special sessions held for licensing purposes. Such declaration shall be made if the justices are satisfied that the house has been completed in accordance with such plans as aforesaid, and are also satisfied that no objection can be made to the character of the holder of such provisional license.

A provisional grant and confirmation of a license shall be subject to the same conditions as to the giving of notices and generally as to procedure to which such grant and confirmation would be subject if they respectively were not provisional, with this exception, that where a notice is required to be put up on a door of a house such notice may be put up in a conspicuous position on any part of the premises.

Aa 3

282 Ch. 49. Irtfoxicating Liquors - 37 & 38 Vict.

This section shall, with the necessary variations, extend to the provisional removal to any premises of an existing license under section fifty of the principal Act,

One license 23. Separate licenses of justices shall not be required in ma^U extend ca&e sePara^e excise licenses, and a license of justices

to^vend1 shall comprehend a permission to the licensee to take out as excise licenses, many excise licenses as may be specified in such license of the justices.

License to sell 24. A license to sell any intoxicating liquor for consump-

liquor not to be tion only off the premises shall not require confirmation by consumed on , / r *

the premises. a^y authority.

Joint com- 25. Where the confirming authority is a joint committee, ^esundS^6 ^at committee shall make rules in pursuance of section forty-s. 43 of prin- three of the principal Act as to the proceedings to be adopted, cipal Act. for the confirmation of new licenses, and as to the costs of such proceedings, and the persons by whom such costs are to be paid.

Notices of adjourned brewster sessions and of intention to oppose.

26. Whereas by section forty-two of the principal Act it is enacted that a licensed person applying for the renewal of his' license need not attend in person at the general annual licensing meeting unless he is required by the licensing justices so to attend: Be it enacted, that such requisition shall not be made, save for some special cause personal to the licensed person to whom such requisition is sent.

It shall not be necessary to serve copies of notices of any adjournment of a general annual licensing meeting on holders of licenses or applicants for licenses who are not required to attend at such adjourned annual general licensing meeting.

A notice of an intention to oppose the renewal of a license served under section forty-two of the principal Act shall not be valid unless it states in general terms the grounds on which, the renewal of such license is to be opposed.

No appeal 27. There shall be repealed so much of section eight of the

to quarter Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, as incorporates or applies any

certain^cases repealed enactment, and no appeal shall be had to quarter

sessions from any act -of any justice with respect to the grant of new certificates under the Wine and Beerhouse Acts, 1869 and 1870.

Substitution 28. Whereas by section eleven of the principal Act it is of licensing provided that every licensed person shall cause to be painted (Commissioners or ^xe an(l s^a^- keep painted or fixed, on the premises in of inland respect of which his license is granted, in a conspicuous place

Revenue as and in such form and manner as the Commissioners of Inland

certainnotices. Revenue may from time to time direct, his name, with such additions as in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to substitute in the said section the licensing justices

1874. Intoodcati/ng Liquors. Ch. 49. 283

for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue: Be it therefore enacted —

That in the said eleventh section the expression "licensing justices " shall be deemed to be substituted for the expression "Commissioners of Inland Revenue," and the word "justices " for the word " Commissioners."

29. Any person possessing an estate or interest in premises Definition of licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors, whether as owner, term "owner.5 lessee, or mortgagee, prior or paramount to that of the immediate occupier, shall, on payment of a fee of one 'shilling to the clerk of the licensing justices, be entitled to be registered as owner or one of the owners of such premises:

Provided that when such estate or interest is vested in two or more persons jointly, ' one only of such persons shall be registered as representing such estate or interest.

30. No person keeping a house licensed under this or the principal Act shall be liable to any penalty for supplying intoxicating liquors, after the hours of closing, to private friends bona fide entertained by him at his own expense,

31. An additional retail license to sell beer for consumption off the premises may be granted at any special sessions for licensing purposes to the holder of a strong beer dealer's wholesale excise license, in the same manner and subject to the same conditions in and subject to which it might be granted at any general annual licensing meeting.

Person not to be liable for supplying liquor to private friends without charge. Additional retail license may be granted at special sessions for licensing.

Definitions and Repeal.

32. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the Definitions, following expressions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

" The metropolitan district" means the area in that behalf poUtwi^is^0* mentioned in the schedule hereto. trict."

" Town" means an urban sanitary district as described for " Town." the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1872; and any collection of houses adjacent to a town as so defined shall, for the purpose of the provisions of this Act with respect to the closing of premises, be deemed to be part of such town after it has been declared so to be by an order of the county licensing committee having jurisdiction in the place where such houses are situated: Provided that no urban sanitary district, whether including such adjacent houses or not, shall be deemed a town, unless it contains one thousand inhabitants.

" Populous place" means any area with a population of not less than one thousand, which by reason of the density p of such population the county licensing committee may by order determine to be a populous place.

At a meeting especially convened for that purpose in manner provided by any regulations in that behalf, or in default of

284

Qa. 49.

Intoxicating Liquors.

37 & 38 Vict.

" Occasional license."

" A new license."

Repeal.

such regulations by the clerk of the peace, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, and not later than the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the county licensing committee shall consider all the cases within their jurisdiction with respect to which it is incumbent upon them to make orders in pursuance of this section, and they shall make orders accordingly, and shall specify therein the boundaries of such towns or populous places.

The county licensing committee may adjourn any meeting held in pursuance of this section, and may also at any subsequent meeting especially convened for that purpose make with respect to any town or populous place within their jurisdiction any like order not restrictive of any order previously made.

Provided that as soon as may be after the publication of each census the county licensing committee shall, at a meeting to be specially convened for the purpose, revise the orders then in force within their jurisdiction, constituting areas either parts of towns or populous places, and may alter or cancel any of the said orders or may make such further orders, if any, as they shall deem necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Act.

" Occasional license" means a license to sell beer, spirits, or wine granted in pursuance of the thirteenth section of the Act passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-two, and section five of the Act of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighteen, and the Acts amending the same in relation to the licenses therein mentioned, or of any of such Acts.

" A new license" means a license for the sale of any intoxicating liquor granted at a general annual licensing meeting in respect of premises in respect of which a similar license has not theretofore been granted.

33. There are hereby Repealed the sections of the principal Act relating to the following matters; that is to say,

(1.) Sections nineteen to twenty-two, both inclusive, relating to adulteration, and the first schedule to the principal Act;

(2.) Section twenty-four, relating to hours of closing; and

(3.) Section thirty-five, relating to entry on premises by constables; and

(4.) So much of sections five, six, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, and twenty-eight as relates to the records of convictions on licenses, and of section seventy-four as contains the definition of a town for the purposes of the provisions with respect to closing and of a new license.

1874,

Intoxicating Liquors.

Ch. 49, 50.

285

(5.) The last paragraph of section fifty-six, beginning with the words "In a county the justices" to the end of the section.

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect — (1.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed:

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under any enactment hereby repealed:

(3.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence against any enactment hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Metropolitan District.

The city of London or the liberties thereof, or any parish or place for the time being subject to the .jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works, or within the area contained within a circle the radius of which is four miles from Charing Cross.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Married Women's Property Act (1870).

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is not just that the property which a woman has at the time of her marriage should pass to her husband, and that he should not be liable for her debts contracted before marriage, and the law as to the recovery of such debts requires amendment:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of the Married Women's-Property Act, 1870, as Husband and enacts that a husband shall not be liable for the debts of his ^tlmaB^ wife contracted before marriage is repealed so far as repects fo^her debts marriages which shall take place after the passing of this Act, before mar-and a husband and wife married after the passing of this Act ria8e* may be jointly sued for any such debt.

2. The husband shall, in such action and in any action Extent to brought for damages sustained by reason of any tort committed which hus-by the wife before marriage or by reason of the breach of any band bable* contract made by the wife before marriage, be liable for the

debt or damages respectively to the extent only of the assets herein-after specified; and in addition to any other plea or pleas may plead that he is not liable to pay the debt or damages

286

Ch. 50. Married Women'8Property Act(1870)Am 37 & 38 Vict.

If husband without assets he shall have judgment for costs.

Joint and separate judgment against husband and wife for debt.

Assets for which husband liable.

[Extent of Act.]

[Short title.]

in respect of any such assets as herein-after specified; or, confessing his liability to some amount, that he is not liable beyond what he so confesses; and if no such plea is pleaded the husband shall be deemed to have confessed his liability so far as assets are concerned.

3. If it is not found in such action that the husband is liable in respect of any such assets, he shall have judgment for his costs of defence, whatever the result of the action may be against the wife.

4. When a husband and wife are sued jointly, if by confession or otherwise it appears that the husband is liable for the debt or damages recovered, or any part thereof, the judgment to the extent of the amount for which the husband is liable shall be a joint judgment against the husband and wife, and as to the residue, if any, of such debt or damages, the judgment shall be a separate judgment against the wife.

5. The assets in respect of and to the extent of which the husband shall in any such action be liable are as follows:

(1.) The value of the personal estate in possession of the wife, which shall have vested in the husband:

(2.) The value of the choses in action of the wife which the husband shall have reduced into possession, or which with reasonable diligence he might have reduced into possession:

(3.) The value of the chattels real of the wife which shall have vested in the husband and wife:

(4.) The value of the rents and profits of the real estate of the wife which the husband shall have received, or with reasonable diligence might have received:

(5.) The value of the husband's estate or interest in any. property, real or personal, which the wife in contemplation of her marriage with him shall have transferred to him or to any other person:

(6.) The value of any property, real or personal, which the wife in contemplation of her marriage with the husband shall with his consent have transferred to any person with the view of defeating or delaying her existing creditors:

Provided that when the husband after marriage pays any debt of his wife, or has a judgment bon& fide recovered against him in any such action as is in this Act mentioned, then to the extent of such payment or judgment the husband shall not in any subsequent action be liable.

6. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

7. This Act may be cited as the " Married Women's Property Act (1870) Amendment Act, 1874."

1874.

Cham Cables and Anchors.

Ch. 51.

287

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Proving and Sale of f!hain Cables and Anchors.

[30th July 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Act of the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, chapter one hundred and one, intituled An Act to amend the law respecting the proving and sale of 4t Chain Cables and Anchors

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Chain Cables Construction and Anchors Acts, 1864 and 1871, and together with those ^enwment Acts may be cited as the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts of Act.

1864 to 1874, and may be cited separately as the Chain Cables and Anchors Act, 1874, and shall take effect from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

2. All fees paid to the Board of Trade, and all fees and Fees to be other sums received by the Trinity House as their licensee in Paid int0 and pursuance of the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts, 1864 to of McrcantUe 1874, shall be carried to the Mercantile Marine Fund; and all Marine Fund, expenses of the Board of Trade: and Trinity House incurred under the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts, 1864 to 1874, and the salary and allowances payable to an inspector, shall be paid out of the Mercantile Marine Fund.

3. After the commencement of this Act a maker of or No chain dealer in anchors and chain cables shall not sell or contract

to sell, nor shall any person purchase or contract to purchase, ceeding 168 for the use of any British ship, any chain cable or any anchor lbs. weight exceeding in weight one hundred and sixty-eight pounds which has not been previously tested and stamped in accord- tested, ance with the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts, 1864 to 1874.

Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor.

4. Every contract for the sale of a chain cable shall, in Contract for the absence of an express stipulation to the contrary (proof sale to imply whereof shall lie on the seller), be deemed to imply a warranty a warranty-that the cable has been before delivery tested and stamped

in accordance with the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts, 1864 to 1874. In case of dispute the proof of such testing and stamping shall be on the seller.

5. Whenever any ship is surveyed or detained by the Board Cables and of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1873, on the a?1cho"of

rr ° 9 9 alleged un-

Ch. 51.

seaworthy ships to be tested.

34 & 85 Vict. c. 101. s. 6. repealed.

Test approved by Board of Trade to be substituted.

Superior tests may be substituted in certain cases.

Acts specified in Schedule repealed in part.

Chain Cables and Anchors. 37 & 38 Vfbr.

ground of alleged unseaworthiness, the Board may direct an inquiry into the condition of the cables and anchors, andi if they have not been tested according to the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts, 1864 to 1874, may make such further order jis they think requisite previous to her release.

6. Section six of the Act of the thirty-fourth and thirty-

fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter on$ hundred and one, shall be repealed, and in lieu thereof any test approved of by the Board of Trade as a test equal or superior to the tests required by the said Act may be substituted for such tests; provided that every chain is tested td a tensile and breaking strain not less than that known as the Admiralty test.

7. Any test approval by the Board of Trade as a test* superior to the tensile and breaking test required by the said Act may, in any particular case or class of cases, be substituted for such test; and in such case or class of cases chains and anchors tested according to the test so approved shall be deemed to be tested according to the Chain Cables and Anchors Acts, 1864 to 1874, and the said test shall be noted on a certificate.

8. The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed from the commencement of this Act to the extent in the third column of that Schedule mentioned, without prejudice to anything done or suffered or any right acquired before the said day under the enactments hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

27 & 28 Vict. c. The Chain Cable and Section five from "all such

27. Anchor Act, 1864. fees" inclusive down to the end of the section, and in section six the words " out of " moneys to be provided by " Parliament for the purpose."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 73. The Merchant Shipping Act, 18/2. Section twelve.

Mersey Channels.

Ch. 52.

289

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to make regulations for preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey.

[30th July 1874.]

channels leading to the River Mersey:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any general regulations for preventing collisions at sea Special regu-

for the time being in force under the provisions of the Mer- Jj^enting chant Shipping Acts shall be construed as if the following collisions regulations were added thereto; that is to say, in the

(1.) Every steam-ship, and every vessel in tow of any ^theMver steam-ship, when navigating in the sea channels or Mersey, approaches to the River Mersey, between the*Rock Lighthouse and the furthest point seawards to which such sea channels or approaches respectively are for the time being buoyed on both sides, shall, whenever it is safe and practicable, keep to that side of the fairway or mid-channel which lies on the starboard side of such steam-ship or vessel in tow.

{2.) Every ship at anchor in the said sea channels or approaches, within the limits aforesaid, shall carry the single white light prescribed by Article 7 of the General Regulations for preventing Collisions at Sea, made under the authority of the " Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Act, 1862/' at a height not exceeding twenty feet above the hull, suspended from the forestay, or otherwise near the bow of the ship where it can be best seen; and, in addition to the said light, all ships having two or more masts shall exhibit another similar white light, at double the height of the bow light, at the main or mizzen-peak, or the boom topping lift, or other position near the stern where it can be best seen.

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the first Commence-day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy- ment of Act. four.

Bb

, 290

Ch. 53.

Revising Barristers (Payment). 37 & 38 Vict.

Amendment of section 59 of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. as to payment of substitutes for revising barristers.

Same meanings as in 36 & 37 Vict. c. 70.

[Extent of Act.]

Short titles of Acts.

Provisions of Acts in

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the payment of Revising Barristers.

[30th July 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritud. and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas doubts have arisen as to whether the provisions of the fifty-ninth section of the Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1843, with respect to the payment of barristers appointed to revise any list of voters in addition to the revising barristers originally appointed, apply to the payment of substitutes appointed in case of the death, illness, or absence of any revising barrister, or from any other cause, and it is expedient to remove such doubts, and to provide for the payment of such substitutes:

Be it therefore enacted that —

Where by reason of the death, illness, or absence of any barrister appointed to revise the lists of voters for any county, city, or borough, or from any other cause, a barrister is after the passing of this Act appointed to act in the place of the barrister so originally appointed, there shall be paid to him out of the sum which under section fifty-nine of the Parliamentory Electors Registration Act, 1843, would otherwise be payable to the barrister originally appointed, such sum for his remuneration and travelling expenses as to the Lord Chief Justice or judge who appointed him may seem reasonable.

Every barrister so originally appointed, in forwarding to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury his appointment, and the statement of having completed his sittings, shall state whether any barrister has or has not been appointed as above mentioned to act in his place.

2. Terms in this Act have the same meaning as in the Revising Barristers Act, 1873.

3. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

4. This Act may be cited as the Revising Barristers Act, 1874. The Act of the session of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-four, intituled An Act to amend the law relating to " the appointment of revising barristers," may be cited as the Revising Barristers Act, 1872.

This Act and the Revising Barristers1Act, 1872, and the Revising Barristers Act, 1873, may be cited together as the Revising Barristers Acts, 1872 to 1874.

5. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed from and after the passing of this Act to the

1874 Revising Barristers (Payment). Ch. 53, 54. 291

extent specified in the third column of that schedule, without schedule prejudice to anything done or suffered, before the passing of rePcaled. this Act under the enactments hereby repealed.

6. No barrister shall be appointed after the passing of this Qualification Act to revise any list of voters for any county, city, or of revising borough in England who is of less than seven years standing, r* unless he has been appointed in any year previous to the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three to be such revising barrister.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 8s 7 Vict. c. 18. t An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of voting, and to regulate certain proceedings in the Election of Members to serve Section twenty-nine from " Provided always that whenever " to the end of the section, and so much of the rest of the section as relates to the appointment of additional barristers in case of the insufficiency of the number

in Parliament for England and Wales. of barristers originally appointed; and section fifty-nine from " Provided always that in the case of any barrister " to the end of the section.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 84. An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Revising Barristers. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Liability and Valuation of certain Property for the purpose of Rates.

[7th August 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Rating Act, 1874."

2. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

37 & 38 Vict.

Abolition of certain exemptions from rating.

Valuation of land used as plantation, &c#

Deduction of rate by tenant of plantation, &c.

Rating.

3. Whereas by the Act of the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, chapter two, intituled An Act for the " relief of the poor/' it is provided that a poor rate shall be raised in every parish by taxation of, amongst other persons, every occupier of certain hereditaments in such parish; and it is expedient to extend the said Act, and the Acts amending the same (which Act and Acts are in this Act referred to as the Poor Rate Acts), to hereditaments other than those mentioned in the said Act: Be it therefore enacted that, —

From and after the commencement of this Act the Poor Rate Acts shall extend to the following hereditaments in like manner as if they were mentioned in the recited Act of the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth; that is to say,

(1.) To land used for a plantation or a wood or for the growth of saleable underwood, and not subject to any right of common;

(2.) To rights of fowling, of shooting, of taking or killing game or rabbits, and of fishing, when severed from the occupation of the land; and (3.) To mines of every kind not mentioned in the recited Act.

4. The gross and rateable value of any land used for a plantation or a wood, or for the growth of saleable underwood, shall be estimated as follows:—

(a.) If the land is used only for a plantation or a wood, the value shall be estimated as if the land instead of being a plantation or a wood were let and occupied in its natural and unimproved state:

(b.) If the land is used for the growth of saleable underwood, the value shall be estimated as if the land were let for that purpose:

(c.) If the land is used both for a plantation or a wood and for the growth of saleable underwood, the value shall be estimated either as if the land were used only for a plantation or a wood, or as if the land were used only for the growth of the saleable underwood growing thereon, as the assessment committee may determine.

5. Where the rateable value of any land used for a plantation or a wood, or both for a plantation or wood and for the growth of saleable underwood, is increased by reason of the same being estimated in accordance with this Act, the occupier of that land under any lease or agreement made before the commencement of this Act, may, during the continuance of the lease or agreement, deduct from his rent any poor or other local rate, or any portion thereof, which is paid by him in respect of such increase of rateable value, and every assessment committee, on the application of such occupier, shall

Rating.

293

Ch. 54.

certify in the valuation list or otherwise the fact and amount of such increase.

6. (1.) Where any right of fowling or of shooting or of Valuation and

taking or killing game or rabbits, or of fishing rating of rights

(herein-after referred to as a right of sporting) is of8bootlDg»&c *

severed from the occupation of the land and is not

let, and the owner of such right receives rent for the land, the said right shall not be separately valued

or rated, but the gross and rateable value of the land

shall be estimated as if the said right were not

severed; and in such case if the rateable value is

increased by reason of its being so estimated, but

not otherwise, the occupier of the land may (unless he has specifically contracted to pay such rate in

the event of an increase) deduct from his rent such

portion of any poor or other local rate, as is paid by

him in respect of such increase; and every assessment

committee, on the application of the occupier, shall

certify in the valuation list or otherwise the fact

and amount of such increase.

(2.) Where any right of sporting, when severed from the occupation of the land, is let, either the owner or the lessee thereof, according as the persons making the rate determine, may be rated as the occupier thereof.

(3.) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section the owner of any right of sporting, when severed from the occupation of the land, may be rated as the occupier thereof.

(4.) For the purposes of this section, the person who, if the right of sporting is not let, is entitled to exercise the right, or who, if the right is let, is entitled to receive the rent for the same, shall be deemed to be the owner of the right

7. Where a tin, lead, or copper mine is occupied under a Gross and rate-lease or leases granted without fine on a reservation wholly or able value of partly of dues or rent, the gross value of the mine shall be ^p^ines. taken to be the annual amount of the whole of the dues

payable in respect thereof during the year ending on the thirty-first day of December preceding the date at which the valuation list is made, in addition to the annual amount of any fixed rent reserved for the same which may not be paid or satisfied by such dues.

The rateable annual value of such mine shall be the same as the gross value thereof, except that where the person receiving the dues or rent is liable for repairs, insurance, or other expenses necessary to maintain the mine in a state to command the annual amount of dues or rent, the average annual cost of the repairs, insurance, and other expenses for which

294

Ca 54.

Rating.

37 & 38 Vict.

Deduction of rate by tenant of mine *

he is so liable shall be deducted from the gross value for the purpose of calculating the rateable value.

In the following cases, namely, —

1. Where any such mine is occupied under a lease

granted wholly or partly on a fine; and

2. Where any such mine is occupied and worked by the

owner; and

3. In the case of any other such mine which is not excepted from the provisions of this Act and to which the foregoing provisions of this section do not apply; the gross and rateable annual value of the mine shall be taken to be the annual amount of the dues or dues and rdnt at which the mine might be reasonably expected to let without fine on a lease of the ordinary duration, according to the usage of the country, if the tenant undertook to pay all tenants rates and taxes and tithe rentcharge, and also the repairs, insurance, and other expenses necessary to maintain the mine in a state to command such annual amount of dues or dues and rent.

The purser, secretary, and chief managing agent for the time being of any tin, lead, or copper mine, or any of them, may, if the overseers or other rating authority think fit, be rated as the occupier thereof.

In this section —

The term "mine/* when a mine is occupied under a lease, includes the underground workings, and the engines, machinery, workshops, tramways, and other plant, buildings (not being dwelling-houses), and works and surface of land occupied in connexion with and for the purposes of the mine, and situate within the boundaries of the land comprised in the lease or leases under which the dues or dues and rent are payable or reserved:

The term dues" means dues, royalty, or toll, either in money or partly in money and partly in kind; and the amount of dues which are reserved in kind means the value of such dues:

The term "lease" means lease or sett, or license to work, or agreement for a lease or sett, or license to work:

The term "fine" means fine, premium, or foregift, or other payment or consideration in the nature thereof

8. Where any poor or other local rate which at the commencement of this Act any lessee, licensee, or grantee of a mine is exempt from being rated to in respect of such mine, becomes payable by him in respect of such mine during the continuance of his lease, grant, or license, or before the arrival of the period at which the amount of the rent, royalty, or dues is liable to revision or re-adjustment, he may (unless he has specifically contracted to pay such rate in the event of the

1874.

Bating.

Ch. .54. '

295

abolition of the said exemption) deduct from any rent, royalty, or dues payable by him one half of any such rate paid by him:

Provided that he shall not deduct any sum exceeding what one half of the rate in the pound of such poor or other local rate would amount to if calculated upon the rent, royalty, or dues so payable by him.

9. Where any occupier, lessee, licensee, grantee, or other General pro-person is authorised by this Act to deduct any rate or sum io.n M *° de-in respect of a rate from any rent, royalty, or dues payable 0

by him, then —

(1.).Any payment so authorised to be deducted shall be a good discharge for such amount of rent, royalty, or dues as is equal to the amount of such payment, and shall be allowed accordingly.

(2.) Any payment so authorised to be deducted may be recovered as an ordinary debt from the person to whom the rent, royalty, or dues may be payable.

(3.) The person receiving the rent, royalty, or dues shall have the same right of appeal and objection with reference to the rate and to the valuation of the hereditament in respect of which the rate is payable as he would have if he were the occupier of such hereditament.

10. After the commencement of this Act, the hereditaments Liability of to which the Poor Rate Acts are extended by this Act, and f(^e^°as which are thus made rateable to the relief of the poor, shall well as poor be rateable to all local rates in like manner as if the Poor rates.

Kate Acts had always extended to such hereditaments.

1L This Act, for the purpose of enabling any hereditament Commence-to be included in or omitted from or valued for the purposes ment of Act# of a valuation list or a supplemental or provisional valuation list which will come into force after the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, shall come into operation on the passing thereof; but save as aforesaid, or as is otherwise expressly provided by this Act, shall come into operation on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and the expression "commencement of this Act " shall in this Act be construed accordingly.

12. The provisions of the Sanitary Acts, as defined by As to provi-

the Public Health Act, 1872, with respect to any special as *

assessment of wood lands for the purpose of any rate under defined by those Acts shall be deemed to extend to and include land used 35 & 36 Vict for a plantation or a wood, or for the growth of saleable c* 79' underwood, or for both such purposes, and made rateable by

this Act to the poor rate.

13. Nothing in this Act shall apply to a mine of which the Saving as to royalty or dues are for the time being wholly reserved in

kind, or to the owner or occupier thereof in idndL

Rating.

37 & 38 Vict.

Repeal of 14. So much of the Act of the forty-third year of the reign

43 Eliz. c. 2. of Queen Elizabeth, chapter two, intituled An Act for the underwtK>d. relief of the poor/1 as relates to the taxation of an occupier of

saleable underwoods is hereby repealed as from the date at. which the provisions of this Act with respect to the taxation of occupiers of land used for the growth of saleable underwood come into operation.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect anything duly

done or suffered before the said date, or any right acquired or liability accrued before the said date, or any legal proceeding or remedy in respect of any such right or liability, and every such legal proceeding or remedy may be carried oil and enforced in like manner as if this repeal had not been enacted.

Definitions of 15. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — termMsee The term "gross value " has the same meaning as gross

26° Vict. estimated rental in the Union Assessment Committee

c. 103.). Act, 1862:

The term "local rate v means any county rate/' borough rate, highway rate, and other local rate leviable upon property rateable to the relief of the poor:

The term "valuation list " means, as regards any parish or place for which there is .no valuation list, the poor rate:

The term "assessment committee " means, in relation to any parish or place where there is no assessment committee, the persons having power to make and assess the poor rate in such parish or place.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act for dissolving Magdalen Hall, in the University of Oxford, and for incorporating the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College; and for vesting in such College the lands and other property now held in trust for the benefit of Magdalen Hall.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS Hertford College in the University of Oxford was dissolved on the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five:

And whereas, in accordance with the provisions of an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty 56 G. 3. c. 95. King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorise such " person as His Majesty shall appoint to transfer a certain " sum in Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Annuities, now " standing in the name of the dissolved College of Hertford," in the University of Oxford, and also to receive dividends

1874.

Hertford College, Oxford.

Ch. 55.

297

" due upon such annuities" and of another Act passed in the same year, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant 56 G. 3. c. 136. " certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments escheated and " devolved to His Majesty by the dissolution of Hertford " College, in the University of Oxford, and the site of the " said College and buildings thereon, to the Chancellor,

" Masters, and Scholars of the said University, in trust for the Principal and other members of Magdalen Hall for the purpose of their removing to such site, and to enable the " said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the said University,

" and the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen " College to do all necessary acts for such removal/* the land constituting the site of the said Hertford College, together with all other the real and personal property of which the said Hertford College was seised and possessed at the time of its dissolution, was granted, conveyed, and transferred to the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, in trust for the Principal and other members of Magdalen Hall in the same University, their successors and assigns, for ever:

And whereas Magdalen Hall now consists of a Principal,

(namely, the Reverend Richard Michell, Doctor in Divinity,) ten Scholars, and certain Graduate and eighty-five Undergraduate Members, and is or claims to be equitably entitled (besides the land and property aforesaid) to other real and personal property of considerable value, now vested in trustees upon various trusts for the benefit of the said Principal and Scholars:

And whereas the Reverend Robert Gandell, M.A., of Mag-dalen Hall, Laudian Professor of Arabic in the University of Oxford, and the Reverend George Sturton Ward, M.A., of Magdalen Hall, have been appointed to, and have agreed to accept unendowed fellowships in the said College:

And whereas a sum of thirty thousand pounds has been transferred into and is now standing in the name of the present Chancellor of the University of Oxford, upon trust immediately after the passing of this Act to transfer the same into the name of the collegiate body to be hereby incorporated, for the endowment of Fellowships in the said body, and Francis Henry Jeune and Montague Johnstone Muir Mackenzie have been appointed the first holders of two of such Fellowships:

And whereas it will conduce to the advancement of public learning and the welfare of the members of Magdalen Hall that a collegiate body, ' to be known by the name of Hertford College, should be created and incorporated as a College of the University of Oxford, and that the property of Magdalen Hall should be transferred to and vested in such College, and that the provisions herein-after contained should be made for that purpose:

298

[Short title.]

Dissolution of Magdalen Hall and creation of Hertford College.

Transfer of property from trustees to Hertford College.

Ch. 55. Hertford College, Oxford. 37 & 38 Vict.

And whereas the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, in convocation assembled, at a convocation holden on the second day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, have given their assent to the dissolution of Magdalen Hall, and to the incorporation of Hertford College, and to the transferring and vesting in such College the lands and property now held in trust for Magdalen Hall: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Hertford College Act, 1874.

2. Magdalen Hall is hereby dissolved, and the said Reverend Richard Michell, D.D., the Reverend Robert Gandell, the Reverend George Sturton Ward, Francis Henry Jeune, and Montague Johnstone Muir Mackenzie, and the several persons who immediately before the passing of this Act were Scholars in Magdalen Hall (and all persons who shall hereafter be duly appointed to be Fellows and Scholars respectively of, or in the College hereby created, and their respective successors as Principal, Fellows, and Scholars respectively of or in the said College) are and shall be incorporated into one body corporate, collegiate, and politic, under the name of "The Principal," Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College, in the University " of Oxford," and as such shall have perpetual succession and a common seal, and by that name may sue and be sued, and may purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property, either absolutely or subject to any trusts, and shall for all purposes be a College of the University of Oxford, and shall possess, exercise, and enjoy all such rights and privileges as are possessed or enjoyed, or can be exercised by other Colleges in the University of Oxford: Provided nevertheless, that up to and until the year 1889 at any election of Proctors by the Halls in the said University, the members of Hertford College shall be entitled to vote as if they were members of a Hall in the said University.

3. All lands, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments, and all rentcharges, sums of money, stocks, funds, and other securities, together with all dividends due or accruing thereon, and all other property whatsoever, of or to which any person or persons or any corporation or corporations, whether sole or aggregate, was or were immediately before the passing of this Act seised or possessed, or otherwise entitled upon any trust for Magdalen Hall aforesaid, or for the Principal or any of the Scholars thereof as such, shall immediately upon the passing of this Act vest absolutely in the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College, in the University of Oxford,

Hertford College, Oxford.

Ch. 55.

299

and shall thenceforth be held, 'possessed, and enjoyed by them, their successors and assigns, for the same estates and under the same titles for and under which the same are now held, and upon the same trusts and for the same intents and purposes, and subject to the same rents, conditions, encumbrances (if any), powers, and provisoes upon, for, and subject to which the same would now be held if in the several instruments by virtue of which the same are now held respectively, the name of Hertford College had been inserted instead of that of Magdalen Hall, or the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars thereof, as the case may be, had been named instead of Magdalen Hall, or the Principal and Scholars thereof; and the Principal,

Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College shall be and are hereby authorised to give full and sufficient receipts for all moneys paid to them in respect of the future rents and profits of the said lands and every part thereof, and in respect of the said rentcharges and the dividends or annual proceeds of the said stocks, funds, and other securities; and such receipts shall be in all respects effectual and binding.

4. All persons who immediately before the passing of this Members of Act were members of Magdalen Hall, or held any office of Magdalen Hall honour or emolument therein, shall, immediately on the members of passing of this Act, become and be members of, or, as the case Hertford may require, holders of the like offices in Hertford College, College* and shall (subject to any alterations which may hereafter be

made by or according to the provisions of the statutes for the time being of the said College) be entitled to and have the like rights, privileges, honours, and emoluments respectively, and shall be subject to the like rules and regulations, and shall hold their respective offices in the said College upon the like terms as they would respectively have been subject to and would have held ^office in the said Hall if the same continued to exist unaffected by this Act.

5. Subject to any Act for the time being in force for the Power to make government of the said University or of the Colleges therein, statutes.

the Principal and Fellows for the time being of the said College may from time to time make, rescind, and vary such regulations, ordinances, and statutes for the government of the said College and the good discipline thereof, and the election of the Fellows and Scholars thereof as to them shall seem meet:

Provided that no such regulations, ordinances, or statutes shall alter the trusts, intents, purposes, conditions, powers, or provisions mentioned in the third section-of this Act, or shall have any effect until the same have been confirmed by the Chancellor of the said University as visitor of the College, and shall also have received the approbation of Her Majesty, to be signified by an Order in Council, and forthwith published in the London Gazette, and shall have been laid before Parliament.

CH. DOt

Preparation of statutes.

Power to accept endowments.

Saving rights of Chancellor of the University,

Saving rights of the University.

Hertford College, Oxford. 37 & 38 Vict.

6. Statutes for the purposes above mentioned made by the Principal and Fellows of the said College, shall, after they shall have been confirmed by the Chancellor as aforesaid, be submitted for the approval of Her Majesty in Council, and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to alter and amend the same; and in case statutes are not so made and submitted on or before the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to cause statutes to be prepared for the said purposes, and any such last-mentioned statutes shall be forthwith published in the London Gazette, *and at the same time laid before both Houses of Parliament if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, then within three weeks after the commencement of the next ensuing session of Parliament; and unless an address is within forty days presented by one or other of the said Houses, praying Her Majesty to withhold Her consent from such statutes, or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare Her approbation of the same, and such statutes shall thereupon have effect as if they had been statutes made by the said Principal and Fellows, and confirmed by the said Chancellor, and approved by Her Majesty in Council.

7. The said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars may from time to time accept, hold, and enjoy such gifts and endowments as may be made to them for the endowment, improvement, establishment, or maintenance of the Prinoipalship, Fellowships, Professorships, Tutorships, Lectureships, or Scholar-ships within the said College, or for any other lawful purpose, upon such terms and conditions as may, with the sanction of the Chancellor of the said University, be agreed on between them and the respective donors.

8. The Principal of Hertford College shall, when and as often as a vacancy shall occur, be appointed by the Chancellor for the time being of the University of Oxford, and the Chancellor for the time being of the said University shall continue to have and exercise with respect to Hertford College all such rights and privileges, both as visitor and otherwise, as he has hitherto had and exercised with respect to Magdalen Hall aforesaid.

9. Except as by this Act expressly provided, nothing in this Act contained shall take away, diminish, or impede the exercise of any privilege or right whatever of the said University, or of any of the magistrates, officers, ministers, or servants thereunto belonging and now existing, and the said University, their magistrates, officers, members, or servants, shall have and exercise all such and the same privileges and rights in and over the said Hertford College as they are entitled to exercise in or over other Colleges of the said University.

TJh. 55.

301

Hertford College, Oxford.

10. No action, suit, or other proceeding, whether at law or Actions and

in equity, commenced before the passing of this Act and then .other proceed* pending by or against the Principal, Scholars, or other mem-

bers of the said Hall, or any of them, shall abate, determine,

or be otherwise impeached or affected by the passing of this Act, but every such action, suit, or other proceeding may be continued by or against the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College as though they had been originally named therein; and any notice, fine, requisition, warrant, summons, pleading, writ, or other process, record, deed, contract, agreement, writing, or instrument made, issued, written, or commenced at the time of the passing of this Act shall be as valid and effectual for, against, and with relation to the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College as though the same Principal, Fellows, and Scholars had been named therein instead of the Principal, Scholars, or other members of Magdalen Hall.

11. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act everything General saving before the passing thereof done, suffered, or confirmed by or of rights *

on behalf of the Principal and other members of the said Hall, or any of them, shall be as valid as if this Act were not passed, and the passing of this Act shall not prejudice anything so done, suffered, or confirmed before the passing thereof, or any rights, liabilities, claims, or demands, present or future, which if this Act had not been passed would be incident to or consequent on anything so done, suffered, or confirmed.

12. All deeds, wills, instruments, purchases, sales, and Validity of contracts made before the passing of this Act in which the Principal and members of Magdalen Hall aforesaid, or any of preserved, them, are named shall be as effectual to all intents and purpose! in favour of or against and with respect to the Principal,

Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College as if they respectively had been named therein instead of the Principal and Scholars or other members, as the case may be, of Magdalen

Hall, and as if the words Hertford College had been inserted therein instead of Magdalen HalL

13. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Not to repeal repeal aDy of the provisions of the " University Tests Act,

Ch. 56. Consolidated Fwnd (Appropriation). 37 & 38 Vict.

Issue of 25, 497, 568/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[7th August 1874.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WTS, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, the sum of twenty-five million four hundred and ninety-seven thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum of twenty-five million four hundred and ninety-seven thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate to the sum of forty-six million nine hundred

1874.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Ch. 56. 303 *

and twenty thousand three hundred and sixty-five pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules "and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not pro- Treasury may,

services by this Act, and v be detrimental to the authorise ex

public service to postpone until provision can be made for it penditure un-by Parliament in the usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the said services shall forth- the aggregate with make application in writing to the Commissioners of grants for the Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have army services been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure respectively be upon votes within the same department, and in such applica- not exceeded* tion the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be .temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies' of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the Sanction for powers vested in them by the Act of the session held in the "?d "7

thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of the reign of Her present is72-73 un- or Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, have authorised expenditure provided for. not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, to be in part temporarily defrayed

vided for in the sums

naval and military

in certain cases of exigency,

Cc 2

304

Short title of Act,

Ch. 56. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 37 & 38 Vict.

out of the balances unexpended in respect of the sums appropriated to certain other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. Expenditure for certain navy services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed to the extent of one hundred and ninety-three thousand eight hundred and forty-six pounds two shillings and fivepence out of the unexpended balances of certain other votes for navy services: 2d. Expenditure for certain army services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed to the extent of one hundred and seventy-five thousand three hundred and five pounds and elevenpence, out of the unexpended balances of certain other votes for army services:

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Appropriation Act, 1874."

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

£ s. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - 46, 920, 365 14 6

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Part 1. Deficiencies, 1872-73 - £ *. d. 307, 770 14 6

2. Supplementary, 1873-74 - 1, 115, 027

1874-75, 3. Navy - 1, 422, 797 14 6 10, 329, 485

4. Army - - 14, 486, 300

5. Army Purchase Commission - £ 657, 800 -

6. Civil Services, Class I., 7. Ditto, Class II, , 8. Ditto, Class III., 9. Ditto, Class IV., 10. Ditto, Class V., 11. Ditto, Class VI., 12. Ditto, Class VII., 13. Sir Garnet Wolseley, K.C.B. -Total Civil Services, 14. Revenue departments, &c. 1, 533, 803 2, 159, 548 4, 655, 330 2, 591, 865 621, 763 528, 196 47, 567 25,000 1 1 1 1 RR O 00 3SJ

15. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School 139, 041 -

16. Ashantee Expedition - - 100,000 -

£ 46, 920, 365 14 6

Consolidated Fund (Appropri).Ch. 56.

305

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of th£ Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the rears ending* £ s. d. £ s. d. 31st March 1873 and 1874;

Under Act 37 Vict. cap. 1. 1, 422, 797 14 6

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1875; viz.

Under Act 37 Vict. cap. 2. - 7,000,000 -

Under Act 37 Vict. cap. 10. - 13,000,000 - -Under this Act - - 25, 497, 568 -

---- 45, 497, 568 -

Total . ^46, 920, 365 14 6

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Deficiencies.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1873; viz.: —

Civil Services:—

"Royal Palaces -

Royal Parks -

Class I. Surveys of United Kingdom

Rates on Government Property Public Buildings, Ireland Treasury - Board of Trade -

Civil Service Commission Exchequer and Audit Department «. IT -1 Patent Office -

Class 1. s Registrars of Friendly Societies Printing and Stationery Works and Public Buildings, Office of Lord Lieutenant's Household, Ireland Chief Secretary's Office, Ireland Metropolitan Police

County and Borough Police (Great Britain) Miscellaneous Legal Charges, England Courts of Law and Justice, Scotland Register House Departments, Edinburgh Prisons, Scotland -

Law Charges and Criminal Prosecutions, Ireland -

Common Law Courts, Ireland Registry of Judgments, Ireland ^Dublin Metropolitan Police -Class IV. — National Gallery, Ireland f Diplomatic Services -Class V. 4 Orange River Territory and St. Helena

I Slave Trade, Commissions for Suppression of r *, ao a vt / Superannuations and Retired Allowances \ Hospitals and Infirmaries, Ireland, -Class VII. — Abyssinia: Presents to Prince Kassai

Class III.

Cc 3

£ 8. d.

8, 337 5 2

303 2 8

4, 227 19 5

500 5 1

2, 435 16 -

33 2 2

875 2 5

1, 539 16 3

743 4 8

301 16 10

209 17 1

3, 583 - 2

1, 073 3 9

415 18 2

2, 209 5 11

582 5 3

77 13 5

- 16 -

1, 508 18 2

810 14 9

147 7 6

11, 912 12 7

627 17 5

54 14 7

1, 943 2 10

106 9 11

885 7 10

62 7 —

67 14 3

1, 954 17 5

- 17 7

1 3 7

47, 433 15 10

SCRBD, (A.)

SCHED. (B.) Part L

Deficiencies.

306

SCHED. (B.)

Past 1. Deficiencies.

Sched. (B.) Part 2.

Supplementary.

Ch. 56. Consolidated Fund (Approbation). 37 & 38 Vict.

Revenue Departments: —

£ s. d.

260, 336 18 8

£307J7ol, T-6

£ *. d.

Customs - 10, 383 11 6

Post Office - - 40, 527 9 10

Post Office Packet Service - 4, 469 19 8

Post Office Telegraph Service - 204, 955 1/ 8

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Supplementary.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

Navy, viz.: —

For certain expenses in connection with the expedition to Zanzibar for the purpose of better enforcing the prohibition of the Slave Trade

Ashantee Expedition:—

Towards defraying the expense of the expedition into Ashantee -

Class III.<

Civil Services:—

"Law Charges, England -

London Bankruptcy Court Police, counties and boroughs. Great Britain -Miscellaneous legal charges, England -Law charges and criminal prosecutions, Ireland -

Comity prisons and reformatories, Ireland -Class IV. Endowed Schools Commission -Class V ./Grants in aid of expenditure in \ certain colonies -

Class VI / Superannuation and retired allow-\ ances -

{Temporary Commissions -Mediterranean Extension Telegraph Company Repayments to civil contingencies

Revenue Departments.

Customs -

Post Office — Packet Service -

44, 150

1, 880

16, 500

709

22,000

3, 900

4, 038

4,000

12,000

4, 550

1, 812

15, 038

37, 600

41, 850

.£105,000

£800,000

130, 577

79, 450

£1, 115, 027

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Ch. 56.

SOT

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3. Sched. (b.)

Part 3.

NAVY. Navy.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 60,000 seamen and marines -

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines

3. For the expense of the Admiralty Office

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal

naval reserve, and seamen and marine pensioners reserve, and royal naval artillery volunteers

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of

the navy -

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad -

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and

abroad -

8. For the expense of the medical establishments at home

and abroad -

9. For the expense of the royal marine divisions -10. For naval stores for the building, repair, and outfitting

the fleet and coast guard -

10. For steam machinery, and for payments to be made for ships building by contract -

11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the

naval establishments -

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c.

13. For martial law and law charges

14. For the expense of various miscellaneous services

15. For half pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the

navy and royal marines -

{16. For military pensions and allowances -16. For civil pensions and allowances 17. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department

Sums not exceeding

2, 602, 757

1, 064, 264

178, 066

163, 311

111, 170

1, 235, 326

72, 885

63, 701

18, 720

1, 143, 159

802, 904

682, 061

70, 520

15, 605

113, 510

870, 166

657, 090

288, 670

175, 600

Total Navy Services

10, 329, 485

308

Ch. 56. Consolidated Fund (A37 & 38 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 4.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted. to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8. 9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20. 21. 22.

23.

24.

25.

For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India - For divine service -

For martial law -

For the medical establishments and services For militia pay and allowances - For the yeomanry cavalry - For the volunteer corps

For the army reserve force, including enrolled pensioners For the control establishment, wages, &c. - For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services For clothing establishments, services, and supplies For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and other stores, for land and sea service, including establishments of manufacturing departments For the superintending establishment of, and the expen diture for, works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad -

For military education - For miscellaneous services - For the administration of the army For rewards for distinguished services For the pay of general officers For the full pay of reduced and retired officers and half pay For widows pensions and compassionate allowances For pensions and allowances to wounded officers - For Chelsea and Kilm&inham hospitals, and the in-pen sioners thereof - For the out-pensioners of Chelsea hospital, &c.

For superannuation allowances For the non-effective services of the militia, yeomanry cavalry, and volunteer corps -

Total Army Services - - £

Sums not exceeding

4, 434, 500

48, 100

26, 300

243, 200

738, 500

78, 900

430, 800

121, 700

368.100 2, 960, 800

743.100

970,000

761, 300

135, 200

31, 400

205, 900

34,000

81, 600

521.100 146, 800

16, 300

36, 100

1, 158, 600

172.100

20, 900

14, 485, 300

Sched. (B.) Part 5.

Army Purchase Commission.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Army Purchase Commission.

For the establishment of, and expenditure to be incurred by, the Army Purchase Commissioners, and for the purchase of the remaining Commissions of gentlemen-at-arms - - £

657, 800

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Ch. 56.

309

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class L

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz .: —

Sched. (B.)

Past 6. Civil Services.

Class I.

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

3. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain; *for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses for the temporary accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon -

4. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public depart-

ments in Great Britain -

5. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament

6. For erecting offices in Downing Street for the Secretaries

of State for the Home and Colonial Departments, and Local Government Board -

7. For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court

houses or offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and the expense of maintaining courts so erected or improved

8. For works for the enlargement of the National Gallery

9. For the extension of the Industrial Museum, Edinburgh -

10. For erecting a new building on the site of the wings and

on a portion of the courtyard of Burlington House, for the occupation of various learned bodies -

11. For erecting and maintaining certain works and buildings

at the Post Office and Inland Revenue, and for certain other expenses in connection with those departments -

12. For maintenance and repair of British Museum buildings,

rent of premises, supply of furniture, and other charges attendant thereon -

13. For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and re-

pair of courts, supply of furniture, fuel, &c.rand other charges attendant thereon

14. For erecting and maintaining new buildings for the De-

partment of Science and Art -

15. For the survey of the United Kingdom, revision of the

survey of Ireland, maps for Landed Estates Court, Ireland, publication of maps, and for engraving the geological survey -

16. For constructing certain harbours, &c. under the Board of

Trade -

17. For expenses connected with the construction of Portland

Harbour -

18. For contribution towards the establishment and main-

tenance of a fire brigade in the metropolis

19. For contributions in aid of local assessments for the relief

of the poor and for other purposes in respect of certain descriptions of government property, and for salaries and expenses connected with the investigation of claims for rates on government property, or for contributions in lieu of rates - .

Sums not exceeding

34, 630

106, 266

150, 767

14, 458

28, 695

41, 730

14, 416

30.000 5,000

11, 134

151, 467

>545

84, 423

9, 706

132,000

22, 403

130

10.000

206, 061

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Civil Services Class I.

Sched. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Services. Class II.

No.

20. For the Wellington monument

21. For the erection of a Natural History Museum -

22. For new buildings, maintenance and repair of buildings,

and other expenses connected therewith, of the Metropolitan Police Courts -

23. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other

expenses for new courts of justice and offices -

24. For grant in aid of the expenses of Ramsgate Harbour

25. For the acquisition of lands for the new Palace at Westminster, and for the further embankment of the Thames

26. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public

buildings in the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland -

27. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses'abro&d -

28. For the British embassy houses, chapel, consular and

legation buildings in China, Japan, Constantinople, Therapia, Madrid, Paris, Tehran, Vienna, and Washington

Total Civil Services, Class I. £

Sums not exceeding

500

80,000

23, 443

78, 800

730

10,000

174, 760

20, 525

86, 214

1, 533, 803

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IL

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.:—

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of

Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of

Commons -

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury -

4. For Binaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's

Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies

7. For salaries'and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee

of Privy Council for Trade, and of the subordinate departments -

9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord

Privy Seal -

Sums not exceeding

i-

44, 484

49, 559

57, 058

85, 212

61, 713

32, 290

31, 276

109, 916

2, 722

No.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20. 21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.

Sums not exceeding

For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission fop England and Wales -Fop the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Copy-hold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission For the imprest expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts -

For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General of the Exchequer - For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board, and certain grants in aid of Local Expenditure For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England - For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including expenses of the coinage - For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office For charges connected with the Patent Law Amendment Act For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General in London and Dublin For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England -

For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners - For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England For stationery, printing, binding, and printed books for the several public departments in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and some dependencies, and for stationery, printing, binding, and paper, for the two Houses of Parliament, including the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office and Gazette Offices -

For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings - For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen's and Lora Treasurer's Remembrancer in the

19, 758

19, 708

18, 395

8, 650

39, 819

2, 398

535, 699

14, 935

57, 050

17, 238

22, 201

22, 327

22, 981

4, 726

43, 455

436, 380

24, 697

44, 159

24,000

Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers in Scotland, and other charges formerly paid from the hereditary revenue -

For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland -

For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor and for Public Health in Scotland - For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses - For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lora Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments -

6, 330

12, 475

5, 930

6, 605

18, 248

6, 941

25, 989

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Services. Class II.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services.

Class II.

36. For salaries and expenses connected with the boundary

survey, Ireland -

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland -

38. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board,

Ireland -

39. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office, and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Ireland -

40. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public Works in

Ireland -

41. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Re-

gistrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and emigration statistics and of taking the Census in Ireland -

42. For contribution in aid of the local cost of maintenance of

Pauper Lunatics, Ireland -

Sums not exceeding

' 450

2, 387

109, 297

5, 364

27, 417

23, 617

55, 692

Total Civil Services, Class II.

- £

2, 159, 548

SCHED. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class HI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers of the Crown, and the law charges, salaries, allowances, and incidental expenses, including prosecutions relating to coin, in the department of the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury -

2. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions,

&c. in England, including adjudications under the Criminal Justice and the Juvenile Offenders Acts, sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, and for compensation to clerks of the peace

3. For such salaries and expenses of the Court of Chancery

in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

4. For such salaries and expenses of the Superior Courts of

Common Law in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

5. For such salaries and expenses of the London Bankruptcy

Court as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund-

6. For salaries and expenses of the county courts

7. For salaries and expenses of the courts of Probate and

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England -

51, 823

185, 398

172, 445

71, 895

45, 117

430, 600

91, 332

313

Sums not exceeding

No. £

8. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty in England 12, 335

9. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry -10. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness ..... 5, 370

14, 398

11. For the salaries and expenses of the metropolitan police, including the salaries of the Commissioner, Assistant Commissioners, and Receiver, the mounted police, river police, police van service, the superannuations of the late horse and foot patrol, and the expenses of the Habitual Criminals Registry ..... 12. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland - 391, 427

532, 098

13. For the superintendence of convict establishments and for the maintenance of convicts in convict establishments in England and the Colonies - 463, 224

14. For maintenance of prisoners in county and borough prisons, and of criminal lunatics in private asylums in Great Britain 104, 420

15.' For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory and industrial, schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories ..... 230, 543

16. For maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, England ..... 31, 724

17. Far miscellaneous legal charges in England 18. For salaries and incidental expenses connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland ..... 18, 480

69, 920-

19. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland and other legal charges 60, 375

20. Fbr salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh - 21. For the joint departments of prisons and judicial statistics in Scotland, and for maintenance of prisoners in the prisons at Perth (including establishments for criminal lunatics), Ayr, and Paisley ..... 31, 254

24, 497

22. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland - - 78, 153

23. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Court of Chancery in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - - - 44, 497

24. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - 28, 588

25. For salaries and the incidental expenses of the Court of

Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland - 8, 240

26. For salaries and expenses of the Landed Estates Court in Ireland — ---- 12, 692

27. For salaries and expenses of the Court of Probate and of the District Registries in Ireland - - 11, 663

28. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland - - 2, 090

29. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in Ireland - - 16, 375

39. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland - . - 3, 143

SCHED. (B.) PART 8.

Civil Services* Class 111.

SCHED. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services, Class IIL

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Services. Class IV.

No.

Sums not exceeding

31. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police,

of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment, Dublin - *

32. For the constabulary force, Ireland ...

33. For the superintendence and inspection of Government

prisons, for the Office of Registrar of Habitual Criminals, and for the maintenance of convicts in Government prisons in Ireland

34. For maintenance of prisoners in county and borough

prisons, and the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland .....

35. For maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal

Lunatic Asylum, Ireland .....

36. For salaries and expenses of the Four Courts Marshal sea,

Dublin -

37. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses in Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class III, - £

135, 231

1, 062, 268

41, 350

89, 174

5, 371

2, 141

75, 679

4, 655, 330

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

No.

Sums not exceeding

1. For public education in England and Wales

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of

Science and Art, and of the establishments connected

1, 356, 852

therewith -

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount required for furniture, fittings, &c.

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, London

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the formation of

the National Portrait Gallery -

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned

societies in Great Britain and Ireland -

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Endowed Schools

Commission -

8a. For grant in aid of the Sub-Wealden Exploration -

9. For public education in Scotland -

10. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Education for

Scotland -

Ilk For grants to Scottish universities -

278, 1/0

106, 510

16, 741

1, 748

13, 300

9, 861

9, 197

1,000

213, 057

5, 845

18, 240

No.

Sums not exceeding

12. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees in Scotland, in discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Antiquarian Museum, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection, and for other

purposes .....

13. For public education under the Commissioners of National

Education in Ireland -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland (Endowed Schools)

15. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures - - »

16. In aid of the Royal Irish Academy -

17. For the Queen's University in Ireland

18. In aid of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

2, 100

546, 946

655

2, 380

2, 084

4, 003

4, 176

2, 591, 865

SCHEDULE (B.)_Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

No.

1. For the expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions

abroad -

2. For the consular establishments abroad, and for other expenses chargeable on the consular vote -

3. In aid of colonial local revenue and for the salaries and

allowances of governors, &c., and for other expenses in certain colonies -

4. For the charge of the Orange River Territory (Cape of

Good Hope) and the island of St. Helena

5. For expenses of the mixed commissions established under

the treaties with foreign powers for suppressing the traffic in slaves -

6. For tonnage bounties and bounties on slaves, and for expenses of the Liberated African department

7. For the Emigration Board, and for certain other expenses

connected with emigration from this country -

8. For expenses on account of the Treasury chest

Sums not exceeding

255, 792

245, 574

79, 769

3, 530

122

12, 830

5, 460

18, 686

Total Civil Services, Class V.

621, 763

SCHED. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services. Class IV.

SCHED. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class V.

Dd 2

316

SCHEP. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VI.

Sched. (B.)

Part 12. Civil Services, Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.) — PABTll.

CIVIL SERVICES — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons for-

merly employed in the public service -

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant ser-

vice, and to their widows and children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for compensation to the late officers of the trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund- i .....

3. For the relief of distressed British seamen abroad -

4. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries, Ireland -

5. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain -

6. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances

in Ireland -

Sams not exceeding

430, 957

38, 738

29,000

18, 760

5, 148

5, 593

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

528, 196

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions -

2. For expenses of an Expedition for the purpose of pursuing

a course of physical and biological investigations of the oceanic regions of the globe -

3. For certain miscellaneous expenses -

4. For extraordinary expenses connected with the marriage of

H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh ...

5. For grant to family of the late Dr. Livingstone, &c.

27, 602

3, 145

6, 533

5, 883

4, 404

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

47, 567

1874.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Ch. 56.

317

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

Sir Garnet J. Wolseley, K.C.B.

Grant to Sir Garnet J. Wolseley, K.C.B., G.C.M.G., as an acknowledgment of his eminent services in planning and conducting the expedition into Ashantee -

Sched. (B.) Part 13;

25,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &e. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1875; viz.:—

Sched. (B.) Part 14. Revenue Departments.

Sums not exceeding

: No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs Department

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue De-

partment -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the

expenses of Post Office savings banks, and of Government annuities and insurances, and of the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service (a) -

5. For the salaries and expenses ortHWto&t Office telegraph

Total Revenue Departments - - £

1, 013, 246

1, 681, 013

2, 953, 923

998, 662

976, 026

7, 622, 870

(a) No part of this sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any payment in respect of any period subsequent to the 20th day of June 1863 to Mr. Joseph George Churchward, or to any person claiming through or under him, by virtue of a certain contract, bearing date the 26th day of April 1859, made between the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the first part, and the said Joseph George Churchward of the second part, or in or towards the satisfaction of any claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that contract, so far as relates to any period subsequent to the 20th day of June 1863.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

Greenwich Hospital and School.

Sched. (B.) Part 15.

Advances during the year ending 31st March 1875 for defraying the expenses of Greenwich Hospital and School - - 139, 041

Dd 3

v-.

318

Ch. 56, 57. Consolidated Fund (Ap2Jropriation). 37 & 38 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 16.

No land or rent to be recovered but 'within 12 years after the right of action accrued *

Provision for case of future estates.

lime limited to six years when person entitled to the particular estate out of possession, &c.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

Ashantee Expedition.

Towards defraying the expenses, beyond the ordinary grants, of the expedition into Ashantee ---- 100,000

CHAPTER 57.

An Act for the further Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to limit the times within which actions or suits may be brought for the recovery of land or rent, and of charges thereon:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. After the commencement of this Act no person shall

make an entry or distress, or firing an action or suit, fo recover any land or rent, but "within twelve years next after thejBme at winch the righF to make such entry or distress, or to bring"such -action, or suit, sKall have first accrued to some person throtfflTwhom ha; or if such right shall not

have accrued to jmy persorTThrough whom he claimsTTBen within t welf§-years next "after the time at which the right to make sued entry or distress, or to bring su$l action or suit, shall Tiave first accrued to the person making or bringing the same. -

2. A right to make an entry or distress, or to bring an action or suit, to recover any land or rent, shall be deemed to have first accrued, in respect of an estate or interest in reversioiT or remainder, or other future estate or interest, at the time at which the same shall have become an estate or intei*est in possession, by the determination oT-any estate or estate^ in respect of which such land--shafl have been held, or the"profits thereof or such rent shaTUhave been/TO^Tved, notwithstanding the person claiming such land or Trent, or some persontnrough whom he claims, shall at any time previously to th£ creation of the estate or estates which shall have determined, have been in the possession or receipt of the profits of such land, or in receipt of such rent: But if the person last entitled to any particular estate on which any future estate or interest was expectant shall not have been in the possession or receipt of the profits of such land, or in receipt of such rent, at the time when his interest determined,

319

Real Property Limitation. Ch. 57.

no such entry or distress shall be made, and no such action or suit shall be brought, by any person becoming entitled in possession to a future estate-or interest, but within twelve years next after the time when the right to make an entry or distrSss, or to bring an action or suit, for the recovery of such land or rent, shall Have first accrued to the person whose interest shall have so determinedToF within six years next after the time wheir the^estate of the person becoming entitled in possession shall have become vested in possession, whichever of those two periods shall be the longer; and if the Tight of any such person to make such entry or distress, or to bring any such action or suit, shall have been barred under this Act, no person afterwards claiming to be entitled to the same la*iid or rent in respect of any subsequent estate or interest under any deed, will, or settlement, executed or taking effect after the time when a right to make an entry or distress, or to bring an action or suit, for the recovery of such land or rent, shall have first accrued to the owner of the particular estate whose interest shall have so determined as aforesaid, shall make any such entry or distress, or bring any such action or suit, to recover such land or rent.

3. If at the time at which the right of any person to make an entry or distress, or to bring an action or suit, to recover any land or rent, shall have first accrued as aforesaid, such person shall have been under any of the disabilities hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say,) infancy, coverture, idiotcy, lunacy, or unsoundness of mind, then such person, or the person claiming through him, may, notwithstanding the period of twelve years, or six years, (as the case may be,) hereinbefore limited shall have expired, make an entry or distress, or bring an action or suit, to recover such land or rent, at any time within six years next after the time at which the person to whom such right shall first have accrued shall have ceased to be under any such disability, or shall have died (whichever of those two events shall have^first happened).

4. The time within which any such entry may be made, or any such action or suit may be brought as aforesaid, shall not in any case after the commencement of this Act be extended or enlarged by reason of the absence beyond seas during all or any part of that time of the person having the right to make such entry, or to bring such action or suit, or of any person through whom he claims.

5. No entry, distress, action, or suit shall be made or brought by any person who at the time at which his right to make any entry or distress, or to bring an action or suit to 'recover any land or rent, shall have first accrued, shall be under any of the disabilities herein-before mentioned, or by any person claiming through him, but within thirty years

In cases of infancy, coverture, or lunacy at the time when the right of action accrues, then six years to be allowed from the termination of the disability or previous death.

No time to be allowed for absence beyond seas.

Thirty years utmost allowance for disabilities.

320

Ch. 57.

In case of possession under an assurance by a tenant in tail, which shall not bar the remainders, they shall be barred at the end of 12 years after that period, at which the assurance, if then executed, would have barred them.

Mortgagor to be barred at end of 12 years from the time when the mortgagee took possession or from the last written acknowledgment.

Beal Property Limitation-

37 & 38 Vict.

next after the time at which such right shall have first accrued, although the person under disability at such time may have remained under one or more of such disabilities during the whole of such thirty years, or although the term of six years from the time at which he shall have ceased to be under any such disability, or have died, shall not have expired.

6. When a tenant in tail of any land or rent shall have made an assurance thereof which shall not operate to bar the estate or estates to take effect after or in defeasance of las estate tail, and any person shall by virtue of such assurance at the time of the execution thereof, or at any time afterwards, be in possession or receipt of the profits of such land, or in the receipt of such rent, and the same person or any other person whosoever (other than some person entitled to such possession or receipt in respect of an estate which shall have taken effect after or in defeasance of the estate tail) shall continue or be in such possession or receipt for the period of twelve years next after the commencement of the time at which such assurance, if it had then been executed by such tenant in tail, or the person who would have been entitled to his estate tail if such assurance had not been executed, would, without the consent of any other person, have operated to bar such estate or estates as aforesaid, then, at the expiration of such period of twelve years, such assurance shall be and be deemed to have been effectual as against any person claiming any estate, interest, or right to take effect after or in defeasance of such estate tail.

7. When a mortgagee shall have obtained the possession or receipt of the profits of any land or the receipt of any rent comprised in his mortgage, the mortgagor, or any person claiming through him, shall not bring any action or suit to redeem the mortgage but within twelve years next after the time at which the mortgagee obtained such possession or receipt, unless in the meantime an acknowledgment in writing of the title of the mortgagor, or of his right to redemption, shall have been given to the mortgagor or some person claiming his estate, or to the agent of such mortgagor or person, signed by the mortgagee or the person claiming through him; and in such case no such action or suit shall be brought but within twelve years next after the time at which such acknowledgment, or the last of such acknowledgments, if more than one, was given; and when there shall be more than one mortgagor, or more than one person claiming through the mortgagor or mortgagors, such acknowledgment, if given to any of such mortgagors or persons, or his or their agent, shall be as effectual as if* the same had been given to all such mortgagors or persons; but where there shall be more than one mortgagee, or more than one person claiming the estate or interest of the mortgagee or mortgagees, such

1874.

Ch. 57.

321

Real Property Limitation.

acknowledgment, signed by one or more of such mortgagees or persons, shall be effectual only as against the party or parties signing as aforesaid, and the person or persons claiming any part of the mortgage money or land or rent by, from, or under him or them, and any person or persons entitled to any estate or estates, interest or interests, to take effect after or in defeasance of his or their estate or estates, interest or interests, and shall not operate to give to the mortgagor or mortgagors a right to redeem the mortgage as against the person or persons entitled to any other undivided or divided part of the money or land or rent; and where such of the mortgagees or persons aforesaid as shall have given such acknowledgment shall be entitled to a divided part of the land or rent comprised in the mortgage, or some estate or interest therein, and not to any ascertained part of the mortgage money, the mortgagor or mortgagors shall be entitled to redeem the same divided part of the land or rent on payment, with interest, of the part of the mortgage money which shall bear the same proportion to the whole of the mortgage money as the value of such divided part of the land or rent shall bear to the value of the whole of the land or rent comprised in the mortgage.

8. No action or suit or other proceeding shall be brought to recover any sum of money secured by any mortgage, judgment, or lien, or otherwise charged upon or payable out of any land or rent, at law or in equity, or any legacy, but within twelve years next after a present right to receive the same shall have accrued to some person capable of giving a discharge for or release of the same, unless in the meantime some part of the principal money, or some interest thereon, shall have been paid, or some acknowledgment of the right thereto shall have been given in writing signed by the person by whom the same shall be payable, or his agent, to the person entitled thereto, or his agent; and in such case no such action or suit or proceeding shall be brought but within twelve years after such payment or acknowledgment, or the last of such payments or acknowledgments, if more than one, was given.

Money charged upon land and legacies to be deemed satisfied at the end of 12 years if no interest paid nor acknowledgment given in writing in the meantime.

9. From and after the commencement of this Act all the Act to b.2 read provisions of the Act passed in the session of the third and witJl3&f4 T*4/ fourth years of the reign of His late Majesty King William certain°partslC the Fourth, chapter twenty-seven, except those contained in are repealed, the several sections thereof next herein-after mentioned, shall read^ remain in full force, and shall be construed together with

reference to this Act, and shall take effect as if the provisions herein- alteration by before contained were substituted in such Act for the provisions thl8 Act* contained in the sections thereof numbered two, five, sixteen, seventeen, twenty-three, twenty-eight, and forty respectively (which several sections, from and after the commencement of this Act, shall be repealed), and as if the term of six years

37 & 38 Vict.

7 W. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 28. to be read with this Act.

Time for recovering charges and arrears of interest not to he enlarged by-express trusts for raising same.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

19 & 20 Vict c. 69.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 67.

[Short title.]

Ch. 57, 58. Meal Property Limitation.

had been mentioned, instead of the term of ten years, in the section of the said Act numbered eighteen, and the period of twelve years had beeu mentioned in the said section eighteen instead of the period of twenty years; and the provisions of the Act passed in the session of the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and the first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-eight, shall remain in full force, and be construed together with this Act, as if the period of twelve years had been therein mentioned instead of the period of twenty years.

10. After the commencement of this Act no action, suit, or other proceeding shall be brought to recover any sum of money or legacy charged upon or payable out of any land or rent, at law or in equity, and secured by an express trust, or to recover any arrears of rent or of interest in respect of any sum of money or legacy so charged or payable and so secured, or any damages in respect of such arrears, except within the time within which the same would be recoverable if there were not any such trust.

11. This Act may be cited as the Real Property Limitation Act, 1874."

12. This Act shall commence and come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to make further provision respecting the contribution out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the expenses of the Police Porce in the Metropolitan Police District, and elsewhere in Great Britain.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of certain Acts annual sums, not exceeding the amount mentioned in those Acts, are contributed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the expenses of the police force in the metropolitan police district, and elsewhere in Great Britain, and it is expedient to make further provision respecting such contributions:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited as the Police (Expenses) Act, 1874.

Police Force Expenses.

Ch. 58, 59.

323

2. So much of any Act as limits the amount authorised to Repeal of be contributed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Trea- Amount of c< sury out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the tribution by* expenses of any police force in Great Britain to a particular Treasury to amount, or a particular proportion of any annual sum or Police force, charge specified in such Act, shall, during the continuance of

this Act, be repealed.

3. This Act shall continue in force until the first day of Duration of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five. Act-

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to facilitate the erection of Dwellings for Working Men on land belonging to Municipal Corporations.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the erection of dwelling-houses suitable for persons employed in manual labour, and to afford increased facilities for the acquisition of sites for such dwelling-houses:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Working Men's Dwellings Act, 1874.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

3. In this Act> — Interpretation " Corporation" means a municipal corporation for the time of terms-

being subject to the Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William the Fourth (chapter seventy-six) "to provide for the regulation " of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales "

(in this Act called the Municipal Corporations Act)* acting by the council of the borough:

"Working-men's dwellings" means buildings suitable for the habitation of persons employed in manual labour and their families, but so that the use of part of a building for purposes of retail trade or other purposes, approved by a corporation, shall not prevent the building from being deemed a dwelling:

"The Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or two of them.

4. Where a corporation determine that any land belong- Power to ing to them shall be converted into sites for working men's annex condi-

Working Men's Dwellings.

37 & 38 Vict.

tions as to building, &c.

As to cost*.

dwellings, and on a representation to the Treasury of the circumstances of the case, under section ninety-four of the Municipal Corporations Act, obtain the approval of the Treasury to the corporation making for that purpose grants or leases for terms of nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or any shorter term, of parts of that land, then the following provisions shall have effect and apply:

(1.) The corporation may make on the land any roads, drains, walls, fences, or other works requisite for converting the same into building land, at an expense not exceeding such sum as the Treasury approve:

(2.) The corporation may insert in any grant or lease of any part of the land (in this Act referred to as the site) provisions binding the grantee or lessee to build thereon as in the grant or lease prescribed, and to maintain and repair the building, and prohibiting the division of the site or building, and any addition to or alteration of the character of the building, without the consent of the corporation, and for the revesting of the site in the corporation, or their re-entry thereon, on breach of any provision in the grant or lease: %

(3.) Every provision as aforesaid shall be valid in law to all intents, and binding on the parties:

(4.) A grant or lease by the corporation of the site, and any subsequent conveyance or assignment thereof, in the respective form set forth in the schedule to this Act, or to the like effect, with such variations and additions as circumstances require, shall be good and effectual in law to all intents; and terms used in those forms shall have the same meaning as in this Act

5. All costs and expenses incurred or authorised by a corporation in carrying into execution or otherwise in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid out of the borough fund and borough rate, or by money borrowed by the corporation under the Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act 1860.

SCHEDULE.

A.

Form of Grant by Corporation.

The Working Men's Dwellings Act, 1874.

Borough of Grant No.

The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of

by virtue and in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, and in consideration of paid to them by A.B.

1874.

Working Men's Dwellings.

Ch. 59.

325

of hereby grant to the said A.B. (herein referred

to as the grantee), and his heirs, the site following (that is to say) [insert description] with the appurtenances, subject to the following conditions (that is to say):

1. The grantee shall build on the site one working-man's or working-men's dwelling (and no more) according to the plan and specification deposited in the office of the town clerk, numbered, and under the superintendence and to the satisfaction of the corporation.

2. The grantee, his heirs and assigns, shall always maintain and repair the building, and shall not sell or alienate the site or building in divisions or separate parts, and, in case of the taking down or destruction of the building, shall not rebuild it except in manner approved by the corporation.

3. The grantee, his heirs or assigns, shall not add to or alter the character of the building without the consent of the corporation.

4. If at any time the grantee, his heirs or assigns, fail to fully observe and perform any stipulation of this grant, the corporation may, if they think fit, declare that the site is re-vested in the corporation; and thereupon the same, with the dwelling and other buildings thereon, shall become and be vested in the corporation, as if this grant had not been made.

In witness whereof, &c. this day of 187.

(Corporate Seal.)

B.

Form of Transfer of Grant.

The Working Men's Dwellings Act, 1874.

Borough of . Transfer No.

(Grant No.

A.B. of, by virtue and in pursuance of the

above-mentioned Act, and in consideration of paid to him by C.D., of, hereby grants and trans-

fers to the said C.D. and his heirs the site comprised in the within-written* grant [or the grant No. under the said Act, dated case of

the day of 187 f] with the appurtenances trailsferby

and with the dwelling and other buildings thereon, subject to the orsement.J conditions on which that site is held immediately before the execution

of this transfer., , Separate deed.]

In witness whereof, &c. this day of

18

A.B. (l.s.)

C.

Form of Lease by Corporation.

The Working Men's Dwellings Act, 1874.

Borough of . Lease No.

The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of

by virtue and in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, and in consideration of the sum of paid to them by

326

Ch. 59.

Working Men!8 Dwellings. 37 & 38 Vict.

AJB. of and of the rent and stipulations in this lease

reserved and contained, and to be by him, his executors, administrators, or assigns, paid and performed, hereby lease to the said AJB. (herein referred to as the lessee), his executors and administrators, the site following (that is to say) [insert description] with the appurtenances, for the term of [nine hundred and ninety-nine] years from the day of, at the yearly rent

(clear of all deductions) of, payable by two equal half-

yearly payments on the day of and the

day of in every year, the first thereof to be made on the day of, and the last thereof to be made

in advance on the day of next before the end

of the term, and so that on the term being determined by re-entry a proportionate part of the rent for the fraction of the current half year up to re-entry be repayable.

And the lessee hereby covenants with the corporation that he, his executors, administrators, or assigns, will during the term pay the rent on the days and in manner aforesaid, and will pay all taxes, rates, and outgoings for the time being payable by the tenant in respect of the premises.

And this lease is made subject to the following conditions (that is to say):

1. The lessee shall build on the site one working-man's or workingmen's dwelling (and no more) according to the plan and specification deposited in the office of the town clerk, and numbered, under the superintendence and to the satisfaction of the corporation.

2. The lessee, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall always during the term maintain and repair the building, and shall not sell or alienate the site or building in divisions or separate parts, and in case of the taking down or destruction of the building, shall not rebuild it except in manner approved by the corporation.

3. The lessee, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall not add to or alter the character of the building without the consent in writing of the corporation.

4. If at any time the lessee, his executors, administrators, or

assigns, fail to duly pay the rent hereby reserved, or to fully observe and perform any stipulation herein contained, the corporation may, if they think fit, re-enter on any part of the site in the name of the whole, and thereupon the term of years shall absolutely

cease.

In witness whereof, &c. this 187 .

day of

(Corporate Seal.)

AJB. (l.s.)

D.

Form of Assignment of Lease.

The Working Men's Dwellings Act, 1874.

Borough of Transfer No.

(Lease No.

A.B. of (herein referred to as the assignor) by virtue and in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, and in consideration of paid to him by C.D. of, hereby

1874. Working Men's Dwellings. Ch. 59, 60.

assigns to the said C.D. (herein referred to as the assignee), his executors and administrators, the site comprised in the within-written lease* [or the lease No. under the said Act, dated

the day of 187 f], with the appur-

tenances, and with the dwelling and other buildings thereon, for the residue of the term of years, at the rent and subject to

the stipulations and conditions at and subject to which that site is held immediately before the execution of this assignment.

And the assignee for himself his executors and administrators, covenants with the assignor, his executors and administrators, that the assignee, his executors or administrators, will pay the yearly rent and observe and perform the stipulations and conditions aforesaid, and will at all times keep the assignor, his executors and administrators, indemnified in respect thereof.

In witness whereof, &c. this day of

187

A.B. (l.s.)

C.D. (l.s.)

CHAPTER 60.

An Aci> to amend and enlarge the powers of the Acts relating to the Navigation of the Biver Shannon; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the session of Parliament held in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-seven, intituled An Act for the improvement of the navigation of the " River Shannon," (in this Act called the Act of 1835,) and by that Act Commissioners were appointed to carry the same into effect:

And whereas a further Act was passed in the session of Parliament held in the second and third years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-one, intituled An Act for the improvement of the navigation of the River Shannon," (in this Act called the Act of 1839,) whereby certain works were authorised to be constructed, subject to such alterations, additions, or reductions as might from time to time be found necessary:

And whereas by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter 86, intituled An Act to extend and consolidate the powers hitherto exercised by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to appoint additional " commissioners," (in this Act called the Act of 1846,) it is amongst other things enacted, that from and after the thirtieth September one thousand eight hundred and forty-six, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the

527

* [In case of assignment by indorsement.]

f [/» case of assignment by separate deed.]

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 67.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 61.

9 & 10 Vict.

C. 86.

Ch. 60.

Shannon Navigation.

37 & 38 Vict.

[Short title.]

Definition of terms.

Commissioners of Public Works to be Commissioners for this Act.

Limits of works.

time being should be the commissioners for the execution of the Acts of 1835 and 183 9; and all the powers, authorities, and privileges, rights, titles, and interests, then or theretofore vested in the commissioners for the execution of the Acts of 1835 and 1839 should vest in and devolve upon, and should be respectively used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the time being, who should, for the purposes of the said Acts, be and be deemed to be in the place and stead of the persons theretofore being commissioners for the execution of the said Acts:

And whereas the works by the aforesaid Acts authorised have been gen erally carried into effect, but large tracts of land bordering on the said river still remain subject to injurious flooding, and it would be of great public and local .advantage if further works were executed by which the said lands would be relieved, facilities afforded for the relief of other lands now subject to be injuriously flooded on tributaries of the said river, and the navigation at the same time improved:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same:

1. This Act may for all purposes be cited as " The Shannon Act, 1874, and the Shannon Acts of 1835, 1839, and 1846 may respectively be cited separately as the Shannon Act of 1835, 1839, and 1846, and all the Acts mentioned in this section may be cited under the short title of the Shannon Acts, 1835 to 1874.

2. The words " the Treasury" when used in this Act shall mean the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any two or more of them.

The words " the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the time being.

The word " lands " shall have the meaning assigned to that word in section one hundred and fifty-nine of the five and six Victoria, chapter eighty-nine.

The word " person " in this Act shall comprehend all corporations sole or aggregate, or any number of persons united in partnership.

3. The Commissioners shall carry into effect the objects and powers of this Act, having due regard in the execution of the works by this Act authorised to the prevention of injury to the lands situate on or near the Shannon below Worlds End.

4. The works to be executed under the provisions of this Act shall be confined to the lower division of the said river Shannon between Athlone and Worlds End, and also in connexion therewith works at Athlone for the regulation of the water of Lough Ree.

1874.

Ch. 60.

329

Shannon Navigation.

5. For the purposes of the works by this Act authorised the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time direct to be issued, on the certificate of the Commissioners, out of the funds accruing under the provisions of the Acts twenty-four and twenty-five Victoria, chapter eighty-five, and twenty-nine and thirty Victoria, chapter seventy-three, and placed to the credit of the Commissioners from time to time with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, such sum to be a charge on the lands to be relieved from inundation or otherwise improved, to be secured and made repayable as herein-after provided, and the remainder of the cost of the said works shall be defrayed by moneys to be provided from time to time by Parliament; provided always, that the entire cost of the said authorised works shall not exceed the sum of three hundred thousand pounds; and provided also, that half the amojint of the moneys from time to time advanced in manner aforesaid shall be a charge on the said lands so to be improved as aforesaid.

6. Previously to undertaking any works under this Act the Commissioners shall from time to time submit for approval of the Treasury plans, specifications, and estimates of the works proposed to be executed under this Act; and so soon as conveniently may be after such plans, specifications, and estimates have been so approved, the Commissioners shall cause to be deposited at the Shannon Navigation Office, Athlone, or elsewhere, as they may consider convenient, a survey and valuation of the lands contemplated to be relieved from inundation and improved under this Act, describing in general terms and by reference to maps or schedules, or otherwise as the Commissioners may think fit and proper, the lands contemplated to be relieved from inundation and improved under this Act, and specifying the proprietors of such lands respectively, and the respective amounts to be charged on the lands respectively of each proprietor under this Act.

The plans and specifications required by this section are herein-after included under the term "plans," and the survey and valuation, including the specification of the amounts to be charged upon the lands, are herein-after included in the term valuation."

7. The Commissioners shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, cause the valuation to be printed, and a copy to be deposited in their office, and another copy thereof to be deposited with the clerk of every union wherein the lands to be charged, or any part thereof, are situate, and such clerk of the union is hereby authorised and required to receive the same, and all persons shall have liberty to inspect the same on payment of sixpence; and when such copy has been so deposited the Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to be

by

Funds pro. Tided.

Plans of proposed works to be submitted to Treasury, and valuation to be made of lands to be charged.

Valuation to be deposited for public inspection.

Ch. 60.

Shannon Navigation.

37 & 38 Vict.

Commissioners to attend and hear objections.

Commissioners to give notice.

Works not to be commenced until assent of proprietors had.

Incorporation of certain sections of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 89. (Irish Drainage Act), as to proprietors.

Power to proceed with the works.

inserted in some one or more newspapers circulating in the district in the vicinity whereof the lands are situate; and the Commissioners shall by the same or a separate notice require all persons who may desire to object to the said valuation in respect of the description of the lands charged or of the sums charged thereon to lodge such objections at such place and before such time as is specified in such notice; and the Commissioners shall also in the said notice state that they will proceed to hear any such objection which may be made, and finally settle the valuation at such time and place as may be specified in such notice.

8. The Commissioners, or one of them, shall attend at the appointed time and place, and examine into the matter of any such objection, and hear all such proper evidence as may be offered to them or him in respect thereof, and make such alterations (if any) in such valuation as they or he think fit, and may adjourn such attendance from time to time and to such place as they shall think fit, and shall settle and sign such valuation.

9. The Commissioners, when they have settled such valuation, shall cause notice of such settlement to be given in the " Dublin Gazette," and in some one or more newspapers circulating in the counties of Westmeath, Roscommon, Kings County, County Tipperary, Galway, Clare, Limerick, and Longford, and by such notice the proprietors of the lands contemplated to be relieved from inundation and improved under this Act shall be .called upon to transmit to the Commissioners in Dublin, in such form and subject to such regulations as the Commissioners may direct, their assent or dissent to the execution of the works under this Act.

10. No works shall be commenced under this Act unless the reputed proprietors of two thirds or more in value of the land proposed to be improved assent to the execution of the works by this Act authorised and signify such assent in writing under their hands respectively to the Commissioners within six months from the date of the publication of such notice as aforesaid by the Commissioners in the "Dublin Gazetteand the Commissioners shall, immediately upon the passing of this Act, take such steps as may seem to them desirable for obtaining such assent.

1L The twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth sections of the Act fifth and sixth Victoria, chapter eighty-nine, are incorporated in this Act, and the definition of proprietor contained in section one hundred and fifty-nine of that Act shall apply to this Act.

12. On receiving such assents as herein-before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to proceed with

1874.

Ch. 60.

331

Shannon Navigation.

the works so approved by the Treasury, subject to such alterations or reduction therein as may from time to time be made therein, pursuant to the provisions in this Act contained.

13. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from time to To provide for time to make such alterations, additions, or reductions in or alteratl0ns* to the works sanctioned under this Act as may from time to

time be approved by the Treasury.

14. Subject to the provisions of this Act, sections from Incorporation eighteen to thirty-one, both inclusive, of the Act of the twenty-

sixth and twenty-seventh Victoria, chapter eighty-eight, under 2 6^2 7 Vict/ the head " General Powers of Drainage Boards," shall be c. ss. incorporated with this Act, and all such powers shall and may be exercised by the Commissioners in carrying out the provisions of this Act; and such last-mentioned sections shall be read as if the word " Commissioners " had been inserted throughout such sections instead of the words " Drainage Board ": Provided nevertheless, that the arbitrator to be appointed under the said Act shall be appointed by the Treasury.

15. As soon as conveniently may be after the works by On completion this Act authorised have been completed, the Commissioners

shall prepare a draft award, in which they shall set forth prepare draft the several parcels or portions of land drained and improved, award, as referred to and specified in the survey and valuation hereinbefore mentioned, the respective areas of each of the said parcels, and the original and increased values thereof; and such award shall also specify the due proportion half-yearly chargeable in respect of each such parcel of land, of the amount by this Act directed to be charged upon the lands for the drainage and improvement thereof by the works by this Act authorised and provided, and shall also specify the lands of the same denomination, and belonging to same proprietors, or settled to like uses, to be also held chargeable with the amount in each case repayable as herein-after provided, and shall also set forth such other matters and things as to the Commissioners shall seem fit and proper.

16. When such draft award as aforesaid shall have been A draft of the prepared, the Commissioners shall cause a copy thereof to be printed^nd deposited with the clerk of each of the several unions wherein published, and the lands drained and improved, or any part thereof, may be a copy deposit uated; and such clerks of unions are hereby authorised and clerk of the 6 required to receive the same; and the Commissioners shall union, cause notice of such lodgment to be inserted in one or more Notice thereof of the newspapers usually circulated in the counties or dis- VualplacVs tricts in which such several unions are situated once in each and inserted in week for three successive weeks; and the Commissioners shall newspapers, also in such notice require all persons being proprietors of requmng per"

332

sons objecting thereto to send in their objections.

Commissioners or one of them to examine into objections.

Award to be enrolled.

Lands to become chargeable with rent-charge.

Priority of rentcharge.

Ch. CO. Shannon Navigation. 37 & 38 Vict.

lands charged as being improved who may desire to object to such award to lodge their objections at such time and place as shall be therein specified, and they shall also in the said notice state that they will proceed to hear and inquire into any objections which may be lodged at such time and place, or times and places, as shall in such notice be Darned.

17. The Commissioners, or one of them, shall attend at such time and place, or times and places, so appointed, and shall examine into the matter of any objections to the award which shall have been lodged, and shall hear all proper evidence relative thereto, and may adjourn such attendance from time to time, and shall make such alteration as maj^ to them seem proper, and finally settle said award: Provided always, that the whole amount by this Act directed to be charged on the lands which the works authorised are designed to relieve from injurious inundations shall, notwithstanding any alteration which on the hearing of any such objections it may be deemed proper to make, be so charged.

18. Such award when finally settled by the Commissioners, with proper schedules, map, or plan describing the lands therein to which such award shall relate, shall be enrolled in the Rolls Office of Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and such award, when so finally settled and enrolled, shall be binding and conclusive on all parties; and a copy thereof, certified by the proper officer of Her Majesty's Rolls Office, shall be conclusive evidence that all the requisitions of this Act in relation thereto were complied with.

19. The several lands mentioned in the said award shall from the date thereof become charged with the payment to Her Majesty of an annual rentcharge of five pounds for every one hundred pounds charged on the said lands respectively, and so in proportion for every lesser amount, to be payable for the term of thirty-five years; such rentcharge to be paid by equal half-yearly payments on the fifth day of April and tenth day of October in every year, the first of such payments to be made on the first of such days which shall happen after the date of said award: Provided always, that where the gross sum chargeable by the said award upon any particular parcel or denomination of land shall not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners by the said award to fix and determine the instalments by which such sum, together with interest at the rate of four pounds per cent, per annum from the date of said award, shell be repaid; and such instalments shall be chargeable and recoverable in like manner as the rentcharge aforesaid.

20. Every such rentcharge or instalment shall take priority of all charges and incumbrances whatsoever and whensoever made, and of all rent payable out of the said lands, save and

1874.

Shannon Navigation.

Ch. 60.

333

except quitrents and rentcharges in lieu of tithes, and also save all charges prior in date (if any) created under the authority or provisions of any Act of Parliament heretofore passed; and section one of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Victoria, chapter twenty-six, intituled An Act to secure the repayment tfC of public moneys advanced for the drainage and improvement " of lands and other like objects in Ireland/' shall extend to and include charges created under the provisions of this Act.

21. The rentcharge aforesaid, charged by virtue of this Act Rentcharge upon any lands improved under this Act, shall be held to be of\he chargeable upon such other lands being part of the same 8ame pro-denomination or townland, and belonging to the same proprietors. prietor, or settled to the like uses as may, by the award of the Commissioners, be made chargeable therewith, subject as to such last-mentioned lands to the full amount of all incumbrances affecting the same at the date of such award.

22. Any rentcharge payable under this Act shall be paid Rentcharge to the Commissioners, or to such persons and in such manner the^mmi^ as the Treasury may from time to time appoint, and the receipt sioners. of the Commissioners or their accountant, or any other persons to whom any rentcharge directed to be paid, shall be a sufficient discharge for the same.

23. The thirty-ninth, fortieth, forty-second, forty-third, Incorporation forty-fifth, forty-sixth, forty-ninth, fiftieth, fifty-first, fifty- °.f cert?l q y-c- second, fifty-third, fifty-sixth, and fifty-seventh sections of c°32° 1C the Act tenth Victoria, chapter thirty-two, being an Act to For recovery facilitate the improvement of landed property in Ireland, and of rentcharge. section one of the Act twelve and thirteen Victoria, chapter ^ndas toa in fifty-nine, and the second section of the Act thirty-five and foMandlPoMs!g thirty-six Victoria, chapter thirty-one, shall be deemed to be proprietors incorporated in this Act, save that every act in any of said charging insections directed to be done by or to the Paymaster of Civil creased rent* Service shall be done by or to the Commissioners, and shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes as any such act would have been if done by or to the Paymaster under the provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

24. The Act of 1839 shall, except where its provisions are Incorporation

inconsistent with or repugnant to the provisions of this Act, pro-

be incorporated therewith as one Act, and all the powers, 2 & 3 Vict. authorities, and privileges of the Commissioners mentioned in c. 61.

that Act as to the execution of works, the care, conservancy, and maintenance of the River Shannon, and of the works connected therewith, imposing, demanding, receiving, and enforcing payment of tolls, making byelaws, or otherwise howsoever, shall vest in the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act.

Ch. 61. Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Coi'ps. 37 & 38 Vict.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act for granting Compensation to Officers of the Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant compensation, in manner herein-after mentioned, to officers of the Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps Act, 1874.v

Compensation 2. Subject as herein-after mentioned, the Army Purchase the0R<T'ai (Lte Commissioners acting under the Regulation of the Forces Act* Indian) Ord- 1871, in this Act referred to as the Commissioners, shall have nance Corps, power to consider the claims on retirement of any officers, who on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, were serving in any one of the corps-following; that is to say,

The Royal (late Bengal) Artillery,

The Royal (late Bengal) Engineers,

The Royal (late Madras) Artillery,

The Royal (late Madras) Engineers,

The Royal (late Bombay) Artillery, or The Royal (late Bombay) Engineers; and to grant to any of the said officers who have retired since the said first day of November, or who may hereafter be permitted to retire, a compensation equal to the sums they would have received according to the custom, if any, of their corps, as or in the nature of a bonus for such retirement had they retired from their regiment on the said day, after deducting such sums (if any) as they may have received from the Indian revenues in respect or on account of such bonus.

Condition precedent to payment of compensation.

3. Compensation shall not be granted in pursuance of this Act to any officer of any of the said corps until arrangements have been made to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, and in such manner as they may direct, for payment or securing payment into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the use of the public, by or on account of the corps to which such officer belongs, of any available sums, securities, or obligations constituting or standing to the account of any sinking fund or other fund, by whatever name known, formed after the amalgamation of the Indian with the British army, for the purpose of securing to every existing officer of such corps a bonus on retirement.

L.

1874. Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps. Ch. 61. 335

Any trustees or other persons having in their possession or under their control any such sinking or other fund as is in this section mentioned, or any sums, securities, or obligations constituting the same, are hereby empowered (but are not required unless they think it expedient so to do) to pay the same into the Exchequer for the use of the public; and they shall not be restrained from so doing by any court of law or equity whatsoever.

4. Any such trustees or other persons as aforesaid, before Adjustment of paying into the Exchequer such fund as aforesaid belonging to accounts* any corps, may, with the assent of the Commissioners, repay to officers in such corps any sums paid by them to retiring - officers for the purpose of making good to such last-mentioned officers any deficiencies in the customary amounts receivable by them in respect of bonus on retirement; and the Commissioners, in estimating the amount of compensation payable to any officer of any corps under this Act may take into account, as against such officer, the amount of any bonus which such officer may have failed to pay to any retiring officer of his corps in respect of the customary amount receivable by such last-mentioned officer in respect of bonus on retirement.

5. The Commissioners shall grant a certificate to any Certificate of trustees or other persons dealing in manner authorised by Commissioners this Act with any fund belonging to any of the said corps, trustees md and such certificate shall indemnify any person dealing with others, such fund against all actions and legal proceedings whatsoever which might have been brought against him in respect of such dealings and against all claims whatsoever of persons interested in the fund so dealt with; and such fund shall be discharged from all claims of the persons so interested therein.

6. All powers vested in the Commissioners by the said Powers of Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871, for or in relation to their proceedings under that Act, shall apply to their pro- purposes of ceedings under this Act, and may be exercised by them for this Act. ascertaining any matter or fact, or doing any Act required to be ascertained or done by them for the purposes of this Act, in the same manner in all respects as if their proceedings under this Act were proceedings under the said Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871.

7. All expenses incurred by the Commissioners in carrying Provision for

into effect this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided exl*nses of it, J y r compensating

by Parliament. officers.

TP1

336 Ch. 62, 63. Infants Contracts. 37 & 38 Vict.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Contracts of Infants.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law as to the contracts of infants, and as to the ratification made by persons of full age of contracts made by them during infancy, and as to necessaries:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Contracts by 1. All contracts, whether by specialty or by simple contract,

infants, except henceforth entered into by infants for the repayment of money for necessaries, ., , / j vj-i vj

to be void. font or to be lent, or for goods supplied or to be supplied

(other than contracts for necessaries), and all accounts stated

with infants, shall be absolutely void: Provided always, that

this enactment shall not invalidate any contract into which an

infant may, by any existing or future statute, or by the rules

of common law or equity, enter, except such as now by law

are voidable.

No action to 2. No action shall be brought whereby to charge any person ratifi^umof upon promise made after full age to pay any debt con-infant's contracted during infancy, or upon any ratification made after tract. full age of any promise or contract made during infancy,

whether there shall or shall not be any new consideration for such promise or ratification after full age.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as The Infants Relief Act, 1874.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to facilitate the re-arrangement of the Boundaries of Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament holden in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-seven, it was enacted that the limits of archdeaconries and rural deaneries might, by the authority thereby provided, be newly arranged, so that every parish and extra-parochial place be within a rural deanery, and every deanery within an archdeaconry, and that no archdeaconry extend beyond the limits of one diocese:

And whereas by an Act passed in the session of Parliament holden in the third and fourth years of Her present Majesty,

337

1874. Boundai'ies of Archdeaconries & Rural Deaneries. Ch. 63.

chapter one hundred and thirteen, section thirty-two, it was enacted that any archdeaconry or rural deanery might, by the authority thereby provided, be divided into two or more portions, and each of such portions might be constituted a separate archdeaconry or rural deanery, as the case might be:

And whereas it is expedient to explain the said power of newly arranging the limits of archdeaconries and rural deaneries:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The provisions contained in the first section of the Act of Extension of the sixth and seventh years of His late Majesty King William P°"ers.of rc-the Fourth, chapter seventy-seven, and in the thirty-second deawmries^&c* section of the Act of the third and fourth years of Her under present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirteen, shall be*77^*1, 4, construed and extended so as to authorise and always to have 3* & i vict# authorised the Ecclesiastical Commissioners by any scheme or c. 113. schemes made and approved in manner provided by any Act

for the time being in force relating to such schemes, to do, from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient, all or any of the following things in any diocese; that is to say,

(1.) To alter the area or areas of any archdeaconry or archdeaconries for the time being, or of any rural deanery or rural deaneries for the time being; and

(2.) To diminish the number of archdeaconries and of rural deaneries for the time being; and

(3.) To constitute any new area or new areas a rural deanery or rural deaneries; and

(4.) To alter the name or names of any archdeaconry or archdeaconries, or of any rural deanery or rural deaneries, for the time being; and to give a name or naipes to any newly constituted archdeaconry or archdeaconries, or any newly constituted rural deanery or rural deaneries.

Provided,

(a.) That in the case of any such scheme as aforesaid made since the date of the passing of the last-mentioned Act, the consent of the bishop of the diocese affected by such scheme must have been given under his hand and seal; and

(6.) That in the case of any such scheme, every parish must in its entirety be within a rural deanery, and every rural deanery must in its entirety be within an archdeaconry, and an archdeaconry must not extend beyond the limits of one diocese.

2. As soon as may be after the passing of this Act, a sche- Schedule of dule under the hand and seal of the bishop shall be deposited rural dcaneries

338

to be deposited in diocesan registry.

Sect. 4. of 16 & 17 Vict. c*. 20. repealed.

Parties and their husbands and wives to be witnesses in proceedings on account of adultery.

Law as to proof of promise of marriage in declarator of marriage founded thereon, cum copula subse-< monte, not to be altered.

Short-hand writers may be employed to record evidence in sheriff courts.

Cel 63, 64. Boti^idaries of Archdeaconries, <kc. 37 & 38 Vicrc.

in the registry of each diocese, setting forth the portions or divisions of the diocese which at the time of the passing of the Act were accounted and held to be rural deaneries; and such portions or divisions of the diocese shall be regarded and held to be rural deaneries as if they had been constituted such under the provisions of this Act.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to further alter and amend the La^ of Evidence in Scotland, and to provide for the recording, by means of Short-hand Writing, of Evidence in Civil Causes in Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

[7th August 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The fourth section of the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act of the " fifteenth year of Her present Majesty for amending the law " of evidence in Scotland," is hereby repealed.

2. The parties to any proceeding instituted in consequence of adultery, and the husbands and wives of such parties, shall be competent to give evidence in such proceeding; provided that no witness in any proceeding, whether a party to the suit or not, shall be liable to be asked or bound to answer any question tending to show that he or she has been guilty of adultery, unless such witness shall have already given evidence in the same proceeding in disproof of his or her alleged adultery.

3. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter or affect the law of Scotland in force at and prior to the passing of this Act relating to the proof of a promise of marriage in any action of declarator of marriage founded upon promise of marriage, cum copula subsequente.

4. In every case of a proof in a civil cause or proceeding in a sheriff court in Scotland, and in every case of evidence being taken in any such cause or proceeding to lie in retentis, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) It shall be competent to the sheriff, on the motion of any party to the cause or proceeding and if he sees fit, to cause the evidence to be taken down and recorded in short-hand by a writer skilled in

339

Evidence Law Awiendment (Scotland). Ch. 64, 65.

short-hand writing, to whom the oath de fideli administratione shall be administered, provided that the sheriff shall himself dictate to the short-hand writer the evidence which he is to record, and a note of the documents adduced and any admissions made by the parties:

(2.) When a short-hand writer is so employed he shall be appointed by the sheriff and paid by the parties in the first instance equally, and the extended notes of such short-hand writer, certified by him as correct, shall be the record of the oral evidence in the case; provided that, should the correctness of the said record of evidence be questioned, it shall be competent to the sheriff to satisfy himself in regard thereto, by the examination of witnesses or otherwise, and, if necessary, to amend the said record.

5. In this Act the term "sheriff" includes sheriff substitute, Interpretation and any person appointed by a sheriff to take evidence on ofterms* commission according to the present law and practice.

[Short title.]

6, This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Evidence Further Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1874."

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Leopold George Duncan Albert on his coming of age.

[7th August 1874.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most gracious message, that Your Majesty is desirous of making competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of Your Majesty's fourth son, His Royal Highness Prince Leopold George Duncan Albert, on his coming of age, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by letters patent Power to Her under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto His said Royal Highness, or to nuity of such persons as Her Majesty may think fit to name in the said i5, oooo/. to

Ff 2

340

Ch. 65, 66.

Prmce Leopolds Annuity. 37 & 38 Vict.

Prince Leopold letters patent, on trust for His said Royal Highness, and ^wTf^rT11 subject to such conditions as Her Majesty may direct, an or 1 e' annuity of fifteen thousand pounds for his life, such annuity to commence from the seventh day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the day on which His said Royal Highness came of age, to be free from all taxes, assessments, and charges, and to be paid quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October.

Payment of 2. The first payment of the said annuity shall include such proportionate portion thereof as may have accrued between the said date of parto annuity. jj0yaj Highness coming of age and the first of the said quarterly days which happens after the passing of this Act, and shall be made on such last-mentioned day, and a proportionate part shall be payable between the last quarterly day of payment and the day of the determination thereof: Provided that in the event of His said Royal Highness succeeding to any sovereignty or principality abroad it shall be lawful for Her Majesty or her successors, with the consent of Parliament, to revoke or reduce the said annuity by warrant under the Sign Manual.

Annuity' 3. The annuity granted in pursuance of this Act shall, if

Act*to be^this ^er Majesty think fit so to direct, be a personal and in-charged on the alienable provision, and the same shall be charged on and Consolidated payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom Fund. of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing produce thereof,

after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said fund Jby former Acts of Parliament, but with preference to all other payments which may hereafter be charged on the said fund.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland in respect to the recovery of Balances due on partnership Accounts, and in respect of Actions involving Questions of Title to corporeal and incorporeal Hereditaments.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to enlarge the jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland in respect to the recovery of balances due on partnership accounts, and in respect of actions involving questions of title to corporeal or incorporeal hereditaments:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

341

1874. Civil Bill Courts (Ireland). Ch. 66,

Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The chairmen of every county in Ireland shall have Balances of jurisdiction to try by civil bill actions for the recovery of co^ts^vhether any debt or demand not exceeding forty pounds alleged to ascertained or be due as the balance of a partnership account, whether the not at the time-balance shall have been ascertained or not previous to the proceSgS^fx. issuing of the civil bill; and such chairmen shall, in addition ceeding 40

to any jurisdiction in respect of lands and hereditaments »ad actions in which they already possess, also have jurisdiction to try by co^rentort0 civil bill actions in which the title to any corporeal or incor- incorporeal poreal hereditament shall come in question, when the value of hereditaments, the land in dispute, or in respect of which an easement or license is claimed, or on, through, over, or under which such court, but deeasement or license is claimed, shall not exceed twenty pounds crees in by the year as valued under the Acts relating to the valuation gha^not*^be of rateable property in Ireland; but the decision of the evidence of chairmen in any action in which the title to any corporeal or in ottcr incorporeal hereditament shall be in question shall not be actl0ns* evidence of title between the parties or their privies in any other action relating to any other corporeal or incorporeal hereditament, although the same may depend in the whole or in part on the same title: Provided however, that this section shall not extend to any action in which title to any fishery or right of fishing shall come in question.

2. The defendant in any civil bill in which the title to Proceedings in a corporeal or incorporeal hereditament shall be in question ^8t(JI1c'001!ving may, at any time after the service of the civil bill on him, p0rceal or°incor-apply to a judge of one of Her Majesty's Superior Courts poreal heredita-of Common Law in Ireland for a summons to the plaintiff

to show cause why such action shall not be tried in one civil^ilfcourt of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland on the and ordered to ground that the title to lands or hereditaments of greater ^eard courts annual value than twenty pounds as before defined would be border oTtke affected by the decision in such action, or on any other ground judge, which may make it more proper to have the case tried in any of such Courts; and on the hearing of such summons the judge may, if he think expedient, order, on such terms as he may think proper to impose, that the proceedings in the civil bill court shall be discontinued, and that such action shall be tried in one of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

3. This Act shall come into force on the first day of When the Act December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and

shall be construed as one Act with the Act of the four- t*0 be con-teenth and fifteenth year of Her Majesty, chapter fifty-seven, strued. and the several Acts amending or altering the same.

Ff 3

Ch. 67.

Slaughter-houses, <Lc.

37 & 38 Vict.

Short title of Act.

Absolute prohibition against establishing anew certain businesses.

Certain

businesses may be established anew with sanction of local authority.

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to regulate and otherwise deal with Slaughterhouses and certain other Businesses in the Metropolis.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law in the Metropolis relating to slaughter-houses and certain other businesses herein-after specified:

Be it enacted by the Queen's mpst Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Slaughterhouses, &c*. (Metropolis) Act, 1874.

Regulations as to Businesses.

2. If any person establishes anew within the limits of this Act the following businesses or any of them; that is to say, the business of —

Blood boiler, or Bone boiler, or Manure manufacturer, or Soap boiler, or Tallow melter, or Knacker,

he shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds in respect of the establishment thereof, and any person carrying on the same when established shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which he so carries on the same.

3. If any person establishes anew within the limits of this Act, without the sanction of the local authority, the following businesses or any of them; that is to say, the business of — Fellmonger, or Tripe boiler, or Slaughterer of cattle, or

Any other business which the local authority may declare by order confirmed by the Local Government Board and published in the London Gazette to be an offensive business,

he shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds in respect of the establishment thereof, and any person carrying on the same when established shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which he so carries on the same.

1874.

Slaughtei'-houses, &c.

Ch. 67.

343

The sanction of the local authority shall be given by order certified under their seal, or under the hand of their clerk, but previously to making any such order, the local authority shall give notice thereof to the vestry of the parish within which the premises are situate at least fourteen days before such application is considered, and also give notice by advertisement of the time and place at which they will be willing . to hear all persons objecting to such order, and shall take into their consideration any objections made at such time and place, and shall grant or withhold such sanction as they may think expedient.

4. The local authority may from time to time make, alter. Power of local and repeal byelaws for regulating the conduct of any businesses specified in this Act, which are for the time being lawfully carried on within their jurisdiction, and the structure of the premises on which such business is being carried on, and the mode in which application is to be made to the local authority for their sanction to establish anew any business under this Act:

Pecuniary penalties (to be recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction) may be imposed by any such byelaws on persons breaking any byelaw regulating the conduct of any of the said businesses, provided that no penalty exceeds for any one offence the sum of five pounds, or in the case of a continuing offence, the sum of one pound for every day during which such offence is continued after conviction for the first offence.

Also power may be given by any such byelaw as last aforesaid to a court of summary jurisdiction by summary order to suspend or deprive any person altogether of the right of carrying on any business to which such byelaw relates as a penalty for breaking the same.

Any byelaw made in pursuance of this section, and any alteration made therein, and any repeal of a byelaw, shall not be of any validity until it has been confirmed by the Local Government Board.

A byelaw made under this Act shall not nor shall any alteration therein or repeal thereof be confirmed by the Local Government Board until the expiration of one month after notice of the intention to apply for confirmation of the same has been given by the local authority in one or more newspapers circulating in the Metropolis; and any vestry or district board or person aggrieved by any such proposed byelaw or alteration in or repeal of a byelaw may forward notice of his objection to the Local Government Board, who shall take the same into consideration.

If for a period of four months after the passing of this Act the local authority fail in exercising the powers of making byelaws given by this Act, the Local Government Board may,

Ch. 67.

Slaughterhouses, <kc.

37 & 38 Vict.

by order to be published in such manner as that Board may direct, make such byelaws of their own motion, and may by a like order alter and repeal such byelaws and make other byelaws in lieu thereof; and all byelaws so made shall have the same effect and may be enforced in like manner as byelaws made by the local authority and duly confirmed by the . Local Government Board.

Legal proceedings.

Appeal to

quarter

sessions.

Legal Proceedings and Miscellaneous.

5. All offences and penalties under this Act, or any byelaw made in pursuance of this Act, may be prosecuted and recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Act.

The term "The Summary Jurisdiction Act/' means the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties " of Justices of the Peace out of sessions within England " and Wales with respect to summary convictions and " orders, inclusive of any Acts amending the same:

The term "Court of Summary Jurisdiction" means and includes any justice or justices of the peace, lord mayor or alderman of the city of London, or metropolitan police magistrate.

The Court of Summary Jurisdiction, when hearing and determining an information or complaint under this Act, shall be constituted in some one of the following manners; that is to say, either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned sitting alone or

o o

with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice, that is to say, the Lord Mayor, or any alderman of the city of London, or a metropolitan police magistrate.

Any person disobeying any summary order of a court of summary jurisdiction made in pursuance of this Act shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which disobedience continues.

6. If any party feels aggrieved by any order or conviction made by a court of summary jurisdiction under or in pursuance of this Act, the party so aggrieved may appeal therefrom, subject to the conditions and regulations following:

(1.) The appeal shall be made to some court of general or quarter sessions for the county or place in which the cause of appeal has arisen, holden not less than fifteen days and not more than four months after the decision of the court from which the appeal is made:

(2.) The appellant shall, within seven days after the cause of appeal has arisen, give notice to the other party

345

Slaughter-houses, &c. Ch. 67.

and to the court of summary jurisdiction of his intention to appeal, and of the ground thereof:

(3.) The appellant shall, immediately after such notice, enter into a recognizance before a justice of the peace, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned personally to try such appeal, and to abide the judgment of the court thereon, and to pay such costs as may be awarded by the court, or give such other security by deposit of money or otherwise as the justice may allow:

(4.) The court of appeal may adjourn the appeal, and upon the hearing thereof they may confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the court of summary jurisdiction, or remit the matter to the court of summary jurisdiction with the opinion of the court of appeal thereon, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just. The court of appeal may also make such order as to costs to be paid by either party as the court thinks just.

7. All byelaws made by the local authority under this Act Byelaws to be shall be printed, and a copy thereof shall be delivered to any printed, person carrying on any of the businesses specified in this Act

within the limits of this Act, upon his application for the same, without payment of any fee, and to any other person, on payment of such sum, not exceeding one shilling, as the local authority may from time to time prescribe.

8. Any byelaw or order made by the local authority in Evidence of pursuance of this Act may be proved by the production of a byelaws-printed copy of such byelaw or order purporting to be certified

by the clerk of the local authority to be a true copy, or purporting to be sealed by the seal of the local authority; and any such byelaw or order shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been duly made and confirmed in pursuance of this Act.

9. There shall be charged for an order sanctioning the Fees for sanc-establishment anew of any one of the said businesses, permitted Jj^of{ocal to be established anew, such fee not exceeding ten shillings u on y '

as the local authority may prescribe.

Any such fees shall be carried to such account for the benefit of the local authority as that authority may prescribe, and shall be applicable to the purposes for which the local rate is applicable.

10. Where the sanction of the local authority has been Amendment of given under this Act to a slaughterer of cattle to establish law as to re-his business anew on any premises within the limits of this SceMes for Act, a license to use such premises as a slaughter-house shall siaughter-

be granted as a matter of course by the justices assembled at houses in the first special sessions for licensing slaughter-houses held ^der "Metro-after the grant of such sanction, in pursuance of section ninety- polis Manage-

346

ment Amendment Act, 1862."

Power of inspectors of Privy Council to enter slaughter-houses and knackers yards for detection of disease.

Definitions.

Cfl 67. Slcvughter-houses, <fec, 37 & 38 Vict.

three of "The Metropolis Management Amendment Act,

1862."

Before any license by the justices assembled at special sessions for the use of any premises as a slaughter-house is renewed under the last-mentioned'section, fourteen days previous notice of the intention to apply for such license to be renewed shall be served on the Metropolitan Board of Works as well as on the other parties in the said section in that Behalf* mentioned, to the intent that such Board may, if they think fit, show cause against such license being renewed, in like manner as such other parties are empowered by that section to show cause.

An objection shall not be entertained to a license under the said section for the use of any premises as a slaughter-house being renewed unless seven days previous notice has been served on the applicant of the intention of the object or to bring forward such objection, with this exception, that notwithstanding notice has not been given, the justices may, if they think it just so to do, on an objection being made, and notice of such objection being served on the applicant, adjourn the question as to renewing any license to a future day, and require the attendance of the holder of the license on such day, when the case shall be heard and the objection considered as if the notice herein-before directed had been given.

A license under the said section ninety-three for the use of premises as a slaughter-house shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be renewed in all cases where a further license is granted under the said section in immediate succession to a prior license being granted for the use of the same premises as a slaughter-house.

U. Any person for the time being appointed by the Privy Council an inspector for the purposes of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1869, may enter on the premises occupied by any slaughterer of cattle or knacker, within the limits of this Act, and inspect any live or dead animals therein for the purpose of detecting the presence of any contagious or infectious disease, and any person obstructing any such inspector in entering such premises or placing any obstacle in the way of his making such inspection as aforesaid, shall incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

Definitions.

12. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following expressions shall have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

" The Metropolis" means the parishes and places mentioned in the Schedules A, B, and C, annexed to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and any parish to which such Act may be extended by Order in Council in manner in

Slaughter-houses, Ac.

Ch. 67.

347

the said Act provided; also the city of London and the liberties of the said city:

" The local authority " means, as respects the parishes and places mentioned in the Schedules A, B, and C, annexed to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and any parish to which such Act may be extended by Order in Council in manner in the said Act provided, the Metropolitan Board of Works, and as respects the city of London and the liberties thereof, the Commissioners of Sewers:

" The clerk of the local authority" means as respects the Metropolis," the clerk of the Metropolitan Board of Works," and as respects the city of London," the chief clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers: "

" The limits of this Act" means the area of the Metropolis as herein-before defined:

"The local rate" means, as respects the Metropolis, "the rate or fund applicable to the payment of the general expenses of the Metropolitan Board of Works;" as respects the city of London, the " consolidated sewer rate:99

" Slaughterer of cattle" means a person whose business it is to kill any description of cattle, including sheep, goats, or swine, which is killed for the purpose of its flesh being used as butchers meat:

"Knacker" means a person whose business it is to slaughter any horse, ass, or mule, or any cattle, sheep, goat, or swine which is not killed for the purpose of its flesh being used as butchers meat.

13. A business shall be deemed to be established anew if it is removed from any one set of premises to any other premises, or if it is renewed on the same set of premises after having been discontinued for a period of nine months or upwards, or if any premises on which it is for the time being carried on are enlarged without the sanction of the local authority; but a business shall not be deemed to be established anew by reason only that the ownership of such premises is wholly or partially changed, or by reason only that the building on which it is established having been wholly or partially pulled down or burnt down has been reconstructed without any extension of its area.

Repeal and Saving Clauses.

14. There shall be repealed the following enactments; that is to say,

(1.) Sections 55 and 56 of the Act of the session of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-four, and intituled "An Act for regulating the construction and use of buildings

When a business to be deemed established anew *

Repeal of Acts.

348

Ch. 67.

Slaughter-houses, &c.

37 & 38 Vict.

Continuance of byelaws.

Exemption regarding the Metropolitan Cattle Market, &c.

Saving.

" in the Metropolis and its neighbourhood," so far as relates to the several businesses of a soap boiler, tallow inelter, knacker, fellmonger, tripe boiler, or slaughterer of cattle.

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(2.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence against any enactment hereby repealed; or

(3.) The institution of any investigation or legal proceeding or any other remedy for ascertaining, enforcing, or recovering any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

15. All byelaws and regulations in force at the time of the passing of this Act, in relation to any of the businesses, for the regulation of which a power of making byelaws is given by this Act, shall continue in force until repealed by byelaws made in pursuance of this Act, power being given to repeal, in relation to any such last-mentioned business, by byelaw made in pursuance of this Act, any byelaw or regulation in force in relation to such business at the time of the passing of this Act. But from and after the passing of this Act the local authority shall not have power to make any byelaws or regulations in respect of any business which they are empowered to regulate by byelaw under this Act, except by byelaw made in pursuance of this Act.

16. Nothing in this Act shall render it necessary for the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, or their tenants, to make application to the local authority for an order to enable them to slaughter cattle at the Metropolitan Cattle Market, or at the cattle market at Deptford, or enable the local authority to make byelaws affecting those markets or the slaughter-houses now erected or that may be erected at either of these markets.

17. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the general law of nuisance, or make legal any act or default which would have been illegal if this Act had not passed, or, save as in this Act expressly provided, affect any Act of Parliament relating to any business specified in this Act.

Attorneys and Solicitor's.

Ch. 68.

349

CHAPTER 68.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Attorneys and Solicitors.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS by the Act twenty-three and twenty-four 23 & 24 Vict.

* Victoria, chapter one hundred and twenty-seven, inti- c-127- 8*10-tuled "An Act to amend the laws relating to attorneys,

" solicitors, proctors, and certificated conveyancers" (in this Act referred to as the Act of 1860), it is (section ten) enacted that no person thereafter bound by articles of clerkship to any attorney or solicitor shall, during the term of service mentioned in such articles, hold any office or engage in any employment whatsoever other than the employment of clerk to such attorney or solicitor and his partner or partners (if any) in the business, practice, or employment of an attorney or solicitor, save as by the Act six and seven Victoria, chapter seventy-three (in this Act referred to as the Act of 1843), or by the Act of 1860, otherwise provided; and that every person bound as aforesaid shall, before being admitted an attorney or solicitor, prove by the affidavit required under the fourteenth section of the Act of 1843 that he has not held any office or engaged in any employment contrary to the enactment now in recital, and that the form of such affidavit as aforesaid shall be varied by such addition thereto as may be necessary for that purpose:

And whereas it is expedient that the restriction contained in the recited enactment should not be enforced in cases in which such consent and sanction as by this Act provided are obtained:

And whereas by the Act of 1860 (section twenty-four) it 23 & 24 Vict. is further enacted that where the name of any attorney or c-127* 8- 24* solicitor is ordered to be struck off the roll of attorneys or solicitors of any court, on his own application or on the application of any other person, the rule or order for that purpose shall forthwith and before the same is acted upon be produced to the registrar of attorneys and solicitors (in this Act referred to as the registrar), and that the registrar shall enter a note or minute of the rule or order in connexion with the name of such attorney or solicitor on the roll of attorneys and solicitors kept by the registrar, and shall* strike the name off the roll, and shall mark the rule or order as having been entered:

And whereas it is expedient that where application is intended to be made by any third person to strike the name of any attorney or solicitor off the roll of attorneys or solicitors of any court notice of the intended application be given to the registrar, and that such power as is in this Act in that behalf contained be conferred upon the registrar in respect thereof:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords [iVo. 30. Price 2d.] G g

Ch. 68.

Attorneys and Solicitors.

37 & 38 Vict.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act. Interpretation.

Exceptions from recited enactment.

Judge may attach conditions to order.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Attorneys and Solicitors Act, 1874."

2. This Act shall extend only to England and Wales.

3. All words and expressions to which, by the Act of 1860, meanings are assigned shall have in this Act the same respective meanings.

4. The recited enactment (section ten) of the Act of 1860 shall not henceforth apply to cases in which any person bound by articles as therein mentioned shall before or after he enters upon the office, or engages in the employment, have applied for and obtained —

(a.) The consent thereto in writing of the attorney or solicitor to whom he is bound; and

(6.) The sanction thereto of one of the judges of one of the superior courts of law at Westminster, or the Master of the Rolls, or one of the judges of the High Court of Justice, to be evidenced by an order of such judge:

Provided that this section shall apply to the case of any person bound by articles expiring after or not more than two years before the passing of this Act who shall have held any office or been engaged in any employment during the service under such articles before or after the passing of this Act, and who within one year after the passing of this Act, or within one year after the expiration of his articles, shall prove, by an affidavit from the attorney or solicitor to whom he is bound, or by such other evidence as shall be satisfactory to such judge, that the holding of such office, or being engaged in such employment, was with the consent of the attorney or solicitor to whom he was or is bound, and has not interfered with due service under such articles, and the judge hearing such application shall have power to make any order which he shall think fit as to the service by the person so bound as aforesaid for the remainder of the term of service of his articles, or any part thereof, after the acceptance of such office, or as to the passing of any examination.

Provided that not lees than fourteen days before any such application to a judge is made notice in writing of the application shall be given to the registrar, which notice shall state the names and residences of the applicant, and of the attorney or solicitor to whom he is bound, and the nature of the office or employment, and the time it is expected to occupy.

5. Any such judge making any such order may in and by the order impose on the applicant such terms and conditions touching the office or engagement and his employment therein as such judge thinks fit.

Attorneys and Solicitor's.

Ch. 68.

351

8. Where any terms or conditions shall be so imposed, and the person authorised by the order shall accept the office, or engage in the employment, he shall, before being admitted an attorney or solicitor, prove to the satisfaction of a judge of one of the superior courts of law at Westminster, or the Master of the Rolls, or one of the judges of the High Court of Justice, and of the examiners for the time being appointed under the provisions of the Act of 1860, or of any Act amending the same, to examine persons applying to be admitted as attorneys and solicitors, that he has duly observed and fulfilled those terms and conditions.

7. Where application is intended to be made to any court for an order or rule to strike the name of any attorney or solicitor (not being an attorney or solicitor making the application) off the roll of attorneys or solicitors of such court, or for an order or rule to compel him to answer the matters of an affidavit, notice in writing shall be given to the registrar of such intended application fourteen clear days at the least before such application shall be made.

8. Copies of all affidavits intended to be used in support of such application shall be delivered to the registrar with the notice.

9. The court shall not entertain any such application, except upon production of an affidavit proving that the notice required by this Act has been duly given, and that copies of all such affidavits have been duly delivered to the registrar.

10. The registrar may appear by counsel upon the hearing of any such application, and upon any other proceedings arising out of or in reference to the application, and may apply to the court to make absolute any rule nisi which may have been granted by the court in the matter of such application, or to make an order that the name of the attorney or solicitor be struck off the roll of attorneys or solicitors of the said court, or, as the case may be, to order the attorney or solicitor to answer the matters of the affidavit, or such other order as to the court may seem fit; and it shall be lawful for the court to order the costs, charges, and expenses of the registrar of or relating to any of the matters aforesaid, to be paid by the attorney or solicitor against whom any such application is made or was intended to be made, or by the person by or on whose behalf the application is made or was intended to be made, or partly by the one and partly by the other of them.

11. Where any court or any judge of any court shall, upon motion, have ordered or directed a rule (whether nisi or absolute) or order to be drawn up for striking the name of any attorney or solicitor off the roll of attorneys or solicitors

Proof of compliance with conditions.

Notice to be given to registrar of applications to strike names of attorneys or solicitors off the roll.

Copies ofaffida vits to accompany notice.

Court not to entertain application except on proof of notice, &c.

Registrar may appear on application, See.

Registrar may draw up rules and orders not drawn up by applicants.

352

Ch. 68.

Attorneys and Solicitors. 37 & 38 Vict.

Penalty for wrongfully acting as attorney or solicitor.

No costs recoverable by disqualified attorney or solicitor.

Who to be

deemed

qualified.

Offences may be prosecuted before a court of summary jurisdiction.

of such court, or for compelling an attorney or solicitor to answer the matters of an affidavit, and such rule shall not have been drawn up by or on behalf of the person applying for the same within one week after the order or direction for drawing up the same shall have been made or given, it shall be lawful for the registrar to cause the rule or order to, be drawn up, and all future proceedings thereupon shall be had and taken as if the application for the rule or order had in the first instance been made to the court by the registrar.

12. Any person who wilfully and falsely pretends to be or takes or uses any name, title, addition, or description implying that he is duly qualified to act as an attorney or solicitor, or that he is recognised by law as so qualified, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding the sum of ten pounds for each such offence.

No costs, fee, reward, or disbursement on account of or in relation to any act or proceeding done or taken by any person who acts as an attorney or solicitor, without being duly qualified so to act, shall be recoverable in any action, suit, or matter by any person or persons whomsoever.

For the purposes of this section, a person shall be deemed to be duly qualified to act as an attorney or solicitor if he shall have in force at the time at which he acts as an attorney or solicitor a duly stamped certificate authorising him so to do, pursuant to the provisions of the Stamp Laws and the laws for the time being relating to attorneys and solicitors, or shall have been appointed to be Solicitor of the Treasury, Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, or any other branch of Her Majesty's Revenues, or of any public department, including the department of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and of the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, or if he be a clerk or officer appointed to act for the solicitor for any public department as herein-before described.

Any offence under this Act may be prosecuted before a court of summary jurisdiction, in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts: Provided always, that the court of summary jurisdiction, when hearing, trying, determining, and adjudging an information or complaint in respect of an offence under this Act, shall be constituted either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions, or of some magistrate or officer sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice, and for the time being empowered by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace.

1874.

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland).

Ch. 69.

353

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the sale and consumption of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the provisions of the 35 & 36 Vict.

Licensing Act, 1872, which extend to Ireland; which c*94, provisions are in this Act referred to as the principal Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act and the principal Act shall, so far as is con- Construction sistent with the respective tenors of such Acts, be construed as and short title one Act, and may be cited together as a The Licensing Acts £5 &Cg6 vict (Ireland), 1872-1874;" but this Act may* if necessary, bee. 94. cited separately as " The Licensing Act (Ireland), 1874."

Early-closing Licenses, Licenses, and Excise Licenses.

2. Where, on the occasion of any application for a certificate Early-closing for a new license, or the transfer or renewal of a license which liceDfle8, authorises the sale of any intoxicating liquor for consumption on the premises, the applicant applies to the licensing justices to cause to be inserted in his license a condition that he shall close the premises in respect of which such license is or is to be granted one hour earlier at night than that at which such premises would otherwise have to be closed, the justices shall cause the said condition to be inserted in such certificate, and the same shall be inserted in any license granted in pursuance thereof.

The holder of a license in which such condition is inserted (in this Act referred to as an early-closing license) shall close his premises at night one hour earlier than the ordinary hour at which such premises would be closed under the provisions of the principal Act, and the provisions of this Act and the principal Act shall apply to the premises as if such earlier hour were the hour at which the premises are required to be closed.

The applicant for an early-closing license may obtain from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue any license granted by such Commissioners which he is entitled to obtain in pursuance of any such certificate as aforesaid, upon payment of a sum representing six sevenths of the duty which would otherwise be payable by him for a similar license not limited to such early closing as aforesaid. In calculating the six sevenths fractions of a penny shall be disregarded.

Remission of duty in case of six-day and early-closing

license.

Occasional license required at fairs and races.

Occasional licenses, — extension of time for closing.

Offences on premises -with occasional license.

Restrictions as to licenses under

Ch. 69. Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

The notice which a licensed person is required by section eleven of the principal Act to keep painted or fixed on his premises shall, in the case of an early-closing license, contain such words as the licensing justices may order for giving notice to the public that an early-closing license has been granted in respect of such premises.

3. A person who takes out a license containing conditions rendering such license a six-day license as well as an early-closing license shall be entitled to a remission of two sevenths of the duty.

4. Any person selling or exposing for sale any intoxicating liquor in any booth, tent, or place within the limits of holding any lawful and accustomed fair or any races, without an occasional license authorising such sale, shall, notwithstanding anything contained in any Act of Parliament to the contrary, be deemed to be a person selling or exposing for sale by retail intoxicating liquor at a place where he is not authorised by his license to sell the same, and be punishable accordingly.

Provided that this section shall not apply to any person selling or exposing for sale intoxicating liquors in premises in which he is duly authorised to sell the same throughout the year, although such premises are situate within the limits aforesaid.

t

5. Whereas by the twentieth section of the Act of the session of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-three, it is provided that the hours during which an occasional license shall authorise the sale of any beer, spirits, or wine shall extend from sunrise until one hour after sunset: Be it enacted, that the said section shall be construed as if in place of the words " sunrise until one hour after sunset" there were inserted the words ct such hour, not earlier than sunrise, until such hour," not later than ten o'clock at night, as may be specified in " that behalf in the consent given by the justice for the " granting of such occasional license."

6. For the purpose of so much of the principal Act as relates to offences against public order, that is to say, sections twelve to eighteen, both inclusive, and the sections for giving effect to the same, a person taking out an occasional license shall be deemed to be a licensed person within the meaningtof the said sections, and the place in which any intoxicating liquors are sold in pursuance of the occasional license shall be deemed to be licensed premises, and to be the premises of the person taking out such license.

7. From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any person under the authority of any license granted under the authority of section seven of the Act of

1874. Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). Ch. G9. 355

the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of His 5 & 6 \v. 4. late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to c* 39'R' 7 *

" exempt certain retailers of spirits to a small amount from " the additional duties on licenses, and to discontinue the " excise and survey on wine, and the use of permits for the " removal thereof," to sell or expose for sale by retail any intoxicating liquors elsewhere than within the part or parts of the theatre or other place of public entertainment which shall be specified in such license, or to sell intoxicating liquors to persons other than those employed in or bona fide attending the performances in such theatre or other place of public entertainment, or to sell or expose intoxicating liquors at any time other than the time of such performances, or during thirty minutes immediately preceding the commencement or immediately succeeding the termination of such performances; and any sale or exposure for sale in contravention of any of the provisions of this enactment shall be deemed to be a sale or exposing for sale by retail of intoxicating liquor by a person not duly licensed to sell the same within the meaning of the principal Act, and shall subject the person making the same to the penalties and forfeitures of that Act.

Provided always, that no part of such theatre or other place of public entertainment which shall, during the performances in the same, be accessible to persons other than those employed or attending performances therein, shall be included in any such license.

8. It shall not be lawful for any officer of excise in Ireland Certificates to grant a wholesale beer dealer's license, or to grant a renewal o^dto re' or transfer of any such license to any person unless such per- grant of whole-son shall produce a certificate to the effect and as required by sale b^er section three of "The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864," with dealers 1, censc-respect to the grant, renewal, or transfer of the license to sell beer by retail therein mentioned.

All applications for such certificates shall be made in the manner and subject to the like conditions as to appeals against the same and otherwise (so far as the same are applicable) as are prescribed by "The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864," in relation to applications for certificates under the said Act, as the same are amended by this Act.

0. The provisions of section eighty-two of the principal Provisions of Act, relating to the grant of new excise licenses and of re- °^ct

newals of excise licenses to certain persons therein described, extended. ° shall extend to the transfer of excise licenses, and the said provisions so extended shall not be limited to the case of such persons, but shall extend and apply to all such transfers and grants when made to any other persons: Provided always, that in the case of a new excise license or transfer of an excise license under this section the certificate shall be to the good

356

Ch. 69.

Notice of intended application for license.

Exemption from closing in respect of markets, fairs, and certain trades.

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

character of the person applying for the same and to the suitability of the premises.

10. Every person intending to apply for a new license or for the transfer of a license, instead of serving notice, as hitherto required by the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-eight, section two, upon the churchwardens of the parish or union wherein the premises sought to be licensed are situate, shall, on some day not more than four and not less than two weeks before the intended application is to be heard, cause to be inserted or advertised in some paper circulating in the place in which such premises are situate a notice conformable to the requirements of the said section two.

31. In the police district of Dublin metropolis, the chief commissioner or the assistant commissioner of police, and in any petty sessions district two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions, upon its being proved to his or their satisfaction that it is necessary or desirable so to do for the accommodation of any considerable number of persons attending any public market hr fair, or following any lawful trade or calling, may, on payment of a fee of two shillings and sixpence, grant (if he or they so think fit) to any licensed person, in respect of premises in the vicinity of such market or fair, or of the place where the persons follow such lawful trade or calling, an order, in this Act termed an " exemption order," exempting such person from the provisions of this Act with respect to the closing of his said premises on such days, and during such time (except between the hours of one and two of the clock in the morning), and upon such terms as may be specified in such order.

In the police district of Dublin metropolis, such chief or assistant commissioner granting an exemption order shall forthwith send the particulars of such order to the divisional justices; and such commissioner shall cause an entry of the particulars of such exemption order to be made in the register of licenses; and elsewhere than in the police district of Dublin metropolis, the justices granting an exemption order shall cause the particulars thereof to be forthwith entered by the clerk of petty sessions in the register of licenses.

The holder of an exemption order shall not be liable to any penalty for not closing his premises on such days and during such times as may be specified in such order; but he shall not be exempt from any other penalty under the principal Act, or this or any other Act, or otherwise.

A notice, in such form as may be prescribed by such commissioner or justices respectively, stating the days and hours during which the premises are permitted to be open under such exemption order, shall be and be kept affixed in a conspicuous position outside the premises; and if the holder of

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland).

Ch. 69.

357

the exemption order makes default in affixing or keeping affixed such notice in manner aforesaid during the time or any part of the time for which his exemption is granted, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

Every person who affixes or keeps affixed to his premises any such notice when he does not hold an exemption order under this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

Any such commissioner or justices aforesaid may at any time (if it seem fit to him or them) withdraw an exemption order under this section, or alter the same by way of extension or restriction, as he or they may deem fit, but not so as to render any person liable to any penalty for anything done under such order before the holder was informed of such withdrawal or alteration.

Times for Grant of Certificates.

12. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Power to Lord chief governor or governors of Ireland at any time within six Lieutenant and months after the passing of this Act, by and with the advice times for and consent of the Privy Council, by order to be published in grant of cer-the Dublin Gazette, to constitute one of the general or quarter tificates. sessions of the peace now usually holden in and for the several divisions of counties or ridings, counties of cities, and counties of towns, cities, towns, and boroughs to be the annual licensing quarter sessions for such divisions of counties and ridings, and for such counties of cities, counties of towns, cities, towns, and boroughs respectively, and with the like advice and consent, by order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, to appoint for each petty sessions district and for the police district of Dublin metropolis a time for holding annual licensing petty sessions for each such district.

From and after the publication in the Dublin Gazette of such orders respectively, and the constitution and appointment thereby of annual licensing quarter sessions and of annual licensing petty sessions, the provisions following shall apply:

1. Where under the provisions of any Act now in force or As to quarter hereafter to be passed, the production of a certificate of CCT"

justices in quarter sessions assembled, or of a recorder c* of any city, town, or borough, is required previous to the grant of any license by an officer of excise, such certificate shall (save as herein-after provided) not be granted except at an annual licensing quarter sessions:

Provided always, that in case any license shall, under the authority of the Act of the session of the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and fourteen, be transferred to any person, and in such other cases as may seem fit to such justices or recorder, a certificate may, notwith-

Ch. 69.

As to petty sessions certificate.

Temporary continuance of licenses or excise licenses forfeited without disqualification of premises.

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

standing the preceding provisions, be granted at any general or quarter sessions (other than the annual licensing quarter sessions), and in like manner as heretofore; but any license granted in pursuance of any such last-mentioned certificate shall only continue in force until the annual licensing quarter sessions held next after the grant of such certificate, unless at such annual licensing quarter sessions such certificate shall be confirmed, and in case such certificate shall not be then confirmed the license granted in pursuance thereof shall not be renewed.

2. Where under the provisions of this Act, or any Act now in force or hereafter to be passed, the production of a certificate by justices presiding at petty sessions, or of a divisional justice in the police district of Dublin, is required previous to the grant or transfer of any license or of an excise license or of a wholesale beer dealers license by an officer of excise, such certificate shall not (save as herein-after provided) be granted except at an annual licensing petty sessions: Provided always, that in such cases as may seem fit to such justices sitting in petty sessions, or to such divisional justice, and in all cases in which a certificate is required from such justice or justices for the transfer of a license or of an excise license or of a wholesale beer dealers license, a certificate may, notwithstanding the preceding provisions, be granted at any time other than that fixed for annual licensing petty sessions, and in like manner as heretofore; but any license granted in pursuance of any such certificate shall only continue in force until the annual licensing petty sessions held next after the grant of such certificate, unless at such annual licensing petty sessions such certificate shall be confirmed, and in case such certificate shall not be then confirmed, the license or excise license or wholesale beer dealer's license granted in pursuance thereof shall not be renewed.

13. Where any licensed person or spirit grocer is convicted for the first time of any one of the following offences:

1. Making an internal communication between the premises

of such licensed person or spirit grocer and any unlicensed premises;

2. Selling spirits without a spirit license;

3. Any felony;

and in consequence either becomes personally disqualified or, has his license forfeited, there may be made by or on behalf of the owner of the premises an application to a court of summary jurisdiction for authority to cany on the same business on the same premises until the quarter sessions or

1874 Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). Ch. 69. 359

petty sessions (in which last term is included, with respect to the police district of Dublin metropolis, the court of a police magistrate) for the division, place, or district in which such premises are situate holden next after the expiration of one calendar month after such endorsement, according as the certificate, upon production of which such license or excise license was obtained, was granted at quarter sessions or petty sessions.

Where such quarter sessions or petty sessions shall be the annual licensing quarter sessions or the annual licensing petty sessions, application maybe made for a renewal of such license to some person other than the person convicted, and such renewal may be granted or refused in pursuance of the enactments relating thereto: Provided that where such quarter sessions or petty sessions shall not be the annual licensing quarter sessions or the annual licensing petty sessions, application for a transfer of such license to some person other than the person convicted may be made and granted or refused in like manner and on the same conditions, and for the same time, as if the person convicted had removed from such premises, and the person applying for such grant was his assignee.

14. Where a person licensed to sell intoxicating liquors Provisions on to be consumed on the premises applies for a certificate for the renewal of his license, the following provisions shall have effect:

He need not attend in person at the court unless he is required by the justices or police [authority so to attend, for some special cause personal to himself.

The justices shall not entertain any objection to the signing of such certificate, or receive any evidence with respect to same, unless a written notice of intention to oppose be served on the applicant not later than seven days before the holding of such session, stating in general terms the grounds on which the renewal of such license is to be opposed.

The justices may, notwithstanding that no notice of objection has been served, if objection is made in court, adjourn the signing of the certificate to a future day, and require the attendance of the applicant.

The justices shall not receive any evidence with respect to the signing of such certificate which is not given on oath in open court.

Register of Licenses.

15. Whereas by section ten of the Act of the session of the Amendment of third and fourth years of the reign of His late Majesty King ec*8- loand n William the Fourth, chapter sixty-eight, provision is made 4Wl *4' that every person who shall obtain a license shall within six days next after he shall have obtained such license deliver or

360

Ch. 69.

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

cause to be delivered to the clerk of the peace of the county, city, or town in which the house mentioned in such license is situate a note in writing, signed by him or on his behalf, in which shall be specified the Christian and surname and place of abode of such person, and other the particulars in said section mentioned; and by section eleven of the said Act provision is made for the entry by such clerk of the peace in a list or register to be kept by him of the particulars specified in every such note, and it is expedient to amend the said sections: Be it therefore enacted, that, in addition to the particulars required by said section ten of the said Act, every such note shall contain the name and address of the owner of the house in which intoxicating liquors are licensed to be sold by the person by or on whose behalf such note shall be signed, and the same shall be in the form in the Schedule (A) to this Act annexed, and the clerk of the peace to whom such note shall be delivered, in the said list or register to be kept by him as aforesaid shall enter the name and address of every such owner in addition to the particulars prescribed by said section eleven.

The clerk of the peace of every county, city, and town shall from time to time transmit to the clerk of petty sessions of each petty sessions district within such county, city, or town, and in Dublin to the chief clerk of the Metropolitan Police Court, a copy of every entry made by him in pursuance of the said Act and this Act relating to any house or place in such district.

Register of 16. There shall be kept in every petty sessions district by

licenses to be the clerk of petty sessions of such district a register, to be ept* called the " Register of Licenses," in such form as may be

prescribed by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, containing the particulars from time to time transmitted to such clerk of petty sessions by the clerk of the peace in manner aforesaid, and also the particulars of all certificates given in such district by the justices under the provisions of any Act now in force or hereafter to be passed, or of this Act, and requiring the production of any certificate previous to the grant, transfer, or renewal of a license or excise license, or wholesale beer dealer's license, the premises in respect of which they were granted, the names and address of the owners of such premises, and the names of the holders for the time being of such certificates. There shall also be entered on the register all forfeitures of licenses or of excise licenses, all exemption orders, all disqualifications of premises, records of convictions, and other mattera relating to the licenses and excise licenses in force in such district. '

Every person applying for any such certificate as aforesaid shall state the name and address of the owner of the premises in respect of which such certificate is granted, and such name

1874. IntoxicatiTig Liquors (Ireland). Ch. 69. 361

shall be endorsed on the certificate, and the person whose name is so stated shall, subject as herein-after mentioned, be deemed, for the purposes of the principal Act and this Act, the owner of the premises.

A court of summary jurisdiction in any petty sessions district may, on the application of any person who proves to the court that he is entitled to be entered as owner of any premises in such district in place of the person appearing on the register to be the owner, make an order substituting the name of the applicant, and such order shall be obeyed by the clerk of petty sessions of such district, and a corresponding correction may be directed to be made on the certificate and license or excise license granted in respect of the premises of which such applicant claims to be the owner.

Any ratepayer, any owner of premises to which a license or excise license or wholesale beer dealer's license is attached, and any holder of a license or excise license within any petty sessions district, shall, upon payment of a fee of one shilling, and any officer of police and any officer of excise in such district, without payment, shall be entitled at any reasonable time to inspect and take copies of or extracts from any register kept in pursuance of this section; and the clerk of petty sessions and every other person who prevents the inspection or taking copies of or extracts from the same, or demands any unauthorised fee therefor, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence.

The preceding provisions of this section shall apply to the police district of Dublin metropolis: Provided always, that the register in such district shall be kept by the Chief Clerk of the Dublin Metropolitan Police Court, and that the terms " petty sessions district," and cc district," and a clerk of petty sessions," shall be construed to mean respectively the police district of Dublin metropolis, and the Chief Clerk of the Dublin Metropolitan Police Court.

17. From and after the first day of September one thousand Fee upon cer-eight hundred and seventy-four there shall be paid a fee of

five shillings upon every certificate given for the grant of a new license, new excise license, or new wholesale beer dealer's license, or for the transfer of any license, excise license, or wholesale beer dealer's license, by a divisional justice of the police district of Dublin metropolis, or by justices in petty sessions, and no other fee or stamp duty shall be payable in respect of any such certificate or the entry thereof.

Payment, &c. of Fees.

18. All fees under this Act payable in Dublin shall be paid Payment of to the chief clerk of the metropolitan police court, and shall fces in Dublin-be paid and accounted for, and payment of the same may be enforced in like manner, subject to the same conditions, and

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

by the like means in every respect as fines payable under the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, and the same shall be applied towards defraying the expense of the police establishment of the said district

Payment of 19. All fees under this Act payable in any petty sessions fees m petty district shall not be received in money, but by stamps denoting

trict.0n8 " the amount of the fees payable

Every exemption order under this Act and every certificate given in any petty sessions district upon which a fee is by this Act made payable shall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, upon paper bearing a stamp denoting the amount of such fee.

All the-provisions of "The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858," with respect to the documents enumerated in the Schedule C. to the said Act annexed, and to the payment of the fees in respect thereof, and to the stamps denoting the amount of such fees, and to the payment of fees, and to stamps, and the providing of and supply of the same, and the payment and accounting for the same, and enforcing the payment thereof, and generally with respect to all matters relating thereto, shall extend and be applicable with respect to all exemption orders under this Act and certificates given in petty sessions district upon which fees are by this Act made payable, and to all fees and stamps under this Act, in like manner in every respect as if such exemption orders, certificates, fees, and stamps were included [amongst the documents, fees, and stamps mentioned in the said Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858.

J Record of Convictions and Penalties.

Mitigation of 20. The sixty-seventh section of the principal Act is hereby penalties. repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that where any person holding a license or excise license is convicted of any offence against this or the principal Act, or against any of the Acts recited or mentioned therein, the Court may not, except in the case of a first offence, reduce the penalty to less than twenty shillings, nor shall the penalty, whether of excise or police, be reduced in any case to less than the minimum authorised by any other Act.

Record of con- 21. Where any licensed person or spirit grocer is convicted

0n ^7 offence against the principal Act which by such Act was

to have been or might have been endorsed upon the license or excise license, or of any offence against this Act, the court before whom the offender is brought shall cause the register of licenses in which the license or excise license of the offender is entered, or a copy of the entries therein relating to the license or excise license of the offender, certified in manner prescribed by this Act, to be produced to the court before passing sentence; and after inspecting the entries therein in relation to the license

1874.

Ch. 69.

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland).

or excise license of the offender, or such copy thereof as aforesaid, the court shall declare, as part of its sentence, whether it will or will not cause the conviction for such offence to be recorded on th^ license or excise license of the offender, and if it decide that such record is to be made, the same shall be made accordingly.

A declaration by the court that a record of an offence is to be made on a license or excise license shall be deemed to be part of the conviction or order of the court in reference to such offence, and shall be subject accordingly to the jurisdiction of the court of appeal

A direction by the court that a conviction for an offence is to be recorded on the license or excise license of the offender shall, for the purposes of the principal Act, be deemed equivalent to a direction or requirement by the Act that such conviction is to be recorded; and all the provisions of the principal Act importing that convictions are required or directed by the Act to be recorded on the license or excise license of an offender shall be construed accordingly.

22. Where a licensed person or a spirit grocer is convicted Record of con of any offence against the provisions of any Act for the time being in force relating to the adulteration of drink, such conviction shall be entered in the proper register of licenses, and may be directed to be recorded on the license or excise license of the offender in the same manner as if the conviction were for an offence against the principal Act, and when so recorded shall have effect as if it had been a conviction for an offence against the principal Act.

Regulations as to entry on Premises.

23. Any constable may, for the purpose of preventing or Constable to detecting the violation of any of the provisions of the principal fQFpre" Act or this Act which it is his duty to enforce, at all times enforcement of enter on any licensed premises and on any premises kept by a Act. spirit grocer, and on any premises in respect of which an occasional license is in force.

Every person who, by himself, or by any person in his employ or acting by his direction or with his consent, refuses or fails to admit any constable in the execution of his duty demanding to enter in pursuance of this section, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding for the first offence five pounds, and not exceeding for the second and every subsequent offence ten pounds.

24. Any justice of the peace, if satisfied by information on Search warrant

oath that there is reasonable ground to believe that any of

intoxicating liquor is sold by retail or exposed or kept for sale or kept con-by retail at any place within his jurisdiction, whether a build- traryt0 law-ing or not, in which such liquor is not authorised to be sold

Hh 2

364

Ch. 69.

Drunken person may be detained if incapable of taking care of himself.

Substitution of licensing justices for Commissioners of Inland Re-

Irvtoxicati/ng Liquor8 (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vici.

by retail, may in his discretion grant a warrant under his hand, by virtue whereof it shall be lawful for any constable named in such warrant, at any time or times within one month from the date thereof, to enter, and, if need be by force, the place named in the warrant, and every part thereof, and examine the same and search for intoxicating liquor therein, and seize and remove any intoxicating liquor found therein which there is reasonable ground to suppose is in such place for the purpose of unlawful sale at that or any other place, and the vessels containing such liquor; and in the event of the owner or occupier of such premises being convicted of selling by retail or exposing or keeping for sale by retail any liquor which he is not authorised to sell by retail, the intoxicating liquor so seized and the vessels containing such liquor shall be forfeited.

When a constable hate entered any premises in pursuance of any such warrant as is mentioned in this section, and has seized and removed such liquor as aforesaid, any person found at the time on the premises shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been on such premises for the purpose of illegally dealing in intoxicating liquor, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Any constable may demand the name and address of any person found on any premises on which he seizes or from which he removes any such liquor as aforesaid, and if he has reasonable ground to suppose that the name or address given is false may examine such person further as to the correctness of such name and address, and may, if such person fail upon such demand to give his name or address, or to answer satisfactorily the questions put to him by the constable, apprehend him without warrant, and carry him as soon as practicable before a justice of the peace.

Any person required by a constable under this section to give his name and address who fails to give the same, or gives a false name or address, or gives false information with respect to such name and address, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

Miscellaneous.

25. Every person who, in any highway or other public place, whether a building or not, is so drunk as to be incapable of taking care of himself, may be detained by any constable until he can, with safety to himself, be discharged, but if so detained he shall be summoned in due course to answer for such offence, and he shall not by such discharge be relieved from the liability to any penalty to which he is subject.

26. Whereas by section eleven of the principal Act it is provided that every licensed person shall cause to be painted or fixed, and shall keep painted or fixed, on the premises in respect of which his license is granted, in a conspicuous place

and in such form and manner as the Commissioners of Inland venue as Revenue may from time to time direct, his name, with such st^8 certain additions as in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to substitute in the said section the licensing justices for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue: Be it therefore enacted.

That in the said eleventh section the expression "licensing justices " shall be deemed to be substituted for the expression "Commissioners of Inland Revenue," and the word "justices " for the word u Commissioners."

27. If during any period during which any premises are Penalty on required under the provisions of the principal Act to be closed any person is found on such premises, he shall, unless he dunngciosing satisfies the court that he was an inmate, servant, or a lodger hoars, on such premises, or a bona fide traveller, or that otherwise his presence on such premises was not in contravention of the provisions of the principal Act with respect to the closing of licensed premises and premises kept by a spirit grocer, be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Any constable may demand the name and address of any person found on any premises during the period during which they are required by the provisions of the principal Act to be closed, and if he has reasonable ground to suppose that the name or address given is false may require evidence of the correctness of such name and address, and may, if such person fail upon such demand to give his name or address, or such evidence, apprehend him without warrant, and carry him as soon as practicable before a justice of the peace.

Any person required by a constable under this section to give his name and address who fails to give the same, or gives a false name or address, or gives false evidence with respect to such name and address, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

Every person who by falsely representing himself to be a traveller or a lodger buys or obtains or attempts to buy or obtain at any premises any intoxicating liquor during the period during which such premises are closed in pursuance of the principal Act shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

28. If in the course of any proceedings which may be Saving as to taken against any person licensed to sell any intoxicating tra- liquor to be consumed on the premises for infringing the provisions of the principal Act relating to the closing of premises, such person (in this section referred to as the defendant) fails to prove that the person to whom the intoxicating liquor was sold (in this section referred to as the purchaser) is a bonA fide traveller, but the justices are satisfied that the defendant truly believed that the purchaser was a bon& fide traveller, and further that the defendant took all reasonable precautions to ascertain whether or not the purchaser was such

366

Ch. 69.

Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

a traveller, the justices shall dismiss the case as against the defendant, and if they think that the purchaser falsely represented himself to be a bona fide traveller, it shall be lawful for the justices to direct proceedings to be instituted against such purchaser under the next preceding section of this Act.

A person for the purposes of this Act and the principal Act shall not be deemed to be a bond, fide traveller unless the place where he lodged during the preceding night is at least three miles distant from the place where he demands to be supplied with liquor, such distance to be calculated by the nearest public thoroughfare.

Supply of in- 20. No person keeping a house licensed for the sale of any Uquors a^er intoxicated liquor to be consumed on the premises shall be hours to private liable to any penalty for supplying intoxicating liquors after friends. the hours of closing to private fiiends bond, fide entertained by him at his own expense.

As tojurisdic- 30. Wherever "The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, underVr&TI *854," or any Local Act incorporating the said Act in whole Vict. c. 103. or in part, is in force in any town or place, any person empowered for the purposes of the said Act or of such Local Act to act as a justice of the peace within the boundaries of such town or place shall, notwithstanding anything in the principal Act to the contrary, have all and the same jurisdiction, power, and authority to hear and determine charges for offences committed within the boundaries of such town or place against section twelve of the principal Act as any justice of the peace having jurisdiction in that behalf, and may for such purpose sit alone or, in his own court, together with any justice or justices of the peace, according as the offence against the said section may be tried by one or by two or more justices, or any justice or justices in petty sessions of the peace.

The penalty imposed by such justice or justices, or by the justices in petty sessions in every such town or place as aforesaid, and in every town in which the Act of the session of the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-two, is in force for any such offence committed within the boundaries of such town or place, shall be enforced as penalties are by the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, or such Local Act, or such Act of the ninth year of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-two, respectively directed to be enforced, and shall be applied in manner prescribed by the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, for the purposes of such of the said Acts as is in force within such town or place.

Nothing in this section shall apply to the police district of Dublin metropolis.

Amendment of s. 52 of principal Act as to

31. Sub-section four of section fifty-two of the principal Act is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof the following provision shall be substituted; viz.,

1874. Intoxicati/ng Liquors (Ireland). Ch. 69. 367

When the appellant is in custody, and shall enter into such release from recognizances with sureties approved by the justice in manner custodym case by said Act provided, or shall give such other security as by app said Act provided, the justice shall release him from custody.

32. In the police district of Dublin metropolis a divisional Summons in justice may issue a summons for any offence under the principal Pf Dublin^-Act or this Act, or any Act relating to the sale of any intoxi- tropoliB. eating liquor, upon any information or complaint; either on

oath or not, or in writing or not, as such justice shall see fit.

33. Every holder of a license, excise license, wholesale beer License to be dealer's license, or order of exemption made under this Act, p^uced m who on being required by any recorder or court of quarter sessions on the hearing of any appeal, or by a divisional justice

or justice of the peace on the hearing of any summons or complaint, shall not produce and deliver such license, excise license, wholesale beer dealer's license, or order to be read and examined by such recorder, court, or justice respectively, shall be subject to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, whether it shall or shall not be stated in any summons that such production will be required.

34. Every holder of any excise license along with any other Liability in license or licenses, and every holder of several licenses, shall be r.esPe^ of dis" subject to the provisions of the principal Act and this Act in tmct lceDse>' respect of each such license.

35. Every entry in any register of licenses of any license, Evidence of excise license, wholesale beer dealers license, certificate, or ex- a^dconvic-'^ emption order, and; of any conviction ordered to be recorded tions.

on a license or on an excise license, shall for every purpose be evidence of such license, excise license, wholesale beer dealer's license, certificate, exemption order, and conviction respectively, and every entry in any book kept in a police court or in any petty sessions order book of any conviction or order under the principal Act or this Act, or either of them, and any copy of such entry purporting in every such case (except that of a petty sessions order book) to be signed and certified as a true copy by the person to whose custody such register or book is intrusted, and in the case of a petty sessions order book purporting to be certified by a justice of the peace, pursuant to "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," section twenty-one, and form (I a) in the schedule thereto, shall for every purpose be evidence of such conviction and order respectively; and any such entry or any such copy of such entry of a conviction ordered to be recorded on a license or excise license, which license or excise license shall not be produced when required by any recorder, court of quarter sessions, divisional justice, or justice of the peace, shall be conclusive evidence that such conviction was duly recorded on such license or excise license.

368

Evidence of license.

Definitions.

" Town."

u License."

" Wholesale beer dealer's license."

" Occasional license."

36. Any copy or certificate of any license, or of any excise license, or of any wholesale beer dealer's license, purporting to be signed and certified as a true copy or certificate by any officer in that behalf appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, shall for every purpose be conclusive evidence of such license or excise license.

37. In the principal Act and in this Act the following terms have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant thereto; namely,

"Town" shall mean and include —

Any parliamentary or municipal borough;

Any town haying commissioners under an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make provision for the lighting, cleansing," and watching of cities and towns corporate, and " market towns, in Ireland, in certain^cases Any town having municipal commissioners under an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for the " regulation of municipal corporations in Ireland \ Any town having town commissioners or commissioners under the Towns Improvement Act, 1854, or under any Local and Personal Act:

"License" shall mean any license for sale of any intoxicating liquor granted by an officer of excise in Ireland upon production, in the police district of Dublin metropolis, of a certificate of the recorder of the city of Dublin, or of a divisional justice, and elsewhere of a certificate of any recorder of a city or borough, or of justices, under the provisions of any Act now or hereafter requiring such certificate, but shall not include an excise license as defined by section eighty-one of the principal Act, or a wholesale beer dealer's license, as herein-after defined: a Wholesale beer dealer's license" shall mean a license to any person not being a brewer of beer, authorising the sale of strong beer only in casks containing not less than four and a half gallons imperial measure, or in not less than two dozen reputed quart bottles at one time, to be drunk or consumed elsewhere than on the premises of such person:

"Occasional license" shall mean a license to sell beer, spirits, or wine granted in pursuance of the thirteenth section of the Act of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-two, and section five of the Act of the session of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of Her present

1874. Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland). Ch. 69. 369

Majesty, chapter eighteen, and the Acts amending the same in relation to the licenses therein mentioned, or of any of such Acts:

" New license," " new excise license," and " new wholesale " New license," beer dealer's license," shall mean respectively a license, &c* excise license, and wholesale beer dealer's license granted in respect of premises in respect of which a similar license has not theretofore been granted, or, if granted, has been annulled or has not been in force during the preceding six months:

The term "licensing justices" shall mean as to licenses "Licensing granted in pursuance of certificates granted at justices" quarter sessions, and as to renewals or transfers of such licenses, the justices or authority empowered to grant such certificates at quarter sessions, and as to other licenses, excise licenses, and wholesale beer dealers licenses the justices or justice empowered to grant certificates for the same respectively:

"Register of licenses" shall mean the list or register «Register of directed to be kept by this Act: licenses."

The term "clerk to the licensing justices" shall mean the " Clerk to the person who keeps the register of licenses: licensing jns-

And the principal Act shall be construed as if the meanings tices' by this Act assigned to the terms "license," "licensing justices," "register of licenses," and "clerk to the licensing justices," were respectively substituted in the seventy-seventh section of the Licensing Act, 1872, for the respective meanings thereby assigned to the same terms.

38. From and after the commencement of this Act there Repeal, shall be repealed the sections of the principal Act relating to the following matters; that is to say,

(1.) Sections nineteen to twenty-two, both inclusive, relating to adulteration, and the first schedule to the principal Act;

(2.) Section thirty-five, relating to entry on premises by constables; and (3.) So much of sections five, six, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, seventy-eight, eighty-three, and eighty-four as relates to the records of convictions on licenses;

(4.) The last paragraph of section fifty-six, beginning with the words " In a county the justices," to the end of the section; and also section fifteen of the Act of the session of the fifty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and four, except so far as the same applies to spirituous liquors which shall be used and consumed in the house, shop, or premises in which the same are sold.

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed:

370

15 & 16 Vict. c. 63.

17 Vict. c. 8. 23 Vict. c. 4.

The Lords Commissioners

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under any enactment hereby repealed:

(3.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence against any enactment hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE A.

Form of Notice.

To the Clerk of the Peace for the county [or city or town] of

Take notice, I have obtained a [license, early-closing license, or six-day license, as the case may be-\ to sell spirits, beer, and cider by retail up to the day of 18, and I

require you to enter my name and the description of my house in the Register of Licenses as follows:—

Christian name of trader.

Surname of same.

Place of abode of same.

Description or sign of house and premises.

Name of townland [or in cities, towns, or villages, name of street and number therein].

Petty sessions district where house situate.

Christian name of owner of house.

Surname of same.

Address of same.

Dated this day of

18

Trader's name.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in a session of Parliament held in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-three, and one other Act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of Her said Majesty, chapter eight, and one other Act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of Her said Majesty, chapter four, various provisions were made for the annual revision of the valuation of rateable property in Ireland, and for payment of the expenses thereof, and it is expedient to amend said Acts as herein-after mentioned:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioner of Valuation, and all other persons acting in the execution of the said Acts, shall, anything in the

1874.

371

Variation (Ireland) Act Amendment. Ch. 70.

said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding, be of Treasury to paid out of moneys to be voted by Parliament such salary and fix salaries and allowances for travelling and other expenses as the Lords allowances-Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fair and reasonable and from time to time direct, and shall be entitled to such superannuation or other allowance, and upon such conditions as are provided by the " Superannuation Act,

1859," for persons who shall have served in an established capacity in the permanent Civil Service of the State.

2. Each county shall repay to the said Commissioners, in Counties to respect of the expense of such annual revision incurred from Lepay por" and after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred of aimualre-and seventy-four, the annual sum stated in relation to such vision men-county in the schedule to this Act annexed; said sum to be presented and levied by the respective grand juries for each

county, in equal moieties, at the spring and summer assizes in each year, save in the county of Dublin, in which county the annual amount to be repaid shall be presented by the finance committee in one sum at the usual time for making presentments for said county, and shall be levied by equal moieties in each year.

3. The grand juries of the respective counties in Ireland, Grand juries to and the finance committee for the county of Dublin, shall and Present they are hereby required (without application to presentment sessions) to present, levy, and raise in manner aforesaid the respective sums stated in the schedule to this Act annexed as payable by each county; and in case the grand jury of any

county, or the finance committee of the county of Dublin, shall refuse or neglect to make any such presentment, the judge or judges presiding at the assizes or presenting term at which such grand jury or finance committee shall have so refused or neglected, or at any subsequent assize or presenting term, shall order the amount to be placed on the levy, and raised as if the same had been duly presented; and when and so soon as any sum so presented or ordered as aforesaid shall be levied and raised, the same shall be paid over by the treasurer of each county to the supply account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General at the Bank of Ireland, or shall be brought to the public account in such other manner as the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time direct.

4. From and after the passing of this Act the following Repeal of por-portions of the said recited Acts shall be and the same are tions ofex-hereby repealed, save as to any act heretofore done there- c under, and save as to the presenting, levying, and repayment by the respective counties and cities of one moiety of all sums expended previous to the first day of July next in carrying the provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, into

372 Ch. 70. Valuation (Ireland) Act Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

execution; thht is to say, fifteen and sixteen Victoria, chapter sixty-three, sections thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, and forty; twenty-three Victoria, chapter four, sections five and eight.

Commence- 5. This Act shall take effect from the first day of July one -otand short thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and may be cited c 0 c for all purposes as the " Valuation (Ireland) Amendment Act 1874 and the unrepealed portions of the said recited Acts, and this Act, shall be construed and be deemed and taken as one Act.

SCHEDULE.

Showing the Annual Sums payable by Counties from and after the 1st July 1874 in respect of Annual Revision.

Counties. For Annual Revision. Counties. For Annual Revision.

Province of Leinster:— £ Province of Connaught £

Carlow - 75 Galway - 440

Drogheda, Town of - 20 Galway, Town of - - 30

Dublin - 380 Leitrim . 190

Dublin City 200 Mayo - 350

Kildare - 150 Roscommon - 230

Kilkenny - 185 Sligo - 210

Kilkenny City 25

King's County 145 Total for Connaught £ 1, 450

Longford - 140

Louth - 105

Meath ... 180 Province of Ulster: —

Queen's County 145 Antrim, including Borough

Westmeath - 165 of Belfast - 430

Wexford - 195 Armagh - 215

Wicklow - 175 Carrickfergus, Town of - 10

Cavan . 200

Total for Leinster £ 2, 285 Donegal - 230

Down, including Borough

Province of Munster:— of Belfast - 395

Clare - 255 Fermanagh - 180

Cork - 505 Londonderry - 205

Cork City - 75 Monaghan - - 140

Kerry - 265 Tyrone - 270

Limerick - 240

Limerick City - 40 Total for Ulster £ 2, 275

Tipperary (North Riding) - 180

Tipperary (South Riding) -Waterford, 205 190 Total for Ireland £ 8,000

* avviiuiu Waterford City 35

Total for Munster £ 1, 990

Lough Corrib Navigation.

Ch. 71.

373

CHAPTER 71.

An Act to authorise " The Lough Corrib Navigation Trustees " to dispose of part of the Navigation in the district of Loughs Corrib, Mask, and Curra.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the session of Parliament holden in the nineteenth and twentieth years of Her Majesty, chapter sixty-two, intituled An Act to provide " for the maintenance of navigations made in connexion with " drainage, and to make further provision in relation to works " of drainage in Ireland

And whereas under and by virtue of the provisions of the said Act the trustees of any navigation therein mentioned are empowered to dispose of such navigation in manner therein provided:

And whereas it is expedient to enlarge the powers of disposal thereby given, so far as the same affect the Lough Corrib Navigation Trustees, as herein-after provided:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Lough Corrib Navigation Trustees, by and with the consent of the grand juries of the counties of Galway and Mayo, and of the county of the town of Galway, signified by resolutions of such grand juries at any assizes, to let or lease, sell, convey, transfer, and assign to any person or persons willing to become tenant of, or to purchase the same, subject to such terms and conditions as the Lord Lieutenant in Council may from time to time direct, all that part of the said navigation consisting of the channel or canal, with the locks, weirs, materials, and other works, with all rights and appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate between Lough Mask and Lough Corrib, or any portion or portions thereof.

2. The receipts of the said trustees under their seal and the hands of any three or more of them for any purchase moneys thereof shall be sufficient discharges for the same, and such moneys shall be paid to the treasurers of the respective counties which or any baronies or townlands in which contributed to the expense of the construction of such navigation, in the proportions in which such counties, baronies, and townlands contributed thereto, to be placed by such treasurers respectively to the credit of their respective counties or such baronies or townlands therein as aforesaid.

Power to Navigation Trustees to dispose of navigation.

Receipts of three or more trustees to be sufficient discharges.

Ch. 71, 72. Lough Corrib Navigation. 37 & 38 Vict.

Conditions of 3. Save as in and by any such lease or conveyance may lease or sale, provided, the person or persons so leasing or purchasing any portion of said navigation shall not be liable or subject to any of the control, restrictions, or conditions in said recited Act mentioned.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act to explain and amend the Fines Act. (Ireland), 1851, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[7th August 1874]

WHEREAS by section ten of the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, provisions were made for the estreat of recogni-

zances, and doubts have arisen as to whether the said provisions extend to sureties as well as to principal parties, and it is expedient to remove the said doubts:

And whereas quarterly and monthly returns of proceedings in petty sessions, and of the appropriation of fees, fines, and penalties, are now by law required to be made by clerks of petty sessions in Ireland, and by reason of such monthly returns such quarterly returns are unnecessary, and it is expedient that the same should cease to be made:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the recovery of penalties and with respect to offences in certain cases:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, Amendment Act, 1874, and the said Act and this Act may be cited together for all purposes as " The Fines Acts. (Ireland), 1851-1874."

section ten thorise the mentioned, shall have been entered into by any person or persons as surety or sureties for any principal party shall be forfeited, in such order to state with respect not only to such principal party but also to such surety or sureties the amounts of such forfeiture, and to direct a warrant or warrants to issue to levy such amounts respectively from such surety or sureties in like manner as other penal sums are directed to be levied by the said Act.

Meaning of 2. It is hereby declared that the provisions of

section 10 of of the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, extend and ar

Fines Act (Ire- ., , , v \

land), 1851, assistant barrister, recorder, or chairman therem

explained. whenever he orders that any recognizance which

1674.

Fines Act (Ireland) Amendment. Ch. 72, 73.

375

3. From and after the passing of this Act section four of Repeal of

the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixth 6 4 *

and seventh years of the reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, chapter thirty-four, relating to quarterly returns by

clerks of petty sessions, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

4. Every penalty recovered in respect of offences com- Application of

mitted within the limits of the Galway Town Improvement 10

Act, 1853, against section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1872, 0X03-.

as applied to Ireland, shall be applied as follows: — One half of such penalty shall go to the informer, and the remainder to the town commissioners, and if the town commissioners be the informers, they shall be entitled to the whole of said penalty.

5. Where by any Act now in force or hereafter to be passed Mode of re-

it is enacted that penalties, offences, or proceedings thereunder covering penal i ir i i i i ties, &c. m

may be recovered, prosecuted, or taken in a summary manner, certain cnHe8j

and no further provision with respect thereto is contained in

such Act, then such penalties, offences, and proceedings shall be recoverable, may be prosecuted, or taken with respect to

the police district of Dublin metropolis, subject and according to the provisions of any Act regulating the powers and duties

of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of

such district; and with respect to other parts of Ireland, before

a justice or justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions,

subject and according to the provisions of "The Petty Sessions.

(Ireland) Act, 1851/ and any Act amending the same.

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Payment to and Repayment by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Moneys received in and to the accounts relating to the Post Office Savings Bank.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS by the Post Office Savings Banks Act, 1861, 24 ^5 Vict.

it is enacted that all moneys deposited with the Post- c' ' master General in pursuance of that Act " shall forthwith be " paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the " National Debt, and all sums withdrawn by depositors, or " by parties legally authorised to claim on account of depositors, shall be repaid to them out of the said moneys,

" through the office of Her Majesty's Postmaster General," and by the said Act the moneys remitted to the said Commissioners are required to be invested in manner in the said Act mentioned:

And whereas the practice has been to pay out of the moneys deposited with the Postmaster General the sums withdrawn

376

Ch. 73.

Post Office Savings Banks. 37 & 38 Vict.

fay depositors, and to pay over the balance to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for investment by them:

And whereas doubts have arisen whether the said practice is authorised by the said Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

And whereas it is expedient to extend the time for laying before Parliament the accounts under the said Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Construction 1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fourteen, intituled An Act to grant additional facilities for depositing small savings " at interest, with the security of the Government for due " repayment thereof' (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), and together with that Act may be cited as the Post Office Savings Banks Acts, 1861 and 1874, and each Act may be cited as the Post Office Savings Banks Act of the year in which it was passed.

Explanation 2. Section five of the principal Act shall be deemed to 248 & 525 Vict authorise and always to have authorised the payment out of c. 14. as to moneys deposited with the Postmaster General in pursuance payment of of the principal Act, of the sums withdrawn by depositors ComSriMioners un(^er that Act, and the payment over of the balance only to for the Reduc- the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; tion of the and the said Commissioners may keep uninvested such portion National Debt balance as is required to repay to the Postmaster General the expenses mentioned in section fifteen of the principal Act.

The regulations made in pursuance of the principal Act by the Postmaster General with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may provide for the time and mode at and in which such balance is to be ascertained, and such expenses are to be paid or repaid.

3. An annual account of all deposits received and paid under the authority of the principal Act, and of the expenses incurred during each year ended the thirty-first of December, together with a statement of the total amount due at the close of the year to all depositors, shall be laid by the Postmaster General before both Houses of Parliament not later than the last day of April in every year, and the balance sheet mentioned in section nine of the principal Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament at the same time. Section twelve of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

Repeal of 24 & 25 Vict c. 14. s. 12.

1874f.

Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland).

Ch. 74.

377

CHAPTER 74.

An Act to amend the Law respecting certain Receipts and Expenses connected with Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

[7th August 2.874.]

WHEREAS under the Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) 5 & 6 Vict.

Act, 1842, and the Act amending the same, the moneys g received for licenses to keep a private lunatic asylum in Ireland c. 107. s. 23. are required to be paid by the clerks of the peace to the inspectors of lunatics, and to be accounted for by such inspectors, and certain expenses are directed to be paid out of such moneys, and in case of a deficiency out of the Consolidated Fund, and it is expedient to make other provision with respect to the said moneys and expenses:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Act of the Construction session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of Her present titIe

Majesty, chapter one hundred and twenty-three, (which Act may be cited as the Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act,

1842,) and this Act together with that Act may be cited as " The Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Acts, 1842 and 1874 and this Act may be cited separately as the Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1874.

2. All moneys paid for a license to keep a house for the Accounting reception of lunatics granted in pursuance of the Private ^.eMes ^md°r Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1842, shall be accounted for payment of ex-and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, and carried to the penses charged Consolidated Fund by such persons and in such manner as the thereon* Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury jnay from time to time direct.

All fees, travelling expenses, and allowances directed by the Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1842, to be paid by the inspectors, and all travelling and other expenses incurred by the inspectors in the execution of that Act, shall, where the amount or scale thereof has been sanctioned by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

3. The Act mentioned in the schedule to this Act is hereby Repeal repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned: Provided that this repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act under the enactments hereby repealed; and that anything done before the passing of this Act with the sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or of Her Majesty's Paymaster-

Ii 3

878; Ch. 74, 75. Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

General, which would have been lawful if this Act had then passed, shall be deemed to have been lawful and duly done.

SCHEDULE.

Act Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123. An Act for amending until the first day of August one thousand eight hunored and forty-five, and until the end of the then next session of Parliament, the law relating to private lunatic asylums in Ireland. Sections one, nine, ten, and forty-one.

CHAPTER 75.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 98. s. 5.

Rules under 34 & 35 Vict* «. 98. to extend to proceedings and expense*.

An Act to explain the Vaccination Act, 1871.

[7th August 1871]

WHEREAS by section five of the Vaccination Act, 1871, it is enacted, amongst other things, that, subject to the provisions of that Act, the Local Government Board shall have the same powers with respect to guardians and vaccination officers in matters relating to vaccination as they have with respect to guardians and officers of guardians in matters relating to the relief of the poor, and may make rules, orders, and regulations accordingly:

And whereas doubts are entertained whether the Local Government Board are empowered under the said Act to make rules, orders, and regulations with respect to the proceedings to be taken by the guardians or their officers for the enforcement of the provisions of the Vaccination Acts, 1867 and 1871:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The powers conferred by the said recited section shall be deemed to extend to and include the making of rules, orders, and regulations prescribing the duties of guardians and their officers in relation to the institution and conduct of the proceedings to be taken for enforcing the provisions of the said Acts, and the payment of the costs and expenses relating thereto, and rules, orders, and regulations under this Act shall be deemed to be made under the said section.

2. This Act may be cited as The Vaccination Act, 1874.

[Short title.]

1874.

Expiring Laws Continuance.

Ch. 76.

379

CHAPTER 76.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire at the times specified in respect thereof in column four of the said schedule: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance in this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1874.

2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to ContiimaDce this Act, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, "

shall, to the extent in column two of the said schedule men- 8C e* tioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and any enactments in column three of the said schedule mentioned amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

1. 2. 3. 4.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending Acts. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions.

0) 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. -Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. -5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60. 13th August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

(2) 2 & 3 Vict. c. 74. Societies, Unlawful (Ireland). The whole Act - 11 & 12 Vict. c. 89. 7th of July 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

(3) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Hates, Stock in Trade Exemption. The whole Act - - 1st October 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions.

(4) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 80. Survey of Great Britain The whole Act - 33 & 34 Vict c. 13. 31st December 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(5) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Copyhold Inclosure and Tithe Commissioners. (6) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Rates to Torn-pike Roads. So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Commissioners and other officers. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict c. 73. 1st of August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

The whole Act - 1st October 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

. vr. (?) 5 & 6 Vict c. 123. Lunatic Asylums (Ireland). The whole Act - 8 & 9 Vict c. 107.- fist August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(8) 10 All Vict. c. 32. -Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). As to powers of commissioners. 12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. 13 & 14 Vict c. 31. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 & 30 Vict c. 40. 1st September 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

(9) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. -Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. - 1st August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

(10) 11 & 12 Vict c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act - 20 & 21 Vict c. 7.- 1st August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

00 11 & 12 Vict c. 107. -Sheep and Cattle Diseases. The whole Act as to Ireland. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 62. 29 & 30 Vict c. 4. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 36. 20th August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 87 Vict. c. 75.)

(12) 14 & 15 Vict c. 104. -Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict c. 114. 8. 10. 1st October 1874, and end of then next session. (86 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(13) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. -Corrupt Practices Prevention. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 87. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. 31 & 32 Vict c. 125. 8th June 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

1. 2. 3.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(14) 19 & 20 Vict c. 36. -Preservation of the Peace (Ireland). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7. -28 & 29 Vict. c. 118.

(15) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). The whole Act -

(16) 24 & 25 Vict c. 109. -Salmon Fishery (England) Act As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

(17) 25 & 26 Vict c. 97. -Salmon Fisheries (Scotland). As to the powers of commissioners, &c. 26 & 27 Vict c. 50. 27 & 28 Vict c. 118.

(18) 26 & 27 Vict c. 105. -Promissory Notes. The whole Act - .

(19) 27 & 28 Vict c. 9. Malt for Animals. The whole Act -

(20) 27 & 28 Vict c. 20. -Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act -

(21) 27 & 28 Vict c. 92. -Public Schools. The whole Act -

(22) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. -Militia Ballots Suspension. The whole Act -

(23) 28 & 29 Vict c. 66. -Charging of Malt Duty by Weight. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 64.

(24) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Roads. The whole Act -

(25) 29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. -Prosecution Expenses. The whole Act - .

4.

Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions.

1st July 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

15th September 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

(86 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

28th July 1874, and end of then next session.

(86 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

28th August 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

13th May 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

1st August 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

29th June 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

1st September 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

23d July 1874, and end of then next session.

(36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

382

Ch. 76, 77.

Expiring Laws ContinvMnce. 37 & 38 Vict.

1, 2. 3. ' 4.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending i Acts. j Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions.

(26) *0 & 31 Vict. c. 86. -Chester Courts. Sections one, two, and three. - 15th July 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(27) 50 & 31 Vict. c. 126. -Railway Companies (Scotland). As to protection of rolling stock, 8. 4. - 1st September 1874. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(28) 80 & 31 Vict. c. 127. -Kail way Companies. As to protection of rolling stock, 8. 4. - 1st September 1874. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(29) 30 & 31 Vict. c. 141. Master and Servant The whole Act - - 20th August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(30) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 32. -Endowed Schools. The whole Act - . 1st August 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 87 Vict c. 75.)

(31) 31 & 32 Vict c. 125. -Election Petitions and Corrupt Practices. The whole Act - - 31st July 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 87 Vict c. 75.)

(32) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses. The whole Act - 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61. 24th June 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict c. 75.)

(33) 34 & 35 Vict. C. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions. The whole Act - - 1st September 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

. (34) 34 & 35 Vict c. 105. -Petroleum. The whole Act - - 1st October 1874, and end of then next session. (36 & 37 Vict. c. 75.)

CHAPTER 77.

An Act respecting Colonial and certain other Clergy.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts of Parliament certain disabilities are imposed on persons ordained by bishops not being bishops of the United Church of England and Ireland: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two,

1874.

Ch. 77.

383

Colonial Clergy.

it is enacted that the union created by Act of Parliament between the churches of England and Ireland shall be dissolved, and that enactments relating to the said United Church shall be read distributively in respect of the Church of England and the Church of Ireland:

And whereas it is desirable to amend the law respecting persons having been ordained by bishops, not being bishops of either of the said separate churches or of the said United Church, herein-after collectively called "the churches aforesaid

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act maybe cited as The Colonial Clergy Act, 1874.

2. The enactments enumerated in Schedule A. annexed to Repeal of this Act are repealed, but not so as to render invalid anything lawfully done in conformity with any of them,

3. Except as herein-after mentioned, no person who has Colonial and been or shall be ordained priest or deacon, as the case may be, ^ain

by any bishop other than a bishop of a diocese in one of the officfate with-churches aforesaid shall, unless he shall hold or have previously out permission held preferment or a curacy in England, officiate as such priest the arch* or deacon in any church or chapel in England, without written 18 °p ' permission from the archbishop of the province in which he proposes to officiate, and without also making apd subscribing so much of the declaration contained in " The Clerical Subscription Act, 1865," as follows; (that is to say,)

" I assent to the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, and to the " Book of Common Prayer, and of the ordering of bishops,

" priests, and deacons. I believe the doctrine of the Church " of England as therein set forth to be agreeable to the Word " of God; and in public prayer and administration of the " sacraments, I, whilst ministering in England, will use the " form in the said Book prescribed and none other, except so " far as shall be ordered by lawful authority"

4. Except as herein-after mentioned, no person who has nor to hold been or shall be ordained priest or deacon, as the case may be, ^taTcuratos1 by any bishop other than a bishop of a diocese in one of the without eon-churches aforesaid, shall be entitled as such priest or deacon sent of bishop, to be admitted or instituted to any benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment in England, or to act as curate therein,

without the previous consent in writing of the bishop of the diocese in which such preferment or curacy may be situate.

5. Any person holding ecclesiastical preferment, or acting as As to license, curate in any diocese in England under the provisions of this Act, may, with the written consent of the bishop of such

384

Ch. 77.

37 & 38 Vict.

Appointments, &c. contrary to Act void.

Penalty for officiating contrary to Act.

Persons ordained under 15 & 16 Vict. c. 52. exempt.

Colonial Clergy.

diocese, request the archbishop of the province to give him a license in writing under his hand and seal in the following form; that is to say,

" To the Rev. A.B.,

" We, C., by Divine Providence archbishop of D., do hereby " give you the said A.B. authority to exercise your office of " priest (or deacon) according to the provisions of an Act of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act respecting Colonial and certain " ' other Clergy.

" Given imder our hand and seal on the day of

" c. (l. s.) D"

And if the archbishop shall think fit to issue such license, the same shall be registered in the registry of the province, and the person receiving the license shall thenceforth possess all such rights and advantages, and be subject to all such duties and liabilities as he would have possessed and been subject to if he had been ordained by the bishop of a diocese in England: Provided that no such license shall be issued to any person who has not held ecclesiastical preferment or acted as curate for a period or periods exceeding in the aggregate two years.

6. All appointments, admissions, institutions, or inductions to ecclesiastical preferment in England, and all appointments to act as curate therein, which shall hereafter be made contrary to the provisions of this Act, shall be null and void.

7. If any person shall officiate as priest or deacon in any church or chapel in England contrary to the provisions of this Act, or if any bishop not being bishop of a diocese in England shall perform episcopal functions in any such church or chapel without the consent in writing of the bishop of the diocese in which such church or chapel is situate, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds to the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, to be recovered by action brought within six months after the commission of such offence by the treasurer of the said Bounty in one of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law; and the incumbent or curate of any church or chapel who shall knowingly allow such offence to be committed therein shall be subject to a like penalty, to be recovered in the same manner.

8. Any person ordained a priest or deacon in pursuance of such request and commission as are mentioned in an Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth years of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-two, shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to have been so ordained by the bishop of a diocese in England, and it shall not be necessary that the bishop to whom such commission shall have been given should have exercised his office within Her Majesty's dominions, or by virtue of Her Majesty's Royal Letters Patent, provided that such bishop be a bishop in

Colonial Clergy.

jCh. 77.

385

Contrariety to certain enactments not to invalidate admissions to ecclesiastical preferments, &c.

communion with the Church of England; and such commission shall not become void by the death of the grantor until after seven days: Provided always, that any such act of ordination by any such bishop as aforesaid shall be subject to the same laws and provisions as to the titles and as to the oaths and subscriptions of the persons to be ordained, and as to the registration of such act, as if it had been performed by the bishop of the diocese; and that the letters of orders of any persons so ordained by any such bishop shall be issued in the name of, and be subscribed with the signature of such bishop as commissary of the bishop of the diocese, and shall be sealed with the seal of the bishop of such diocese.

9. Any person ordained a deacon or priest under the pro- Persons or-

visions of an Act of the second session of the twenty-fourth Gained under year of King George the Third, chapter thirty-five, or under the first section of an Act of the fifty-ninth year of King or 59 Geo. 8. George the Third, chapter sixty, shall be subject to the0-.0-8*1* provisions contained in this Act. subject *° Act-

10. No admission, institution, induction, or appointment to any benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment within Her Majesty's dominions, nor any appointment to act as curate therein, nor any ministerial act performed by any person as priest or deacon of any of the churches aforesaid, shall be or be deemed to have been invalid at law by reason of its contrariety to any of the enactments set forth in Schedule B. to this Act annexed, unless its validity shall be inconsistent with the validity of some act, matter, or thing lawfully done before the passing of this Act.

11. Nothing in this Act contained shall alter or affect any Saving of

of the provisions of an Act of the twenty-seventh and twenty- 27 & 28 Vict eighth years of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-four, c'94* intituled An Act to remove disabilities affecting the bishops " and clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland."

12. It shall be lawful for the archbishop of Canterbury or Archbishops the archbishop of York for the time being, in consecrating any m?y dispense person to the office of bishop for the purpose of exercising dueoh^ience episcopal functions elsewhere than in England, to dispense, if

he think fit, with the oath of due obedience to the archbishop. 13

13. Nothing contained in an Act of the fifty-third year Indian bishops, of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and fifty-five,

or in an Act of the third and fourth years of King William the Fourth, chapter eighty-five, or in any letters patent issued as mentioned in the said Acts, or either of them, shall prevent any person who shall be or shall have been bishop of any diocese in India from performing episcopal functions, not extending to the exercise of jurisdiction, in any diocese or reputed diocese at the request of the bishop thereof.

386

Ch. 77,

Colonial Clergy.

37 & 38 Vict.

Interpretation 14. In this Act the word " bishop" shall, when not in-ofterms. consistent with the context, include archbishop; the words " bishop " and " archbishop," in the matters of " permission " and <c consent/' and of " consent and license/' shall include the lawful commissary of a bishop or an archbishop; the word "England" shall include the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands; and the term "church or chapel n shall mean church or chapel subject to the ecclesiastical law of the Church of England.

SCHEDULE A.

Bate of Act.

Title of Act.

Extent of Repeal.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 35.

26 Geo. 3. c. 84.

59 Geo. 3. c. 60.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 33.

5 Vict. c. 6.

An Act to empower the Bishop of London for the time being, or any other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or priest persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of His Majesty's dominions, without requiring them to take the oath of alisgiance as appointed by law. '

An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the time being to consecrate to the office of a bishop persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of His Majesty's dominions.

An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Bishop of London for the time being to admit persons into holy orders specially for the colonies.

An Act to make certain provisions and regulations in respect to the exercise within England and Ireland of their office by the bishops and clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland, and also to extend such

Erevisions and regulations to the ishops and clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America, and also to make further regulations in respect to bishops and clergy other than those of the United Church of England and Ireland.

An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the " Archbishop of Canterbury or the " Archbishop of York for the time " being to consecrate to the office of " a bishop persons being subjects or " citizens of countries out of His Majesty's dominions."

Sec. 2.

So far as the same is in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom.

Secs. 2, 3, 4, and 5.

The whole.

Sec. 4.

1874.

Colonial Clergy.

Ch. 77.

* 87

SCHEDULE B.

Enactments refereed to in Clause 10 of this Act.

bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or priest persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of His Majesty's dominions, without requiring them to take the oath of allegiance as appointed by law.

Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the time being to consecrate to the office of a bishop persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of His Majesty's dominions.

Canterbury and York and the Bishop of London for the time being to admit persons into holy orders specially for the colonies.

regulations in respect to the exercise within England and Ireland of their office by the bishops and clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland; and also to extend such ' >ns and regulations to the

and clergy of the Protestant

Episcopal Church in the United States of America; and also to make further regulations in respect to bishops and clergy other than those of the United Church of England and Ireland.

twenty-sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled w An Act to empower the M Archbishop of Canterbury or the " Archbishop of York for the time " being to consecrate to the office of " a bishop persons being subjects or " citizens of countries out of His Majesty's dominions.' '

Date of Act

Title.

Section.

24 Geo. 3. sees. An Act to empower the Bishop of Lon- Sec. 2. 2. c. 35. don for the time being, or any other

26 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act to empower the Archbishop of Sec. 3.

59 Geo. 3. c. 60. An Act to permit the Archbishops of Secs. 2, 3, 4, 5.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 33. An Act to make certain provisions and Secs. 6, 7.

5 Vict. c. 6. - An Act to amend an Act made in the Sec. 4.

Kk 2

388

CB. 78. Real Property Vendors and Purchasers. 37 & 38 Vict.

CHAPTER 78.

An Act to amend the Law of Vendor and Purchaser, and further to simplify Title to Land.

[7th August 1874.]

WTELE REAS it is expedient to facilitate the transfer of land by means of certain amendments in the law of vendor and purchaser:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Forty years 1. In the completion of any contract of sale of land made after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight the root of hundred and seventy-four, and subject to any stipulation to title. the contrary in the contract, forty years shall be substituted

as the period of commencement of title which a purchaser may require in place of sixty years, the present period of such commencement; nevertheless earlier title than forty years may be required in cases similar to those in which earlier title than sixty years may now be required.

Rules for regu- 2. In the completion of any such contract as aforesaid, and tSan^rfhts su^Jec^ any stipulation to the contrary in the contract* the Md8 obligations and rights of vendor and purchaser shall be regu-purchaser. lated by the following rules; that is to say,

First. Under a contract to grant or assign a term of years, whether derived or to be derived out of a freehold or leasehold estate, the intended lessee or assign shall not be entitled to call for the title to the freehold.

Second. Recitals, statements, and descriptions of facts, matters, and parties contained in deeds, instruments, Acts of Parliament, or statutory declarations, twenty years old at the date of the contract, shall, unless and except so far as they shall be proved to be inaccurate, be taken to be sufficient evidence of the truth of such facts, matters, and descriptions.

Third. The inability of the vendor to furnish the purchaser with a legal covenant to produce and furnish copies of documents of title shall not be an objection to title in case the purchaser will, on the completion of the contract, have an equitable right to the production of such documents.

Fourth. Such covenants for production as the purchaser can and shall require shall be furnished at his expense, and the vendor shall bear the expense of perusal and execution on behalf of and by himself, and on behalf of and by necessary parties other than the purchaser.

1874. Real Property Vendors and Purchasers. Ch. 78.

389

Fifth. Where the vendor retains any part of an estate to which any documents of title relate he shall be entitled to retain such documents.

3. Trustees who are either vendors or purchasers may sell Trustees major buy without excluding the application of the second section

of this Act. rules.

4. The legal personal representative of a mortgagee of a 'Legal personal freehold estate, or of a copyhold estate to which the mortgagee ma^con^jVe shall have been admitted, may, on payment of all sums legal estate of secured by the mortgage, convey or surrender the mortgaged mortgaged estate, whether the mortgage be in form an assurance subject propert} *

to redemption, or an assurance upon trust.

5. Upon the death of a bare trustee of any corporeal or Bare legal incorporeal hereditament of which such trustee was seised in

fee simple, such hereditament shall vest like a chattel real lu executor or in the legal personal representative from time to time of such administrator, trustee.

6. When any freehold or copyhold hereditament shall be Marriedwoman

vested in a married woman as a bare trustee, she may convey ^are or surrender the same as if she were a feme sole. convey, &c.

7. After the commencement of this Act, no priority or Protection and protection shall be given or allowed to any estate, right, or f^gstates interest in land by reason of such estate, right, or interest andtackingnot being protected by or tacked to any legal or other estate or to be allowed, interest in such land; and full effect shall be given in every

court to this provision, although the person claiming such priority or protection as aforesaid shall claim as a purchaser for valuable consideration and without notice: Provided always, that this section shall not take away from any estate, right, title, or interest any priority or protection which but for this section would have been given or allowed thereto as against any estate or interest existing before the commencement of this Act.

8. Where the will of a testator devising land in Middlesex Non-registra-or Yorkshire has not been registered within the period ^SdlLex1 allowed by law in that behalf, an assurance of such land to cured in cer-a purchaser or mortgagee by the devisee or by some one tain cases, deriving title under him shall, if registered before, take precedence of and prevail over any assurance from the testator's heir-at-law.

9. A vendor or purchaser of real or leasehold estate in Vendor or pur-England, or their representatives respectively, may at any time "jj\ or times and from time to time apply in a summary way to Gf judge in

a judge of the Court of Chancery in England in chambers, in chambers as to respect of any requisitions or objections, or any claim for ^g^|^B0°rr compensation, or any otherk question arising out of or con- compensation, nected with the contract, (not being a question affecting the &c.

Kk 3

390

[Extent of Act.]

49 Geo. 3. c. 59.

existence or validity of the contract,) and the judge shall make such order upon the application as to him shall appear just, and shall order how and by whom all or any of the costs of and incident to the application shall be borne and paid.

A vendor or purchaser of real or leasehold estate in Ireland, or their representatives respectively, may in like manner and for the same purpose apply to a judge of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the judge shall make such order upon the application as to him shall appear just, and shall order how and by whom all or any of the costs of and incident to the application shall be borne and paid.

10. This Act shall not apply to Scotland, and may be cited as the Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874.

CHAPTER 79.

An Act for the better management and regulation of Foyle College in the city of Londonderry, and for vesting in the governing body of such College the present schoolhouse and premises belonging to such College, and for vesting the right of appointment of head-master of such College in the Bishop of Derry and Baphoe and the Governor of the Honourable the Irish Society.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and nine there was and had been for a series of years a school called a free school in the city and county of Londonderry, erected upon a piece of ground within the said city:

And whereas by an Act passed in the forty-ninth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting a workhouse and premises situate in the " city of Londonderry in trustees to be sold, and for applying " the purchase money in building another schoolhouse, and for better regulating the same/' the messuage or tenement, schoolhouse and premises, with the appurtenances wherein the said school was then carried on, was vested in the Lord Bishop of Derry and the Dean and Chapter of Deny for the time being and their respective successors, upon trust to sell the same in manner in the said Act mentioned; and in the same Act provision was made for the expenditure of the money to arise from such sale in or towards the purchase or erection of a capital messuage or schoolhouse, and in or towards the purchase of sufficient land and ground suitable thereto, to be situate within the city and liberties of Londonderry, and for or towards the purchase, building, erecting,

Foyle College.

Ch. 79.

1391

and making of all offices, outhouses, and buildings, fixtures, and furniture connected therewith, and it was thereby enacted that all and singular the said capital messuage or schoolhouse, offices and buildings, lands, and other hereditaments, fixtures and furniture, which should be so purchased as aforesaid, should thereupon be immediately settled, conveyed, and assured unto and to the use of the said Lord Bishop of Derry and the Dean and Chapter of Derry for the time being and their respective successors for ever, to, for, and upon such uses, trusts, intents, and purposes as should be from time to time expressed and declared and contained of and concerning the same in and by the orders, rules, and byelaws then intended to be made for the management and regulation of the said school; and it was by the said Act further enacted, that the Lord Primate of Ireland should be visitor of the said school, and the Lord Bishop of Derry and the Dean and Chapter of Derry for the time being, and their respective successors, should for ever thereafter be the trustees of the said school and its estate and effects; and it was thereby further enacted, that for the purpose of erecting a messuage or schoolhouse with suitable offices and conveniences thereto, and of providing a piece of ground to be held and enjoyed with the same, it might be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of Derry for the time being and his successors to grant and convey the inheritance in fee farm of all or any part of the piece of ground more particularly mentioned in the second schedule to that Act annexed, being the Schedule B. thereto annexed (being part of the lands belonging to the see of Derry), and described in the first schedule annexed to this present Act, unto any person or persons whomsoever; and it was by the said Act further enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Lord Bishop of Derry and the Dean and Chapter of Derry for the time being, and their respective successors, from time to time, subject to the approval of the Lord Lieutenant or Governor and Governors and Privy Council of Ireland for the time being, to make, ordain, and establish, and to amend, alter, or repeal such rules, orders, regulations, and byelaws for the regulating, governing, and managing the said school, and all erections, buildings, works, matters, and things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of the masters, assistants, and teachers, and all other persons to be employed or in anywise concerned in such school, and for the granting of and regulating salaries and other allowances, as to them should seem just and reasonable:

And whereas after the passing of the said Act a schoolhouse and buildings were erected upon the piece of land belonging to the see of Derry, and mentioned in Schedule B. annexed to the said Act, but no lease of such land was granted by the Lord Bishop of Derry to any persons prior to the lease hereinafter mentioned:

Ch., 79.

37 & 38 Vict.

Foyle College.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 34. (Pr.)

And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming certain " conveyances in perpetuity made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioner for Ireland and the present Bishop of Derry and u Raphoe of parts of the mensal lands of the see of Derry," and for confirming certain leases made by the same bishop and his immediate predecessor in the see of Derry of other " parts of the mensal lands of the same see; also for enabling " the Bishop of Derry and Raphoe for the time being to grant " leases of the parts last mentioned, and certain other parts " of the mensal lands of the see of Derry; and for other purposes," it was enacted that it should be lawful for Richard then Lord Bishop of Derry and Raphoe, and his successors, to make demises or leases of the messuages, land, and hereditaments particularly described in the fourth schedule to that Act annexed, with the appurtenances thereto:

And whereas by an indenture dated the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, and made between the Right Reverend William Lord Bishop of Derry and Raphoe of the one part, and the Very Reverend the Dean and Chapter of Derry of the other part, the said Bishop of Derry and Raphoe, under the powers of the said first-mentioned Act, granted the messuage and premises described in the first schedule annexed to this Act, being the then site of the said school, and being also the piece of land described in the Schedule B. to the said first-mentioned Act, upon trust for the use of the said school now known as and therein called and in this Act hereafter called Foyle College, at the yearly rent of sixteen pounds eight shillings and fourpence, and one shilling in the pound receiver's fees:

And whereas by an indenture bearing date the tenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, and made or expressed to be made between the said Lord Bishop of Deny and Raphoe of the one part, and the Reverend William Percy Robinson, clerk, the then head-master of Foyle College, of the other part, the said Bishop of Derry and Raphoe, under the provisions of the Act secondly herein-before mentioned, demised to the said William Percy Robinson, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the piece of land and premises described in the second schedule to this Act annexed, being part of the land described in the fourth schedule to such secondly herein-before mentioned Act, for the terra of forty years from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, at the yearly rent of thirteen pounds sixteen shillings and sixpence, with one shilling in the pound receiver's fees:

And whereas by an indenture bearing date the fourteenth day of May one thousand .eight hundred and seventy, and made between the said William Lord Bishop of Derry and Raphoe of the first part, the Commissioners of Church Tem-

1874.

Foyle College.

Ch. 79.

393

poralities in Ireland of the second part, and the said William Percy Robinson of the third part, the said piece of land described in the second schedule annexed to this Act and the appurtenances were conveyed unto and to the use of the said William Percy Robinson, his heirs and assigns, for ever, subject to the yearly rent of fourteen pounds thirteen shillings and sevenpence:

And whereas by an indenture bearing date the fourth day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and made between the said William Percy Robinson of the one part, and the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the New Plantation in Ulster within the realm of Ireland, commonly and in this Act hereafter called the Honourable the Irish Society, of the other part, the said William Percy Robinson did covenant and declare with and to the Honourable the Irish Society, that he, his heirs and assigns, would stand possessed of the said piece of land described in the second schedule annexed to this Act, subject to the said rent of fourteen pounds thirteen shillings and sevenpence, upon trust for the school called Foyle College, and to the intent that the same might be for ever thereafter held, used, occupied, and enjoyed with and as part of and for the purposes of the same school or college:

And whereas no orders, rules, or byelaws have ever been made for the regulation of the said school or college in pursuance of the said firstly herein-before recited Act of Parliament, nor have any trusts been ever declared thereof for any public, charitable, or other purpose, and the said school or college has been continuously carried on upon the pieces of land herein-before referred to and under the provisions of the same Act, but such school or college has not since that time been and is not of the nature of a free school or charity school, nor has any free education been given therein except by favour of the managers thereof for the time being, and not as of right:

And whereas by the Irish Church Act, 1869, every eccle- 32 & 33 Vict. siastical corporation in Ireland, whether sole or aggregate, and c'42, every cathedral corporation in Ireland, were dissolved on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and doubts are entertained whether or not the persons who now hold offices similar to those held before the passing of the said Act by the Bishop of Derry and the Dean and Chapter of Derry have any power or authority in the management of Foyle College, or who has such power and authority:

And whereas in order to the good management of the said college it is expedient that a new body should be formed to undertake the management and control thereof, and it is expedient to vest all the property and effects of the said college in such new body:

Foyle College.

37 & 38 Vice.

48 Geo. 3. c. 77.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42.

[Short title.]

New governing body to have sole management.

Constitution of

governing

body.

And whereas prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight the right of nominating and appointing a master to the said free school had been exercised by His then Majesty and his predecessors:

And whereas under or by virtue of an Act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to vest " the right of appointment of master of the free school of " Londonderry, in the city and county of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for the time being," the Lord Bishop of Derry for the time being and his successors became entitled to the said right of nominating and appointing a master of the said school freed and discharged from all claim, right, and title of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the same right has since from time to time been exercised by such bishop for the time being:

And whereas doubts are entertained in whom the right so granted to the Bishop of Derry for the time being has become vested in consequence of the provisions of the said Irish Church Act, 1869, and it is expedient that such right shall be absolutely vested in the persons herein-after mentioned in that behalf:

And whereas the several purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament:

Be it enacted by the Queers most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Foyle College Act, 1874."

2. Fromgand after the passing of this Act all the powers of management of Foyle College (if any) vested in any person or persons under or by virtue of the first-mentioned Act, or otherwise howsoever, shall cease and determine, and the sole management and control of the said college shall be vested in and exercised by the governing body herein-after described alone.

3. The governing body in whom the sole management Mid control of Foyle College shall be so vested as aforesaid (in this Act called the governing body) shall consist of the following persons; namely, the Bishop of Derry and Baphoe for the time being, or the person who shall for the time being discharge duties similar or analogous to those now discharged by the said bishop, herein-after designated the said bishop; the Governor of the Honourable the Irish Society for the time being, herein-after designated the said governor; the Deputy Governor of the Honourable the Irish Society for the time

Foyle College.

Ch. 79.

395

being; the Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland for the time being; and the Worshipful the Mayor of the said city of Londonderry for the time being; such governing body shall be a body corporate with the title of tibe governing body of Foyle College, and with a perpetual succession and a common seal (with power to hold lands for the purposes of the school without license of mortmain).

i

4. The messuage or schoolhouse and premises described in Lands in sche-the first schedule annexed to this Act, and the piece or parcel du^fed m of land described in the second schedule annexed to this Act, body?^ frnd all other land (if any) now belonging to the said college,

shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, vest in the governing body in trust and for the benefit of Foyle College, subject, nevertheless, to the rents herein-before mentioned to be payable in respect thereof respectively.

5. The governing body shall for ever hereafter be the trus- Governing tees of Foyle College and of its estate and effects, and all bodyt0 b? lands, tenements, hereditaments, sum or sums of money, and ^i^college. other effects that shall come to the hands of the said trustees

or any of them to be applied in any manner for the use of the said college, and which they or any of them may lawfully take by any means whatever, shall be by them applied and disposed of in the manner and for the uses and purposes appointed and directed for the application thereof, be the same by deed, will, donation, gift, agreement, or otherwise, and to no other use and purpose whatsoever.

6. All lands, tenements, hereditaments, sum and sums of Lands, &c.' to money, and other effects that shall come to the hands of any ^econvC^to person or persons in trust for Foyle College, to be applied in body/61^ any manner for the use thereof, and which he, she, or they

g may lawfully take by any means whatsoever, shall be by him, her, or them conveyed, assigned, and paid to the governing body, and shall be by them applied and disposed of in the manner and for the uses appointed and directed for the application thereof, be the same by deed, will, donation, gift, agreement, or otherwise, and to no other use and purpose whatsoever.

7. The general agent in Ireland for the time being of the Appointment Honourable the Irish Society shall be the treasurer of Foyle of trea8urer* College.

8. The governing body may from time to time make, ordain, Governing and establish such rules, orders, regulations, and byelaws, and w&"gymake from time to time amend, alter, or repeal the same or any of

them, for the regulating, governing, and managing of Foyle College, and all erections, buildings, works, matters, and things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of t)ie head-

39G

Ch. 79.

Foyle College.

37 & 38 Vict.

Byelaws to be approved by the Lord Lieutenant.

Appointment of head-master.

Dismissal of head-master.

Subject to approval of Lord Lieutenant.

master and other masters, assistants, and teachers, and all persons to be employed or in anywise concerned in such college, and for the granting of and regulating all salaries and other allowances, as to the governing body shall seem just and reasonable: Provided always, that no such order, rule, regulation, or byelaw be repugnant to or inconsistent with the laws of that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, or contrary to the directions and provisions in this Act contained.

9. No such order, rule, regulation, or byelaw shall be good, valid, or effectual, nor shall any such order, rule, regulation, or byelaw be amended, altered, or repealed, unless and until such order, rule, regulation, or byelaw, or any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any such order, rule, regulation, or byelaw, shall have been submitted to and allowed and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being, who is hereby empowered and required, on request from time to time made by or on behalf of the governing body, to peruse and examine such orders, rules, regulations, and byelaws as shall from time to time be made, altered, amended, or repealed by the governing body in pursuance of this Act, and laid before him the said Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being, and to allow and approve of or to disallow and disapprove of the same or any part thereof, or to allow and approve of or to disallow and disapprove of the repeal of the whole or any part thereof, as to him shall from time to time seem proper and expedient, and for doing thereof no fee or reward shall be paid or taken.

10. On and from the rpassing of this Act the right of nominating and appointing the head-master of Foyle College at all times hereafter shall vest absolutely in the said bishop and the said governor.

11. The said bishop and the said governor shall have power from time to time at their discretion, and if in their opinion it shall be right, expedient, or necessary, to dismiss the headmaster of Foyle College for the time being, such dismissal to be testified by a writing under their hands.

12. Provided always, that every appointment or dismissal of a head-master of the said college by the said bishop and governor shall be subject to the approbation of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being testified by writing under his hand, and all such appointments or dismissals as shall not receive such approbation as aforesaid shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and in such and the like manner in all respects as if the same had not been made, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

1874*.

Foyle College.

Ch. 79.

397

13. From and after the passing of this Act the Acts con- Repeal of Acts tained in the third schedule to this Act annexed are repealed: in schedule. Provided that such repeal shall not affect the validity or invalidity of any appointment already made, or any instrument or thing already executed, made, done, or suffered, or any right or title already acquired or accrued, or any remedy in respect thereof, or any release or discharge of any debt, claim, or demand, or the proof of any past act or thing.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

The site of Foyle College in the city of Londonderry, containing by admeasurement 3a. 3r. 19p. Irish plantation measure, abutting upon the Strand Road, leading from Derry to Muff, which was formerly described as a piece or parcel of ground containing about four acres (more or less) situate within the north liberties oi the city of Londonderry, about one mile and a half from the said city, and lying between the road leading to Buncrana and the road leading to Muff.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

A piece of land in the city of Londonderry, containing 2a. 1r. 22p. Irish plantation measure, bounded on the front or west by the Old or Black Bush Road, leading from Derry to Buncrana, on the east by the land described in the first schedule annexed to this Act, on the north by premises called Richmond, and on the south by the grounds of the Londonderry Lunatic Asylum, and situate in that part of the city of Londonderry formerly known as a portion of the north liberties thereof.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

48 George III. c. 77. - An Act to enable His Majesty to vest the right of appointment of master of the Free School of Londonderry, in the city and county of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for time being.

49 George III. c. 59. - An Act for vesting a workhouse and premises situate in the city of Londonderry, in trustees to be sold, and for applying the purchase money in building another school-house, and for better regulating the same.

Ch. 80.

Royal Irish Constabulary. 37 & 38 Vict.

Interpretation of terms.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to fix revised salaries for constabulary force.

CHAPTER 80.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Royal Irish Constabulary.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to amend the laws relating to the Royal Irish Constabulary:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PreUmi/nary.

1# The following terms in this Act have the meanings herein-after assigned to them; (that is to say,)

"Lord Lieutenant" means the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland:

" Constabulary force" means the Royal Irish Constabulary: " Members of the constabulary force" means inspector general, deputy inspector general, assistant inspector general, commandant of the depot, surgeon, veterinary surgeon, and every county inspector, sub-inspector, barrack master of the depot, head constable, constable, acting constable, and sub-constable of the constabulary force:

" Head and other constables" means every head constable, constable, acting constable, and sub-constable of the constabulary force:

The term "county " shall extend to and include county of a city, county of a town, county of a town and city, city and county and borough, in which there is a grand jury or town council exercising the powers of a grand jury as to presentments:

2. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, notwithstanding the limitations in any Act contained, to fix and appoint such revised annual salaries as to him may from time to time seem proper, subject to the conditions herein-after specified, to be paid in such manner and subject to such regulations and provisions as he may direct, to the several persons herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

1. To the inspector general, to the deputy inspector general,

to the three assistant inspectors general, one being styled commandant of the depot, and to the barrack master, such annual salaries respectively as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may approve:

2. To the surgeon of the force, an annual salary not exceeding four hundred pounds:

3. To the inspector of constabulary for the town of Belfast,

an annual salary not exceeding six hundred pounds:

1874.

Royal Irish Constabulary.

Ch. 80.

4. To each county inspector of the first class, an annual

salary not exceeding three hundred and fifty pounds:

5. To each county inspector of the second class, an annual

salary not exceeding three hundred pounds:

6. To each sub-inspector of the first class, an annual salary

not exceeding two hundred and twenty-five pounds: r-

7. To each sub-inspector of the second class, an annual salary

not exceeding one hundred and sixty-five pounds:

8. To the head constable major, an annual salary not exceeding one hundred and four pounds:

9. To each head constable of the first class, an annual salary

not exceeding ninety-one pounds:

10. To twelve head constables of the first class, of long service or superior merit, but ineligible for further promotion, an addition to their respective salaries under this Act of ten pounds per annum each:

11. To each head constable of the second class, an annual salary not exceeding eighty-three pounds four shillings:

12. To twelve head constables of the second class, of long service or superior merit, but ineligible for further promotion, an addition to their respective salaries under this Act of ten pounds per annum:

13. To each constable, an annual salary not exceeding seventy-two pounds sixteen shillings:

14. To sixty constables, of long service or superior merit,

but ineligible for promotion, an addition to their respective salaries under this Act of four pounds per annum each:

15. To each acting constable, an annual salary not exceeding sixty-seven pounds twelve shillings:

16. To each sub-constable of twenty years service and upwards, an annual salary of sixty-two pounds eight shillings:

17. To each sub-constable of fourteen years and under twenty years service, an annual salary of fifty-nine pounds sixteen shillings:

18. To each sub-constable of eight years and under fourteen years service, an annual salary of fifty-seven pounds four shillings:

19. To each sub-constable of four years and under eight years service, an annual salary not exceeding fifty-four pounds twelve shillings:

20. To each sub-constable of six months and under four years service, an annual salary not exceeding fifty-two pounds:

21. To each sub-constable of less than six months service, a salary at a rate not exceeding thirty-nine pounds per annum:

Such salaries to take effect from and after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to

LI 2

399

Royal Irish Constabulary. 37 & 38 Vict.

continue to be paid until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to be in addition to the good service pay at present authorised, viz., to five county inspectors, fifty pounds per annum each; to six sub-inspectors of the first class, thirty pounds per annuip. each; and to twenty-three sub-inspectors, whether of the second or third class, twelve pounds per annum each.

Superannua-

tion.

3. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, under the conditions herein-after mentioned, to direct that any head or other constable appointed after the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six may be superannuated, and receive a gratuity or yearly pension not exceeding the proportion of his salary stated in the scale herein-after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any two or more of them, upon the recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant, to direct that any officer of the constabulary force, that is to say, any inspector general, deputy inspector general, assistant inspector general, commandant of the dep6t, surgeon, veterinary surgeon, county inspector, barrack master of the depdt, or sub-inspector appointed after the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, may be superannuated, and may receive a gratuity or yearly pension not exceeding the proportion of his salary stated in the scale herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

1. A gratuity of one month's salary for each year's service

when such service has exceeded five years and been less than fifteen years:

2. On completion of fifteen years service, an annual pension

of fifteen fiftieths of the salary may be granted, and an increase of one fiftieth for each successive year up to thirty years service completed:

3. After thirty years service, or after the person to be

superannuated has attained the age of sixty years, the pension to be equal to thirty fiftieths of the salary, or to a larger proportion in cases of extraordinary merit or good conduct; provided that the particulars constituting such merit or conduct shall be set forth in the authority granting the pension, and that if the pension exceeds the amount which might have been granted for length of service only, it shall not be granted without the consent in writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

4. For injuries received at any time in the actual performance of duty, a pension may be granted of an amount in proportion to the injury received, not exceeding the full salary; provided that the grounds of disability shall be fully set forth in the authority granting the pension, and that if the pension exceeds

Ch. 80.

401

Royal Irish Constabulary.

the amount which might have been granted for length of service only, it shall not be granted without the consent in writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

Nothing herein contained shall entitle any member of the constabulary force absolutely to any superannuation allowance nor prevent him from being dismissed or discharged for misconduct or other sufficient cause without superannuation allowance; and no surgeon hereafter appointed, and no veterinary surgeon who is not required by the terms of his appointment to give up private practice, shall be entitled to any pension or retiring gratuity under this Act.

No such pension or gratuity shall be granted in any case except on the certificate of the surgeon of the force, or such other competent medical officer or officers as the Lord Lieutenant shall name for the purpose, that the person is incapable from infirmity of mind or body to discharge the duties of his situation and that such infirmity is likely to be permanent, and the certificate of the inspector general (or in the case of the inspector general's superannuation, then on the certificate of the chief secretary to the Lord Lieutenant), that he has served with diligence and fidelity: Provided that any member of the force who shall have served thirty years, or who has attained the age of sixty years or upwards, may upon his petition, be superannuated without such medical certificate.

Save as by this Act expressly provided, the provisions of an Saving rights. Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the tenth and eleventh years of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred, intituled An Act to regulate the superannuation allowances " of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and the Dublin " Metropolitan Police," shall apply to the members of the constabulary force in Ireland appointed before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not passed: Provided always, that any member of the constabulary force appointed as last aforesaid may be superannuated, if he so elect, according to the scale and on the conditions prescribed by this Act.

All pensions and gratuities granted to members of the constabulary force after the passing of this Act shall be computed according to the manner prescribed for the computation of superannuation allowances by section twelve of the Act of the session of the fourth and fifth years of the reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four.

In calculating any superannuation which shall be granted according to the scale and on the conditions prescribed by this Act to members of the constabulary force, whether appointed before or after the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, the term salary shall include all allowances for lodging, house rent, and servant: Provided always, that the allowance in respect of lodging or house rent shall

LI 3

Forfeiture of pension for misconduct.

Hate of charge upon counties for extra constabulary.

Ch. 80. Royal Irish Constabulary. 37 & 38 Vict.

not exceed one sixth of the actual salary and other emoluments.

4. Such pension shall be granted only upon the condition that it becomes forfeited, and may be withdrawn by the Lord Lieutenant, in any of the following cases:

1. On conviction of the grantee for any indictable offence:

2. On his knowingly associating with suspected persons,

thieves, or other offenders:

3. On his refusing to give information and assistance to the

police whenever in his power for the detection and apprehension of criminals, and for the suppression of any disturbance of the public peace:

4. If it shall be discovered that the pension or retiring

allowance of such person was granted upon statements or pretences which were to his knowledge false, or if he enter into or continue to carry on any business, occupation, or employment which shall be in the opinion of the Lord Lieutenant disgraceful or injurious to the public, or in which he shall make use of the fact of his former employment in the constabulary force in a manner which the Lord Lieutenant considers to be discreditable and improper.

5. Section 12 of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to amend an Act to " consolidate the laws relating to the Constabulary Force in " Ireland," shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that where one moiety of the costs and expenses of any constabulary force is chargeable to any county or any part or district of a county, or any county of a city or county of a town, or borough or town in Ireland, there shall be charged to each such county, or part or district thereof, or county of a city orrcounty of a town, or any such borough or town, such sum or sums as may be due at the rates per annum following:

For each sub-inspector, one moiety of the sum of one hundred and eighty-four pounds and seven shillings;

For each head-constable, one moiety of the sum of eighty-six pounds and twelve shillings.

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, with the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from time to time to fix and determine the further rates of charge to be paid by every such county, or part or district thereof, or county of a city or county of a town, or borough or town, on an average of the entire force of constables, acting constables, and sub-constables in Ireland, regard being had to the rate of pay sanctioned by this Act, and to the cost of clothing, medical attendance, barrack aocommo-

dation, fuel, local travelling expenses, and extra pay Of such constables and other constables when absent from quarters.

And in all cases where, under the laws now in force, the whole of the costs and expenses of any constabulary force is chargeable to any county, or any part or district of a county, or any county of a city or county of a town, or any borough or town, in Ireland, there shall be charged to each such county, or part or district of such county, or county of a city, county of a town, borough, or town, per annum, the full cost of such constabulary force calculated in the manner last mentioned.

6. From and after the passing of this Act, in all cases Rate of charge where members of the constabulary force shall be required to upon Public keep the peace in the neighbourhood of railway works or conSluliy1 other public works in Ireland, the costs and expenses of such protection, members, calculated according to the rates in the preceding

section mentioned, shall be charged upon the company or other parties carrying on such railway or other public works; and all sums so charged shall be payable to the inspector general, who shall pay over the same to Her Majesty's Exchequer in like manner as any other money payable thereto.

7. When any head or other constable shall hold any canteen Canteen, under proper authority of the inspector general, it shall be lawful for any two justices within their respective jurisdictions to grant a certificate authorising the grant or transfer

of any beer, wine, or spirit license to such persons without regard to time of year or to the notices required by any Act in respect of such licenses, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or their proper officers within their respective districts, shall, upon production of such certificates, grant licenses as aforesaid; and any such constable so holding a canteen and having such license may sell therein victuals and intoxicating liquors as empowered by such license, without being subject to any penalty or forfeiture; and so much of any Act as provides that any head or other constable who shall sell any beer, wine, or spirituous liquors shall be subject to any disqualification, loss of salary, or any other penalty, shall not apply to any such constable as aforesaid.

8. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant (if he shall so Two shillings think fit) to order and direct that two shillings per week shall ^In^iTBelfast be paid by way of special allowance to head and other con- and London-stables whilst serving in the town of Belfast and in the deny, borough of Londonderry, with a view to meet the extra expense to which the men serving therein respectively are subject as compared with the remainder of the constabulary force; and the said additional sums shall be paid in like manner and out of the like funds as the pay of such head and other constables.

When any money or goods shall be found and shall be As to undelivered over to any constable, or when any goods or money cIaimetl moneJ

Ch. 80.

Royal Irish Constabulary. 37 & 38 Vict.

and goods found or stolen.

Amendment of 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 13. s. 18. as

to disabilities of members of constabulary force.

Estimate of charge to be presented to Parliament.

Constabulary force fund.

Repeal of enactments.

charged to be stolen or unlawfully obtained, and of which the owner shall be unknown, shall be in the hands of any constable, it shall be lawful for the inspector general, after the expiration of twelve calendar months during which no owner shall have appeared to claim the same, to sell or dispose of such goods or money, and pay over such money or proceeds to Her Majesty's Exchequer in like manner as any other money payable thereto.

10. The disabilities imposed by the eighteenth section of the Act passed in the session of Parliament held} in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, chapter thirteen, shall not (except as to being elected or sitting as a member of the House of Commons) be taken or held to be applicable to any clerk in the office of the inspector general.

11. The Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be, submitted to Parliament annually an estimate of the sum which will from time to time be required to defray the expenditure which under this Act will be chargeable on moneys to be provided by Parliament.

12. From and after the passing of this Act the fund called the " Reward Fund," established under an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate the laws relating to the Constabulary " Force in Ireland," shall be called by the new name of the " Constabulary Force Fund," and all enactments relating to the said reward fund shall be read and interpreted as if throughout the said enactments, wherever the police reward fund is mentioned or any reference to the same occurs, the said new name were substituted; and the said enactments shall be construed with the modification following; (that }s to say,)

A deduction shall be made of such amount per cent, on the salary of each member of the constabulary force, not exceeding one and a half per cent, on the said salary, as the inspector general may with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant from time to time order and direct.

13. From and after the passing of this Act the enactments specified in the first column of the schedule to this Act annexed shall, to the extent specified in the second column of the said schedule, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Provided that such repeal shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or,

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under any enactment hereby repealed.

1874. Royal Irish Constabulary. Ch. 80, 81. 405

14. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Con- Short title, stabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874."

SCHEDULE.

Session and Number of Act. Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 75. - Section fifteen from " and provided further " to the end of that section.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 72. - Section six from " and shall be absent " to " more than five days/* both inclusive.

CHAPTER 81.

An Act to provide for the abolition of certain offices connected with the Great Seal, and to make better provision respecting the office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

[7th August 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and copsent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Great Seal (Offices) Act, 1874.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, ment of Act* which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. In this Act — Definition of

The expression "the Lord Chancellor" means the Lord terms.

High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the office of such Lord High Chancellor.

The expression "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

4. After the commencement of this Act the office of Abolition of messenger or pursuivant of the Great Seal shall as a separate office of office be abolished. sXnd

The powers and duties of the messenger or pursuivant of transfer of the Great Seal in relation to writs for the election of members duties-to serve in Parliament shall on the commencement of this

Ch. 81.

Great Seal Offices.

37 & 38 Vict.

Act be transferred to and vested in such officer as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time, with the approval of Her Majesty, appoint, and such officer may, if the Lord Chancellor so direct, be styled messenger of the Great Seal in lieu of or in addition to any other style denoting his office, and the Act of the session of the fifty-third year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter eighty-nine, intituled An Act for the more regular conveyance of writs for the election of " members to serve in Parliament/' so far as it is unrepealed, shall be construed as if the officer so appointed were therein substituted for the messenger or pursuivant of the Great Seal, with this qualification, that the deputy in that Act mentioned shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor in writing.

All other duties and powers required to be performed by or vested in the messenger or pursuivant of the Great Seal shall be performed by and vested in such officer as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct.

There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, to any officer to whom any duties and powers are transferred under this section, such additional salary or remuneration (if any) as the Treasury, upon the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor, may from time to time assign to him.

Power to 5. At any time after the commencement of this Act the

abolish office of Treasury may, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor Cettybagand an ^ie Master of the Rolls, abolish the office of clerk of ^anafer of the petty bag notwithstanding that there is no vacancy in the duties. office.

Upon the abolition of the office of clerk of the petty bag, all the duties and powers of the cursitors of the Court of Chancery, and all the duties and powers of the clerk of the petty bag with respect to solicitors, the administering of oaths, the attending with records, the enrolment of documents, the sealing and issuing of documents or writs with or under the Chancery common law seal, and other matters relating to the administration of justice (but excluding any writs or letters patent passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom), shall be performed by or vested in such officer of the Court of Chancery as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct, or alter the commencement of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, in such officer of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England as may from time to time be directed by rules of court under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, and any Act amending the same.

After the commencement of this Act all the duties and powers Other than those above mentioned in this section of the clerk of the petty bag, including all duties and powers relating to any writs or letters patent passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, shall be performed by and vested in the clerk of the Crown in Chancery or his officers in such manner as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct

1874. Great Seal Offices. Ch. 81. 407

If any doubt arise as to whether any duty or power of the clerk of the petty bag is or is not transferred to the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, such doubt shall be determined by the Lord Chancellor, whose decision shall be final.

The clerk of the petty bag shall, except so far as regards 1

the duties and powers transferred by this Act to the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, be deemed to be an officer attached to the Court of Chancery, within the meaning of section seventy-seven of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, and the powers and provisions contained in this Act shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of the powers and provisions contained in that section.

6« At any time after the commencement of this Act the Power to Treasury may, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, of^erk°o^the abolish the office of clerk of the patents. patents, and

Upon the abolition of the office of clerk of the patents, all transfer the

the duties and powers of the clerk of the patents shall be per- duties *

formed by and vested in the clerk of the Crown in Chancery

or his officers in such manner as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct.

Nothing in this section shall apply to the clerk of the Commissioners of Patents, so far as relates to letters patent under the Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852, and the Acts amending the same.

7. Upon the death or resignation of the person who at the Union of office* passing of this Act holds the office of purse-bearer to the Lord Se chamber Chancellor the office shall be abolished, and upon such abolition to the Great all duties and powers required to be performed by or vested Seal and P«we-in the said purse-bearer (including the duties of chaff wax LordChancel-sealer and deputy sealer now required to be performed by lor.

him) shall be performed by and vested in the gentleman of the chamber attending the Great Seal.

There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, to the gentleman of the chamber attending the Great Seal, such salary or remuneration, and upon the transfer to him of the duties and powers of purse-bearer to the Lord Chancellor, such additional salary or remuneration for those duties, as the Treasury may from time to time, upon the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor, assign to him.

8. It shall continue to be lawful for Her Majesty from time Unties and to time under Her Royal Sign Manual to appoint a fit person crownf to fill the office of clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

The clerk of the Crown in Chancery shall continue to perform the duties of the office of keeper or clerk of the hanaper, and shall continue to hold his office notwithstanding the demise of Her Majesty, her heirs or successors.

There shall be paid to any person appointed after the commencement of this Act to be clerk of the Crown in Chancery such salary as the Treasury may assign to him.

Ch. 81.

Great Seal Offices.

37 & 38 Vict.

Fees in office of clerk of the Crown, &c.

Transfer of records.

Provision as to existing officers in abolished offices.

The salaries of the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and of his officers, and the expenses of his office, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

9. The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may from time to time by order appoint the fees to be taken in the office of or by the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, or by any of his officers, or by any person performing the duties of messenger or pursuivant of the Great Seal, or gentleman of the chamber attending the Great Seal, or purse-bearer to the Lord Chancellor, or chaff wax sealer or deputy sealer, and may from time to time by order increase, reduce, add to, or abolish the fees for the time being taken in such office or by such officer; and the Public Offices Fees Act, 1866, shall apply to all such fees.

No fees other than those so appointed shall be taken in the said office or by any of the above-mentioned officers or persons.

Provided that until any such order is made, the fees existing at the commencement of this Act, including the fees payable in the office of the clerk of the petty bag and of the clerk of the patents in respect of matters the transaction of which is transferred by this Act to the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, shall continue to be taken in like manner as if this section had not passed.

Temporary Provisions.

10. All records, documents, and papers belonging to any of the offices affected by this Act shall, upon the transfer of the duties to which such records, documents, and papers relate, be transferred to the officers who will perform those duties in such manner as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct.

11. The persons who upon the abolition of the office of clerk of the petty bag, or the office of clerk of the patents, hold the office so abolished, or any office in connexion with the office so abolished, or receive any salary or remuneration for duties connected therewith, shall upon such abolition be transferred to the Court of Chancery, or if the abolition is after the commencement of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in England, and shall have the same rank and hold their offices by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions, and receive the same salaries or remuneration as theretofore; and the Lord Chancellor may from time to time assign to the officers transferred by this section such duties in relation to the business to be performed in any office connected with the Court of Chancery or Supreme Court of Judicature in England as he may think just, and the said officers shall perform those duties: Provided that the duties required to be performed by

Great Seal Offices.

Ch. 81.

409

them under this section shall be the same as or analogous to those which they have heretofore performed.

The Lord Chancellor may at any time, by order, release from the performance of any duties any officer transferred by this section, whose services he may deem unnecessary, and such person shall thereupon cease to hold office, and shall be entitled to compensation in manner provided by this Act.

The Treasury may, on the petition of any officer so released, inquire whether any, and, if any, what compensation ought to be made to the petitioner, regard being had to the conditions on which he was appointed to his office, the nature of his office or employment, and the duration of his service, and if they think that his claim to compensation is established, may award to him, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such compensation by way of annuity or otherwise as under the circumstances of the case they think just and reasonable: Provided that any compensation so granted shall be subject to the provisions of the twentieth section of the Act four and five William IV., chapter twenty-four, and of the eleventh section of the Act twenty-two Victoria, chapter twenty-six.

12. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, from and after the .commencement of this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of the schedule.

Provided that —

(1.) This repeal shall not diminish or affect the right of any person who, at the time of the commencement of this Act, holds any of the offices mentioned in, or receives any compensation, salary, remuneration, or allowance under any enactment hereby repealed, and such enactment shall, subject to the express provisions of this Act, continue to apply to such person so long as he holds such office, or is entitled to receive such compensation, salary, remuneration, or allowance:

(2.) This repeal shall not affect, —

(a.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or (6.) Any right, privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or (c.) Any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, or liability as aforesaid; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if this Act had not

(3.) This repeal shall not revive any enactment, right, office, privilege, matter, or thing not in force or existing at the commencement of this Act.

Repeal of Acts and parts of Acte in schedule.

410

Ch. 81.

Great Seal Offices.

37 & 38 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part firsi or last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

53 Geo. 3. c. 89.

3&4 Will. 4. c. 84.

5&6 Will. 4. c. 47.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 82.

7 & 8 Vict.

c. 77.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 94.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 109.

An Act for the more regular conveyance of writs for the election of members to serve in Parliament.

An Act to provide for the performance of the duties of certain offices connected with the Court of Chancery which have been abolished.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the third and fourth years of His present Majesty as relates to the amount of the salary granted to the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to make other provisions in relation to the said office.

An Act to abolish certain offices connected with fines and recoveries and the cursitors in the Court of Chancery, and to make provision for the abolition of certain offices in the superior courts of common law in England.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the fifth and sixth years of His late Majesty as relates to the salary of the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to make other provisions in respect of the said office.

An Act to regulate certain offices in the petty bag in the High Court of Chancery, the practice of the common law side of that court, and the enrolment office of the said court.

An Act to amend an Act to regulate certain offices in the petty bag in the High Court of Chancery, the practice of the common law side of that court, and the enrolment office of the said court.

Extent of Repeal.

Section four.

The whole Act, except so much of section two as relates to the Secretary of Presentations.

The whole Act.

Sections eight to twelve.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Sections one to five, and sections nine, ten, and twenty-two.

1874.

Great Seal Offices.

Ch. P<, 82.

411

Session and Chapter.

Title.

Extent of Repeal.

16 & 16 Vict. c. 87.

An Act for the relief of the suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 91.

The Courts of Justice, Salaries and Funds, Act, 1869.

Section twenty-three, except so far as it relates to the Secretary of Decrees and Injunctions, and section twenty-four, so far as it relates to the gentleman of the chamber attending the Great Seal and the purse-bearer to the Lord Chancellor.

So much as relates to the offices of the clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the offices of gentlemen of the chamber attending the Great Seal, or purse-bearer to the Lord Chancellor, or messenger to the Great Seal, or clerk of the petty bag, or to the fees of such clerk of the Crown, gentleman of the chamber attending the Great Seal, purse-bearer to the Lord Chan-

cellor, or messenger to the Great Seal, or to the fees of any business transferred by this Act* from the clerk of the petty bag to the clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

CHAPTER 82.

An Act to alter and amend the laws relating to the Appointment of Ministers to Parishes in Scotland.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the tenth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, chapter twelve, intituled An Act to restore the Patrons to their Ancient Rights " of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that part " of Great Britain called Scotland," and another Act was passed in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, chapter sixty-one, intituled An Act " to remove Doubts respecting the Admission of Ministers to " Benefices in that part of the United Kingdom called " Scotland," and it is expedient to repeal the same, and to provide otherwise for the appointment of ministers of the Church of Scotland as by law established:

[Extent of Act.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Repeal of Acts 10 Anne, c. 12., and 6 & 7 Vict. c. 61.

Appointment of ministers in fnture.

Compensation to private patrons.

Cu. 82. Church Patronage (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

And whereas Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify that she has placed at the disposal of Parliament her interest in the several rights of advocation, donation, and patronage of churches and parishes in Scotland belonging to her:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

2. Except in so far as otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, which date is hereinafter referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. From and after the commencement of this Act, the said Acts of the tenth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, chapter twelve, and the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-one, shall be repealed, and the right of electing and appointing ministers to vacant churches and parishes in Scotland is hereby declared to be vested in the congregations of such vacant churches and parishes respectively, subject to such regulations in regard to the mode of naming and proposing such ministers by means of a committee chosen by the congregation, and of conducting the election and of making the appointment by the congregation as may from time to time be framed by the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, or which after the passing of this Act, but before the next meeting of the said General Assembly, may be framed by the commission of the last General Assembly duly convened for the purpose of making interim regulations thereanent: Provided always, that, with respect to the admission and settlement of ministers appointed in terms of this Act, nothing herein contained shall affect or prejudice the right of the said Church, in the exercise of its undoubted powers to try the qualifications of persons appointed to vacant parishes; and the courts of the said Church are hereby declared to have the right to decide finally and conclusively upon the appointment, admission, and settlement in any church and parish of any person as minister thereof. The ministers appointed, admitted, and settled in terms of this Act are hereby declared to have in all respects the same rights, privileges, and duties which now belong to or are incumbent on the ministers of the said Church.

4. In all cases in which the patronage of a parish is held either solely or jointly by a private patron, or any guardian or trustee on his behalf, it shall be lawful for him, or for such guardian or trustee, at any time within six months after the passing of this Act, to present a petition to the sheriff of the

1874. Church Patronage (Scotland). Ch. 82. 413

county (and when the parish is partly in two or more counties, the petition may be presented to the sheriff of any one of such counties), praying him to determine the compensation to be paid to such patron in respect of the operation of this Act; but it shall not be incumbent on any such patron, or upon any guardian or trustee for such patron, whether the patronage is held upon a fee simple title or under a deed of entail or other limited title, to present such petition; and if no such petition shall be presented within the said period, it shall be held and taken that the claim for such compensation has been renounced, and no claim therefor shall afterwards be competent in any manner of way. No compensation in respect of the operation of this Act shall be paid to Her Majesty, or to any patron other than a private patron.

5. Upon any petition for the determination of the compen- Procedure sation payable under this Act being presented, the sheriff shall before Sheriff* order it to be intimated to the minister of the parish to which the petition relates, and to the clerk of the presbytery of the bounds, and, after the expiry of the inducise of twenty-one days, whether *with or without answers, shall first inquire as to the title of the petitioner, and, if he shall be satisfied thereof, he shall proceed to determine the amount of such compensation, which shall be equal to one year s stipend of the parish to which the petition relates when the petitioner is sole patron, and such proportion thereof as to the sheriff shall seem just when the petitioner is a joint patron; and the sheriff shall pronounce an inteiiocutor finding and declaring that, on the occurrence of a vacancy in the parish, the petitioner, or those in his right, shall be entitled, unless the sum shall be otherwise provided, to receive from the heritors payment of the amount of compensation found due, by four equal yearly instalments out of the first four years stipend, which, but for the passing of this Act, would have been wholly payable by them to the minister to be appointed on the occurrence of said vacancy, or his successor in such parish, or in the case of the appointment of an assistant and successor out of the first four years stipend, which, but for the passing of this Act, would have been wholly payable after the date of such appointment to the minister of such parish; and the petitioner, or those in his right, shall have the same or the like remedies for recovery of said compensation which a minister has for the recovery of his stipend: Provided that where the patron is himself an heritor of the parish he shall be entitled to retain and appropriate the sum or sums of stipend which, had he not been himself the patron, would under the operation of this Act have been payable by him to the patron of the parish.

6. The interlocutors or judgments of the sheriff pronounced Sheriff's judg-under this Act shall not be subject to review by any superior ments finaL

Mm3

Ch. 82.

Appointment by presbytery tanquam jure devoluto.

Provision for case of small congregations.

Repeal of inconsistent statutes.

Interpretation

clause.

Church Patronage (Scotland).

37 & 38 Vict.

court, but where they have been pronounced by the sheriff substitute or steward substitute, they shall be subject to review by the sheriff or steward: Provided always, that it shall be competent for the Court of Session by act of sederunt to regulate the proceedings before the sheriff under this Act.

7. (1.) If on occasion of a vacancy in any parish no appointment of a minister shall be made by the congregation within the space of six months after the vacancy has occurred, the right of appointment shall accrue and belong for that time to the presbytery of the bounds where such parish is, who may proceed to appoint a minister to the said parish tanquam jure devoluto:

(2.) If at any time after the passing of this Act, and prior to the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, it shall appear to the presbytery of the bounds that the number of the communicants of any vacant church and parish to which no presentation had been issued before the passing hereof is less than twenty-five, it shall not be lawful to take any proceedings for the appointment, admission, and settlement of a minister until after the said first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; the jus devolutum in the case of any such vacancy shall not come into operation until after the first day. of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, although more than six months may have elapsed from the occurrence of such vacancy.

8. All laws, statutes, and usages inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed; but nothing in this Act contained shall affect or interfere with the appointment of the minister first appointed as the minister of any new parish quoad sacra, or the right to teind now possessed by or competent to any patron or titular, or the right of ann, or the laws now in force in regard to the disposal of vacant stipends; nor shall anything contained in this Act, except the provisions of the second sub-section of section seven, affect or interfere with any proceedings following upon or arising out of a presentation issued before the commencement of this Act *

9. The word "minister" shall include assistant and successor; the word " guardian " shall include tutors and curators of pupils or minors or of persons labouring under incapacity or disability, and factors loco tutoris and factors loco absentis; the word "sheriff" shall include steward, sheriff substitute, and steward substitute; the words " one year's stipend " shall be construed to mean the sum which, on an average of the three preceding years, the minister has received in name of stipend out of the teinds of the parish; the words "private patron" shall mean and include all patrons of churches and parishes, whether single or joint, other than Her

1874.

415

Church Patronage (Scotland). Ch. 82, 83.

Majesty and her royal successors, and burgh corporations, universities, or trustees constituted commissioners, officers, or persons acting in a public capacity; the word " parish " shall include united parishes, and also parishes quoad sacra as well as parishes quoad omnia, and where in any church and parish there is more than one benefice, each benefice shall be dealt with and regarded as if it were a separate parish; the words " vacancy " and " vacant " shall include and refer to the occasion of the appointment of an assistant and successor, as well as the occasion of an ordinary vacancy; the word u congregation 99 shall mean and include communicants and such other adherents of the church as the kirk session under regulations to be framed by the General Assembly or commission thereof, as provided in the third section hereof, may determine to be members of the congregation for the purposes of this Act;" heritors" shall mean heritors liable in payment of stipend.

CHAPTER 83.

An Act for delaying the coming into operation of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the time appointed for the commencement of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The second section of the Supreme Court of Judicature Repeal of

Act, 1873, is hereby repealed. 36 37 Jlct *

2. The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, except any Commence-provisions thereof directed to take effect on the passing of the ment of Su-said Act, shall commence and come into operation on the first of XdiStoe day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy- Act, 1873. five, and the said first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five shall be taken to be the time appointed for the commencement of the said Act.

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Supreme Short title of Court of Judicature (Commencement) Act, 1874. Act *

Ch. 84. Commissioners of Works & Public Buildgs. 37 & 38 Vict.

41C

[Short title.]

Commissioners incorporated by 14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. to have the powers conferred on subsequent Commissioners.

Dissolution of Corporation, reated subsequent to 14 & 15 Vict.

CHAPTER 84.

An Act to regulate the Incorporation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS there are divers Corporations created by the various Acts of Parliament mentioned in the first schedule to this Act, and now subsisting under the same name of "The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings," and the Commissioners for the time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings are also incorporated under the name of the Battersea Park Commissioners, by the Act mentioned in the second schedule to this Act, and it is expedient that all such Corporations should be amalgamated:

And whereas it is also expedient that certain royal properties now under the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues should be placed under the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Works and Public Buildings Act, 1874."

2. The Commissioners for the time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings as incorporated, by and for the purposes of the Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of Her Majesty, chapter forty-two, are hereby declared to be, and shall be a Corporation to all intents and purposes, and as such shall have and hold, and may exercise not only all the estates, property, interests, privileges, and powers now vested in or enjoyed by them under that Act, but also all estates, property, interests, privileges, and powers now vested in or held or enjoyed by the Commissioners4of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings as a Corporation imder the Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth years of Her Majesty, chapter twenty-eight, or any subsequent Act, and in or by the Battersea Park Commissioners.

3. The Corporation of the Battersea Park Commissioners, and all Corporations existing under the name of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, except the Corporation hereby confirmed, are hereby dissolved, but not so as to aficct prejudicially any existing rights or pending proceedings; and the continuing Corporation shall

417

1874. Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings. Ch. 84.

perform all the duties, and be subject to and bear and discharge all the existing liabilities of all the dissolved Corporations out of the funds applicable to the same respectively, and shall have the benefit of all covenants and agreements entered into with any of the dissolved Corporations.

4. The first Commissioner and the other Commissioners for Powers of Com-the time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, missioners-and all officers of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works

and Public Buildings, shall retain and have for the purposes of this Act in relation to the Corporation hereby confirmed all the powers and authorities given to or enjoyed by them in relation to any of the Corporations hereby dissolved, and also all the powers and authority given to or enjoyed by them by or under the said Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth years and the fifteenth and sixteenth years of Her Majesty.

5. From and after the passing of this Act the Royal Palace Transfer of of Dunfermline or ruins thereof, and so much of the land adjacent thereto as is now vested in or belongs to Her Majesty from Commis-in right of Her Crown, and also the Royal Palace of Lin- sioners of

lithgow or ruins thereof, and the peel Or park surrounding the

i. t i \ i -, missioners ot

same, with the adjacent loch, also the Kings (harden and Works.

Knott, being part of the Crown estate, Stirling, shall be and

+the same are hereby transferred from the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, as if the said palaces and lands had been included in the twenty-second section of the said Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of Her Majesty, chapter forty-two.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. An Act to make better provision for the management of the woods, forests, and land revenues of the Crown, and for the direction of public works and buildings.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 28. An Act to amend an Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of Her present Majesty for the direction of public works and buildings, and *to vest the buildings appropriated for the accommodation of the supreme courts of justice in Edinburgh in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 29. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to inclose and lay out Kennington Common, in the county of Surrey, as pleasure grounds for the recreation of the public.

418

Ch. 84. Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings. 37 & 38 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 46. An Act to transfer Westminster Bridge and the estates of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and to enable such last-mentioned Commissioners to remove the present bridge and to build a new bridge on or near the site thereof.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 95. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to provide additional offices for the public service in or near Downing Street, Westminster.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 40. An Act to confer powers on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, and adjacent property, for the erection of a new General Post Office, and for other purposes.

22 Vict. c. 19. An Act to make further provision for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a site for additional offices for the public service near Whitehall and Her Majesty's Palace at Westminster.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 16. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a site for the purposes of Her Majesty's Court of Probate and other courts and offices.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 58. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional space for the western approach to Westminster New Bridge.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 117. An Act to confer powers on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire certain property in Edinburgh for the erection of an industrial museum for Sootland.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 49. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire a site for the erection and concentration of courts of justice and for the various offices belonging to the same.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 77. An Act to alter and extend the powers of an Act of the ninth and tenth years of Her Majesty's reign, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a royal park " in Battersea Fields, in the county of Surrey.

Public Worship Regulation.

Ch. 85.

419

CHAPTER 85.

An Act for the better administration of the Laws respecting the regulation of Public Worship.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in certain cases further regulations should be made for the administration of the laws relating to the performance of divine service according to the use of the Church of England:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Public Worship Regulation Act, 1874.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, except ment of Act' where expressly herein-after provided.

3. This Act shall extend to that part of the United King- Extent of Act. dom called England, to the Channel Islands, and the Isle of

Man.

Proceedings

4. Proceedings taken under this Act shall not be deemed Act

to be such proceedings as are mentioned in the Act of the deemed pro-third and fourth year of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter ceedings under eighty-six, section twenty-three.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 86. s. 23.

5. Nothing in this Act contained, save as herein expressly Saving of provided, shall be construed to affect or repeal any jurisdiction 3uris(iiction* which may now be in force for the due administration of ecclesiastical law.

6. In this Act the following terms shall, if not inconsistent Interpretation with the context, be thus interpreted — of terms *

The term "bishop" means the archbishop or bishop of the " Bishop." diocese in which the church or burial ground is situate to which a representation relates:

The term "Book of Common Prayer" means the book "Bookof annexed to the Act of the fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, chapter four, intituled " The " Book of Common Prayer, and Administration of the " Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the " Church, according to the use of the Church of England;

" together with the Psalter or Psalms of David, pointed " as they are to be sung or said in churches; and the " form or manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating " of Bishops, Priests, and Deaconstogether with such alterations as have from time to time been or may hereafter be made in the said book by lawful authority:

" Burial ground."

" Church."

" Diocese."

" Incumbent."

44 Parish."

u Parishioner. '

" Barrister-at-law."

" Rules and orders."

Appointment and duties of judge.

Ch. 85. Pvhlic Worship Regulation. 37 & 38 Vict.

The term "burial ground" means any churchyard, cemetery, or burial ground, or the part of any cemetery or burial ground, in which, at the burial of any corpse therein, the order for the burial of the dead contained in the Book of Common Prayer is directed by law to be used: The term "church" means any church, chapel, or place of public worship in which the incumbent is by law or by the terms of license from the bishop required to conduct divine service according to the Book of Common Prnyer:

The term "diocese" means the diocese in which the church or burial ground is situate to which a representation relates, and comprehends all places which are situate within the limits of such diocese:

The term "incumbent" means the person or persons in holy orders legally responsible for the due performance of divine service in any church, or of the order for the burial of the dead in any burial ground:

The term parish" means any parish, ecclesiastical district, chapelry, or place, over which any incumbent has the exclusive cure of souls:

The term "parishioner v means a male person of full age who' before making any representation under this Act has transmitted to the bishop under his hand the declaration contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act, and who has, and for one year next before taking any proceeding under this Act has had, his usual place of abode in the parish within which the church or burial ground is situate, or for the use of which the burial ground is legally provided to which the representation relates:

The term "barrister-at-law" shall in the Isle of Man include advocate:

The term "rules and orders" means the rules and orders framed under the provisions of this Act.

7. The Archbishop of Canterbury and the Archbishop of York may, but subject to the approval of Her Majesty to be signified under Her Sign Manual, appoint from time to time a barrister-at-law who has been in actual practice for ten years, or a person who has been a judge of one of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or of any court to which the jurisdiction of any such court has been or may hereafter be transferred by authority of Parliament, to be, during good behaviour, a judge of the Provincial Courts of Canterbury and York, herein-after called the judge.

If the said archbishops shall not, within six months after the passing of this Act, or within six months after the occurrence of any vacancy in the office, appoint the said judge, Her Majesty may by Letters Patent appoint some person, qualified as aforesaid, to be such judge.

Public Worship Regulation.

Cfl. 85.

421

Whensoever a vacancy shall occur in the-office of official principal of the Arches Court of Canterbury, the judge shall become ex officio such official principal, and all proceedings thereafter taken before the judge in relation to matters arising within the province of Canterbury shall be deemed to be taken in the Arches Court of Canterbury; and whensoever a vacancy shall occur in the office of official principal or auditor of the Chancery Court of York, the judge shall become ex officio such official principal or auditor, and all proceedings thereafter taken before the judge in relation to matters arising within the province of York shall be deemed to be taken in the Chancery Court of York; and whensoever a vacancy shall occur in the office of Master of the Faculties to the Archbishop of Canterbury, such judge shall become ex officio such Master of the Faculties.

Every person appointed to be a judge under this Act shall be a member of the Church of England, and shall, before entering on his office, sign the declaration in Schedule (A.) to this Act; and if at any time any such judge shall cease to be a member of the Church, his office shall thereupon be vacant.

This section shall come into operation immediately after the passing of this Act.

8. If the archdeacon of the archdeaconry, or a church- Representation warden of the parish, or any three parishioners of the parish, churchwwdCenn, within which archdeaconry or parish any church or burial parishioners, or ground is situate, or for the use of any part of which any burial inhabitants of ground is legally provided, or in case of cathedral or collegiate dioce8e* churches, any three inhabitants of the diocese, being male persons of full age, who have signed and transmitted to the bishop under their hands the declaration contained in Schedule (A.) under this Act, and who have, and for one year next before taking any proceeding under this Act have had, their usual place of abode in the diocese within which the cathedral or collegiate church is situated, shall be of opinion, —

(1.) That in such church any alteration in or addition to the fabric, ornaments, or furniture thereof has been made without lawful authority, or that any decoration forbidden by law has been introduced into such church; or,

(2.) That the incumbent has within the preceding twelve months used or permitted to be used in such church or burial ground any unlawful ornament of the minister of the church, or neglected to use any prescribed ornament or vesture; or,

(3.) That] the incumbent has within the preceding twelve months failed to observe, or to cause to be observed, the directions contained in the Book of Common Prayer relating to the performance, in such church

422

Ch. 85.

Public Worship Regulation. 37 & 38 Vict.

or burial ground, of the services, rites, and ceremonies ordered by the said book, or has made or permitted to be made any unlawful addition to, alteration of, or omission from such services, rites, and ceremonies, — such archdeacon, churchwarden, parishioners, or such inhabitants of the diocese, may, if he or they think fit, represent the same to the bishop, by sending to the bishop a form, as contained in Schedule (B.) to this Act, duly filled up and signed, and accompanied by a declaration made by him or them under the Act of the fifth and sixth year of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-two, affirming the truth of the statements contained in the representation: Provided that no proceedings shall be taken under this Act as regards any alteration in or addition to the fabric of a church if such alteration or addition has been completed five years before the commencement of such proceedings.

Proceedings on representation.

9. Unless the bishop shall be of opinion, after considering the whole circumstances of the case, that proceedings should not be taken on the representation, (in which case he shall state in writing the reason for his opinion, and such statement shall be deposited in the registry of the diocese, and a copy thereof shall forthwith be transmitted to the person or some one of the persons who shall have made the representation, and to the person complained of,) he shall within twenty-one days after receiving the representation transmit a copy thereof to the person complained of, and shall require such person, and also the person making the representation, to state in writing within twenty-one days whether they are willing to submit to the directions of the bishop touching the matter of the said representation, without appeal; and, if they shall state their willingness to submit to the directions of the bishop without appeal, the bishop shall forthwith proceed to hear the matter of the representation in such manner as he shall think fit, and shall pronounce such judgment and issue such monition (if any) as he may think proper, and no appeal shall lie from such judgment or monition.

Provided that no judgment so pronounced by the bishop shall be considered as finally deciding any question of law so that it may not be again raised by other parties.

The parties may, at any time after the making of a representation to the bishop, join in stating any questions arising in such proceedings in a special case signed by a barrister-at-law for the opinion of the judge, and the parties after signing and transmitting the same to the bishop may require it to be transmitted to the judge for hearing, and the judge shall hear and determine the question or questions arising thereon, and any judgment pronounced by the bishop shall be in conformity with such determination.

1874. Public Worship Regulation. Ch. 85. 42S

If the person making the representation and the person complained of shall not, within the time aforesaid, state their willingness to submit to the directions of the bishop, the bishop shall forthwith transmit the representation in the mode prescribed by the rules and orders to the archbishop of the province, and the archbishop shall forthwith require the judge to hear the matter of the representation at any place within the diocese or province, or in London or Westminster.

The judge shall give not less than twenty-eight days notice to the parties of the time and place at which he wall proceed to hear the matter of the said representation. The judge before proceeding to give such notice shall require from the person making the representation such security for costs as the judge may think proper, such security to be given in the manner prescribed by the rules and orders.

The person complained of shall within twenty-one days after such notice transmit to the judge, and to the person making the representation, a succinct answer to the representation, and in default of such answer he shall be deemed to have '

denied the truth or relevancy of the representation.

In all proceedings before the judge under this Act the evidence shall be given viv& voce, in open court, and upon oath; and the judge shall have the powers of a court of record, and may require and enforce the attendance of witnesses, and the production of evidences, books, or writings, in the like manner as a judge of one of the superior courts of law or equity, or of any court to which the jurisdiction of any such court has been or may hereafter be transferred by authority of Parliament.

Unless the parties shall both agree that the evidence shall be taken down by a shorthand writer, and that a special case shall not be stated, the judge shall state the facts proved before him in the form of a special case, similar to a special case stated under the Common Law Procedure Acts, 1852-1854.

The judge shall pronounce judgment on the matter of the representation, and shall deliver to the parties, on application, and to the bishop, a copy of the special case, if any, and judgment.

The judge shall issue such monition (if any) and make such order as to costs as the judgment shall require.

Upon every judgment of the judge, or monition issued in accordance therewith, an appeal shall lie, in the form prescribed by rules and orders, to Her Majesty in Council

The judge may, on application in any case, suspend the execution of such monition pending an appeal, if he shall think fit. 10

10. The registrar of the diocese, or his deputy duly ap- Registrar of pointed, shall perform such duties in relation to this Act and dioceseto

424

perform duties under the Act.

Parties may appear in person or by coun sel, &c.

No fresh evidence to be admitted on appeal.

Inhibition of incumbent.

shall receive such fees as may be prescribed by the rules and orders.

11. In any proceedings under this Act either party may appear either by himself in person or by counsel, or by any proctor or any attorney or solicitor.

12. For the purpose of an appeal to Her Majesty in Council under this Act, the special case settled by the judge, or a copy of the shorthand writer's notes, as the case may be, shall be transmitted in the manner prescribed by rules and orders, and no fresh evidence shall be admitted upon appeal except by the permission of the tribunal hearing the appeal.

13. Obedience by an incumbent to a monition or order of the bishop or judge, as the case may be, shall be enforced, if necessary, in the manner prescribed by rules and orders, by an order inhibiting the incumbent from performing any service of the church, or otherwise exercising the cure of souls within the diocese for a term not exceeding three months; provided that at the expiration of such term the inhibition shall not be relaxed until the incumbent shall, by writing under his hand, in the form prescribed by the rules and orders, undertake to pay due obedience to such monition or order, or to the part thereof which shall not have been annulled; provided that if such inhibition shall remain in force for more than three years from the date of the issuing of the monition, or from the final determination of an appeal therefrom, whichever shall last happen, or if a second inhibition in regard to the same monition shall be issued within three years from the relaxation of an inhibition, any benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment held by the incumbent in the parish in which the church or burial ground is situate, or for the use of which the burial ground is legally provided, in relation to which church or burial ground such monition has been issued as aforesaid, shall thereupon become void, unless the bishop shall, for some special reason stated by him in writing, postpone for a period not exceeding three months the date at which, unless such inhibition be relaxed, such benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment shall become void as aforesaid; and upon any such avoidance it shall be lawful for the patron of such benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment to appoint, present, collate, or nominate to the same as if such incumbent were dead; and the provisions contained in the Act of the first and second year of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, section fifty-eight, in reference to notice to the patron and as to lapse, shall be applicable to any benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment avoided under this Act; and it shall not be lawful for the patron at any time to appoint, present, collate, or nominate to such benefice or such other ecclesiastical preferment the incumbent by whom the same was avoided under this Act.

1874.

PvMic Worship Regulation.

Ch. 85.

425

The bishop may, during such inhibition, unless he is satisfied that due provision is otherwise made for the spiritual charge of the parish, make due provision for the service of the church and the cure of souls, and it shall be lawful for the bishop to raise the sum required from time to time for such provision by sequestration of the profits of such benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment.

Any question as to whether a monition or order given or issued after proceedings before the bishop or judge, as the case may be, has or has not been obeyed shall be determined by the bishop or the judge, and any proceedings to enforce obedience to such monition or order shall be taken by direction of the judge.

14. It shall not be necessary to obtain a faculty from the Faculty not ordinary in order lawfully to obey any monition issued under this Act, and if the judge shall direct in any monition that a faculty shall be applied for, such fees only shall be paid for such faculty as may be directed by the rules and orders; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to limit or control the discretion vested by law in the ordinary as to the grant or refusal of a faculty: Provided also, that a faculty shall, on application, be granted, if unopposed, on payment of such a fee (not exceeding two guineas) as shall be prescribed by the rules and orders, in respect of any alteration in or addition to the fabric of any church, or in respect of any ornaments or furniture, not being contrary to law, made or existing in any church at the time of the passing of this Act.

15. All notices and other documents directed to be given Service of to any person under this Act shall be given in the manner notice8-prescribed by rules and orders.

16. If any bishop shall be patron of the benefice or of any Substitute for ecclesiastical preferment held by the incumbent respecting blsboP whe.n whom a representation shall have been made, or shall be case°of mness. unable from illness to discharge any of the duties imposed upon him by this Act in regard to any representation, the archbishop of the province shall act in the place of such bishop in all matters thereafter arising in relation to such representation; and if any archbishop shall be patron of the benefice or of any ecclesiastical preferment held by the incumbent respecting whom a representation shall have been made, or shall be unable from illness to discharge any of the duties imposed upon him by this Act in regard to any representation, Her Majesty may, by Her Sign Manual, appoint an archbishop or bishop to act in the place of such archbishop in all matters thereafter arising in relation to such representation.

17. The duties appointed under this Act to be performed Provisions re-

by the bishop of the diocese shall in the case of a cathedral or d^orcol-1^6" collegiate church be performed by the visitor thereof. legate church.

Nn S

426

Ch. 85.

Public Worship Regulation. 37 & 38 Vict.

If any complaint shall be made concerning the fabric, ornaments, furniture, or decorations of a cathedral or collegiate church, the person complained of shall be the dean and chapter of such cathedral or collegiate church, and in the event of obedience not being rendered to a monition relating to the fabric, ornaments, furniture, or decorations of such cathedral or collegiate church, the visitor, or the judge, as the case may be, shall have power to carry into effect the directions contained in such monition, and, if necessary, to raise the sum required to defray the cost thereof by sequestration of the profits of the preferments held in such cathedral or collegiate church by the dean and chapter thereof.

If any complaint shall be made concerning the ornaments of the minister in a cathedral or collegiate church, or as to the observance therein of the directions contained in the Book of Common Prayer, relating to the performance of the services, rites, and ceremonies ordered by the said book, or as to any alleged addition to, alteration of, or omission from such services, rites, and ceremonies in such cathedral or collegiate church, the person complained of shall be the clerk in holy orders alleged to have offended in the matter complained of; and the visitor or the judge, as the case may be, in the event of obedience not being rendered to a monition, shall have the same power as to inhibition, and the preferment held in such cathedral or collegiate church by the person complained of shall be subject to the same conditions as to avoidance, notice, and lapse, and as to any subsequent appointment, presentation, collation, or nomination thereto, and as to due provision being made for the performance of the duties of such person, as are contained in this Act concerning an incumbent to whom a monition has been issued, and concerning any benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment held by such incumbent.

Limitation of 18. When a sentence has been pronounced by consent, or agSnsfScum- any su^ or proceeding has been commenced against any intent. cumbent under the Act of the third and fourth year of the

reign of Her Majesty, chapter eighty-six, he shall not be liable to proceedings under this Act in respect of the same matter; and no incumbent proceeded against under this Act shall be liable to proceedings under the said Act of the third and fourth year of the reign of Her Majesty, in respect of any matter upon which judgment has been pronounced under this Act.

Rule* for 19. Her Majesty may by Order in Council, at any time

settling pro- either before or after the commencement of this Act, by and

nntethis Act with the advice of the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, the judge to be appointed under this Act, and the archbishops and bishops who are members of Her Majesty's Privy Council, or any two of the said persons, one of them being the Lord High Chancellor or the Lord Chief

Public Worship Regulation. Ch. 85.

Justice of England, cause rules and orders to be made for regulating the procedure and settling the fees to be taken in proceedings under this Act, so far as the same may not be expressly regulated by this Act, and from time to time alter or amend such rules and orders. All rules and orders made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before each House of Parliament within forty days after the same are made, if Parliament is then sitting, or if not, within forty days after the then next meeting of Parliament; and if an address is presented to Her Majesty by either of the said Houses within the next subsequent forty days on which the House shall have sat praying that any such rules may be annulled, Her Majesty may thereupon by Order in Council annul the same, and the rules and orders so annulled shall thenceforth become void, without prejudice to the validity of any proceedings already taken under the same.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A)

I do hereby solemnly declare that I am a member of the Church of England as by law established.

Witness my hand this day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

"Public Worship Regulation Act, 1874."

To the Right Rev. Father in God, A., by Divine permission Lord Bishop of B.

I, [We,] C.Z>., Archdeacon of the archdeaconry of

[or a churchwarden or three parishioners of the parish of E.,] in your Lordship's diocese, do hereby represent that [the person or persons complained of ] has or have [state the matter to he represented; if more than one, then under separate heads-\.

Dated this day of 18

(Signed) CJD.

428

Ch. 86.

Irish Reproductive Loan Fund. 37 & 38 Vict.

11 & 12 Vict <\ 115.

CHAPTER 86.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund.

[7th August 1874]

WHEREAS in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two a large sum of money was subscribed in England for the purpose of relieving the distress arising from scarcity of food in Ireland, and the residue of such sum after affording relief in such distress, under the name of the " Irish u Reproductive Loan Fund," was vested in a charitable association called the " Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Institution," to be held by them on trust to lend the same at interest to the industrious poor in the ten counties of Clare, Cork, Galway, Kerry, Leitrim, Limerick, Mayo, Roscommon, Sligo, and Tipperary, in Ireland, certain proportions of the said fund being appropriated to each of the said counties:

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, by an Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and fifteen, intituled An Act to vest in Her Majesty the property of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund " Institution, and to dissolve the said Institution," the said institution was dissolved, and the said Irish Reproductive Loan Fund was transferred to and vested in Her Majesty upon trust, to be applied and disposed of for such charitable purposes and objects of public utility not otherwise provided for in whole or in part by local rate or assessment (including the instruction in and the promotion of agricultural science) in the ten several counties aforesaid, as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the assent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, should from time to time direct and appoint, certain proportions being appropriated to each county as in the said Act mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Irish Reproductive Loan Fund should be transferred to the care of a public body in Ireland, and should be disposed of by way of loan instead of by way of absolute grant:

And whereas certain of the said counties, that is to say, the counties of Clare, Cork, Galway, Kerry, Leitrim, Limerick, Mayo, and Sligo, in this Act referred to as " maritime counties," abut upon the sea, and it is expedient that such portion of the said fund as is appropriated to the said maritime counties should be capable of being advanced by way of loan for the purpose of aiding the fisheries on the said coast:

And whereas the said Irish Reproductive Loan Fund, with the exception of certain outstanding debts which are not therein specified, consists at the date of the passing of this

Irish Reproductive Loan Fund.

Ch. 86.

429

Act of the particulars specified in the first part of the schedule hereto, distributed under the three heads of —

(1.) The county trust and agricultural school fund;

(2.) The fishery fund; and

(3.) The London fund for management:

And whereas the several funds aforesaid are in this Act included under the title of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund, and it is intended that such funds should form one fund only under such title as aforesaid, and that such one fund should be appropriated to the ten counties herein-before mentioned in the proportions specified in the second part of the said schedule:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Irish Short title of

Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874." Act

2. All such property, real and personal, including all interests Transfer of

and rights in, to, and out of property, real and personal, and property to the ., , P vt / j r n, Commissioners

including obligations and things in action, as may form part of public

of the said Irish Reproductive Loan Fund, or may be vested Works in Ire-

in Her Majesty or any other person whatsoever, as part or on land-

account of the said fund, shall from and after the passing of this Act pass to and vest in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, subject to all debts and liabilities affecting the same.

3. The Commissioners for Public Works in Ireland, in this Power to re-Act referred to as the Commissioners, may enforce anycover property-remedies for the recovery of any portion of the said Irish Reproductive Loan Fund which Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, might have enforced if this Act had not passed,

and notwithstanding the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to use, on behalf of the said Commissioners, any remedies for the recovery of the said fund or any part thereof which it would have been lawful for Her Majesty to have used if this Act had not passed.

4. The Commissioners shall hold the said Irish Reproductive Application of Loan Fund on trust to dispose of the same by way of loan m£sioners°m with a view to carry into effect the purposes of this Act.

The purposes of this Act shall be deemed to be such purposes or objects of public utility not otherwise provided for in whole or in part by local rate or assessment, including the instruction in and the promotion of agricultural science in the ten counties aforesaid, as the said Commissioners may think fit, with this addition, that in the case of the said maritime counties the purposes of this Act shall be deemed to include all or any of

480 Ch. 86. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund. 37 & 38 Vict.

Regulations as to loans by Commissioners.

Recovery of loans by Commissioners.

the following things, in this Act referred to as fishery purposes; that is to say,

(1.) The building, purchase, or repairs of vessels, boats, and gear for fishery purposes; and

(2.) The purchase, erection, or repairs of houses and sheds for the curing of fish; and

(3.) The purchase of materials to be used for the purposes of oyster cultivation.

5. The following restrictions shall be imposed on the Commissioners making loans under this Act:

(1.) As between the ten counties aforesaid, the fund in the hands of the Commissioners under this Act shall be deemed to be appropriated in the proportions specified in the second part of the schedule hereto; and

(2.) In making loans for fishery purposes the maximum amount lent in any one year in any one county shall not exceed one quarter of the sum standing at the end of the previous year to the credit of that county; and

(3.) The aggregate amount of loans for the time being advanced in any county for fishery purposes, and outstanding at any one time under this Act, shall not exceed one half of the sum standing to the credit of the county in the second part of the schedule to this Act; and

(4.) There shall be charged by way of interest, in respect of loans, such interest (if any) not exceeding three pounds ten shillings per cent., as the Commissioners may from time to time, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant in council, determine.

Subject as aforesaid, and to such rules as are herein-after mentioned, the Commissioners shall make loans for fishery purposes to such persons and upon such security as the inspectors of Irish fisheries may from time to time recommend.

The recommendation of the said inspectors shall be testified by writing under their hands signed by all the said inspectors, specifying such particulars in respect of the loan, and especially the persons to whom and the security (personal or otherwise) on which the loan is to be made, as the Commissioners may require.

In the case of all loans other than loans for fishery purposes, the Commissioners shall take such security, personal or otherwise, as they may from time to time think sufficient.

6. All moneys due to the Commissioners on account of loans made by them under this Act, including any costs and charges incurred in respect of such loans, may be recovered summarily in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

" The Summary Jurisdiction Acts " mean within the police district of Dublin metropolis the Acts regulating the powers

1874. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund. Ch. 86.

and duties of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, !" and any Act amending the same.

The power given by this section shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers to which the Commissioners may be entitled at common law or in equity of recovering any moneys due to them; and the Commissioners may use any such powers accordingly.

7. All moneys for the time being in the hands of the Com- Investment of missioners under this Act, and not employed by them in loans, commissioa-may be invested by them in such Government or real securities ers.

as they may from time to time think expedient.

8. A certificate, purporting to be under the seal of the Certificate of Commissioners, and to be signed by one of them, stating the amount due* amount due to the Commissioners from any person in respect of any loan made to him under this Act, together with interest thereon, shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence of the amount due and of the liability of the party therein named to pay the same.

' x#

9. If during any time while any part of a loan under this Recovery of Act remains unpaid the Commissioners are satisfied that the expend*d borrower is not carrying into effect the undertaking for which undertakings the loan was made, they may recover forthwith the loan and not completed, all moneys due to them in respect thereof.

10. The Lord Lieutenant in council may from time to time Power of Lord make, and when made may rescind, annul, or add to, rules Lieute°ant m

... X X n, council to make

with respect to the tollowing matters: regulations.

(1.) The mode in which loans are to be made under this Act, the amount of such loans, the securities to be given therefor, and the conditions on which such loans will be made; and

(2.) The circulation of information as to the mode in which loans are to be applied for and made in pursuance of this Act; and

(3.) As to any other matter or thing, whether similar or not to those above mentioned, in respect of which it may be expedient to make rules with a view to more completely carry into effect the purposes of this Act.

Any rules made in pursuance of this section shall, in so far as they are not inconsistent with this Act, be deemed to be within the powers conferred by this Act, and shall be of the same force as if enacted therein, and shall be judicially noticed; and it shall be the duty of the Commissioners and of the inspectors of fisheries to conform to any rules so made.

Irish Reproductive Loan Fund. 37 & 38 Vict.

Tower of Commissioners to receive gifts for fishery purposes.

Accounts to be rendered by Commissioners.

Definition of " Lord Lieutenant."

11. The Commissioners may receive any gifts made t<5 them by deed, will, or otherwise of property, whether real or personal, to be applied for fishery purposes as defined by this Act, and may apply the same accordingly for the benefit of any maritime county or counties specified by the giver, or if no particular county or counties are specified, for the benefit of all the said maritime counties in the proportions mentioned in the second part of the schedule hereto.

12. The Commissioners shall, once at the least in every year, render to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at such time and in such manner as they may direct, an account of their receipts and expenditure during the preceding year, made up to the thirty-first day of December, and of the mode in which such receipts have been derived and expenditure incurred, together with a statement of the amount (if any) remaining in their hands at the date of such account; also of the amount of loans outstanding, and of the amount (if any) of principal and interest in arrear in respect of any loans; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall submit to Parliament such account or a summary thereof, in such form as they think expedient.

13. The expression "Lord Lieutenant " in this Act includes the lords justices or other chief governors or governor of Ireland for the time being.

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

Particulars of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund.

Consols. Cash.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

County Trusts - 28, 875 0 0 688 18 6

Agricultural School Fund - 191 6 2 65 15 3

London Fund for Management 11, 468 19 3 114 6 4

Fishery Fund - 1, 526 6 8 105 2 0

£ 42, 061 12 1 9/4 2 1

PART II.

Consol 8. Cash.

London Fund London Fund

County for Management Fishery Total County for Management Fishery Total

Trusts. and Agricultural Fund. Consols. Trusts. and Agricultural Fund. Cash.

School Fund. School Fund.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d. £ s. <*. £ 8. d.

f County:

Clare 575 0 0 1, 203 16 5 180 9 6 1, 050 5 11 39 12 2 18 11 10 12 8 6 70 12 6

Cork - 2375 0 0 1306 5 2 254 5 11 4325 11 1 56 2 10 26 3 11 17 10 3 99 17 0

Galway 4300 0 0 1, 402 15 8 223 15 10 6, 016 11 6 46 12 8 23 1 1 15 8 2 85 1 11 *

Maritime Counties - Kerry 10, 150 0 0 1320 14 2 183 0 1 11353 14 3 253 17 11 18 17 1 12 12 0 285 7 0

Leitrim 800 0 0 422 11 0 63 7 1 1385 18 10 47 8 3 6 10 6 4 7 3 58 6 0

Limerick 800 0 0 1346 1 2 201 15 11 2347 17 1 42 16 0 20 15 0 13 17 11 77 10 5

Mayo 1300 D 0 1381 0 0 207 0 7 8378 6 7 63 1 5 30 12 0 20 0 1 114 2 6

Sligo 1, 225 0 0 817 14 1 122 11 0 2, 165 5 10 71 13 1 12 12 7 8 8 10 92 14 6

Roscommon 4, 025 0 0 050 16 4 - 4375 16 4 1414 8 14 13 8 - 20 8 4

Tipperary . 2325 0 0 528 4 8 — 3, 353 4 8 52 18 0 8 3 2 - 61 1 11

28375 0 0 101 6 S') 1326 6 8 42, 061 12 1 688 18 6 65 15 S') 105 2 0 974 2 1

>11, 660 5 5 >180 1 7

11, 46810 3) 114 6 4)

eg

if *

09

09

1874. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund. Ch. 86.

Ch. 87. Endowed Schools Acts Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

m

CHAPTER 87.

An Act to amend the Endowed Schools Acts.

[7th August 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Transfer of Pcnvers.

Transfer of 1. On and after the thirty-first day of December one do wed Schools thousand eight hundred and seventy-four all powers and Commissioners duties by the Endowed Schools Acts vested in or imposed to Charity on the Endowed Schools Commissioners shall be transferred Commission- and imposed on the Charity Commissioners, and, except as otherwise provided by this Act, shall be exercised and performed by the Charity Commissioners in like manner and form and subject to the same conditions, liabilities, and incidents respectively as such powers and duties have been exercised and performed by the Endowed Schools Commissioners, or as near thereto as circumstances permit.

On and after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four the commissioners, secretary, assistant commissioners, and other persons appointed and employed in pursuance of the Endowed Schools Acts shall cease to hold office.

Power to add 2. Her Majesty and her successors may at any time after to Charity the passing of this Act, by warrant under her sign manual, e^18Slon' from time to time appoint any number of persons not exceeding two to be paid Charity Commissioners for England and Wales and a person to be secretary in addition to the three paid Charity Commissioners and secretary capable of being appointed under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869. The two additional Commissioners and additional secretary appointed in pursuance of this Act shall hold office during Her Majesty's pleasure, and their salaries shall, unless otherwise directed by Parliament, cease to be paid after the expiration of five years from the said thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

Save as in this section mentioned, the additional Commissioners shall have the same powers, perform the same duties, and stand in all respects in the same position as the other paid Charity Commissioners with the exception of the Chief Commissioner.

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may allow the Charity Commissioners to employ such number of assistant commissioners, officers, and clerks as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may think necessary for the purpose

1874. Endowed Schools Acts Arn&nd/ment. Ch. 87. 436

of enabling the said Charity Commissioners to perform the additional duties imposed upon them by this Act.

3. There shall be repealed so much of the Charitable Trusts Salaries of Acts, 1853 to 1869, as regulates the amounts of the salaries of mi^oneT^Sid the Commissioners, their secretary and inspectors; and there their officers, shall be paid to the Commissioners, their secretary or secretaries, assistant commissioners, inspectors, officers, and clerks, whether appointed* under this Act or under the said Charitable Trusts Acts, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such salaries as the Treasury may from time to time determine:

Provided that no decrease shall be made in pursuance of this section in the salary of any Charity Commissioner, secretary, inspector, officer, or clerk appointed before the passing of this Act under the said Charitable Trusts Acts, or any of them.

Amendment of Lorn

4. Any power by the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, vested Exercise of in the Charity Commissioners, upon application made to them certain powers by the Commissioners under the said Act, may after the said c^mraission-thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ere. seventy-four be exercised by the Charity Commissioners of

their own motion.

5. A scheme of the Charity Commissioners made in pur- Quorum of suance of the powers of this Act and the Endowed Schools Commission-Acts, or any of them, shall not be submitted to the Committee ors *

of Council on Education unless it has been approved at a meeting of the Board at which there are present not less than three Commissioners (of whom one shall be the Chief Commissioner, or, in his absence from illness or unavoidable cause, such other Charity Commissioner as may for the time being be named by the Committee of Council on Education); in all other respects one Charity Commissioner may act under the Endowed Schools Acts as amended by this Act.

Miscellaneous and Repeal.

6. The powers of making schemes under the Endowed Continuance of Schools Acts as amended by this Act shall continue in force fe^"toCha-for a period of five years from the said thirty-first day of rity Commit December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four; and sionere. during the continuance of such powers any court or judge shall not, with respect to any endowed school or educational endowment which can be dealt with by a scheme under this Act and the Endowed Schools Acts, or any of such Acts, make any scheme or appoint any new trustees without the consent of the Committee of Council on Education.

7. On and after the said thirty-first day of December one Repeal of Acts, thousand eight hundred and seventy-four the enactments set

0 o 2

. by

436

Ch. 87.

Endowed Schools Acts Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

Saving clause as to certain schemes.

Definitions.

Construction and short title.

forth in the schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed to the extent to which such enactments are therein expressed to be repealed.

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done under any enactment hereby repealed:

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under any enactment hereby repealed.

8. Notwithstanding the seventeenth section of the Endowed Schools Act, 1873, any scheme which has before the passing of this Act been submitted by the Endowed Schools Commissioners to the Committee of Council on Education for approval may be proceeded with.

Provided that with respect to every such scheme which has not been approved by the Committee of Council on Education before the passing of this Act, such Committee shall before approving the same cause such scheme, after the passing of this Act, and that notwithstanding any prior publication and notice, to be published and circulated in such manner as they think sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, together with a notice stating that during one month after the publication of such notice the Committee of Council on Education will receive any objections or suggestions made to them in writing respecting such scheme.

9. In this Act, so far as is consistent with the context, the expressions following have the meanings hereafter assigned to them; that is to say,

The expression "The Endowed Schools Acts" means the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 and 1873:

The expression "The Endowed Schools Commissioners" means the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the Endowed Schools Act, 186 9:

The expression "The Charity Commissioners" means the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales.

10. This Act, so far as consistent with the tenor thereof shall be construed as one with the Endowed Schools Acts, as amended by this Act; and in the construction of the Endowed Schools Acts the expression "the Commissioners 99 shall, unless there is something in the context inconsistent therewith, on and after the said thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, mean the Charity Commissioners; and this Act and the other Acts mentioned in this section may be cited together as the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869, 1873, and 1874, and this Act may be cited separately as "The Endowed Schools Act, 1874."

1874.

Endowed Schools Acts Amendment. Ch. 87, 88.

437

SCHEDULE.

Acts partly repealed on and after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

Session and Chapter. Abbreviated Title. Extent of Repeal.

32 & 33 Vict. The Endowed Schools The first paragraph of section

c. 56. Act, 1869. fifty-two, and the whole of sections thirty-one, forty-eight, and fifty-nine.

36 & 37 Vict. The Endowed Schools Section seventeen.

c. 87. Act, 1873.

CHAPTER 88.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Births and Deaths in England, and to consolidate the Law respecting the Registration of Births and Deaths at Sea.

[7th August 1874.]

Whereas it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to the registration of births and deaths in England, and to consolidate the law respecting the registration of births and deaths at sea:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Registration of Births.

[Information concerning birth to be given to registrar within forty-two days.]

1. In the case of every child born alive after the commencement of this Act, it shall be the duty of the father and mother of the child, and in default of the father and mother, of the occupier of the house in which to his knowledge the child is born, and of each person present at the birth, and of the person having charge of the child, to give to the registrar, within forty-two days next after such birth, information of the particulars required to be registered concerning such birth, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register.

[Requisition by registrar of information concerning birth from qualified informant after forty-two days.

2. Where a birth has, from the default of the parents or other persons required to give information concerning it, not been duly registered, the registrar may, at any time after the end of forty-two days from such birth, by notice in writing, require any of the persons required by this Act to give infor- in *

formant after forty-two days.

Information respecting finding newborn child to be given to registrar.

Duty of registrar to ascertain and register birth gratis.

Registry after expiration of three months from birth.

Ch. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

mation concerning such birth to attend personally at the registrar's office, or at any other place appointed by the registrar within his sub-district, within such time (not less than seven days after the receipt of such notice, and not more than three months from the date of the birth) as may be specified in such notice, and to give information, to the best of such person's knowledge and belief, of the particulars required to be registered concerning such birth, and to sign the register in the presence of the registrar; and it shall be the duty of such person, unless the birth is registered before the expiration of the time specified in such requisition, to comply with such requisition.

3. In case any living new-born child is found exposed, it shall be the duty of any person finding such child, and of any person in whose charge such child may be placed, to give, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to the registrar, within seven days after the finding of such child, such information of the particulars required to be registered concerning the birth of such child as the informant possesses, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register.

4. It shall be the duty of the registrar to inform himself carefully of every birth which happens within his sub-district, and upon receiving personally from the informant at any time within three months from the date of the birth of any child or the finding of any living new-born child information of the particulars required to be Registered concerning the birth of such child, forthwith in the prescribed form and manner to register the birth and the said particulars (if not previously registered), without fee or reward from the informant, except that if, in pursuance of a written requisition, he registers the same at the residence of the person making such requisition or at the house in which the birth took place, he shall, unless the birth took place in a public institution, be entitled to the appointed fee.

5. After the expiration of three months next after the birth of any child, a registrar shall not register such birth, except as in this section provided that is to say, in case the birth of any child has not been registered in accordance with the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, the registrar may, after three and not later than twelve months next after the birth, by notice in writing, require any of the persons required by this Act to give information concerning the birth to attend personally at the district register office, within such time (not less than seven days after the receipt of the notice, and not more than twelve months after the date of the birth) as may be specified in the notice, and make before the superintendent registrar a solemn declaration, according to the best of the declarant's knowledge and belief, of the particulars

Registration of Births and Death.

Ch. 88.

439

required to be registered concerning the birth, and sign the register in the presence of the registrar and superintendent registrar; and upon any of the said persons attending before a registrar and superintendent registrar, whether in pursuance of a requisition or not, and making such a declaration as aforesaid, and giving information concerning the birth, the registrar shall then and there, in the presence of such superintendent registrar, register the birth according to the information of the declarant, and the superintendent registrar before whom the declaration is made shall, as well as the registrar and declarant, sign the entry of the birth.

After the expiration of twelve months next after the birth of any child, that birth shall not be registered except with the written authority of the Registrar General for registering the same, and except in accordance with the prescribed rules, and the fact of such authority having been given shall be entered in the register.

Every person who registers or causes to be registered the birth of any child in contravention of this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

8. Any person required by this Act to give information concerning a birth, who removes before such birth is registered out of the sub-district in which such birth has taken place, may, within three months after such birth, give the information by making and signing in the presence of the registrar of the sub-district in which he resides a declaration in writing of the particulars required to be registered concerning such birth; and such registrar on payment of the appointed fee shall receive and attest the declaration and send the same to the registrar of the sub-district in which the birth took place; and the last-mentioned registrar shall, in the prescribed manner, enter the birth in the register; and the entry so made shall be deemed, for the purposes of the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, to have been signed by the person who signed the declaration.

A person making a declaration in pursuance of this section in the case of any birth shall be deemed to have complied with the provisions of this Act as to giving information concerning that birth, and with any requisition of the registrar made under this Act within the said three months to attend and give information concerning that birth.

7. In the case of an illegitimate child no person shall, as father of such child, be required to give information under this Act concerning the4 birth of such child, and the registrar shall not enter in the register the name of any person as father of such child, unless at the joint request of the mother and of the person acknowledging himself to be the father of such child, and such person shall in such case sign the register, together with the mother.

Registry of birth out of the sub-district in case of removal.

Saving for father of illegitimate child.

Ch. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

Registration of name of child or of alteration of name.

Registry of death and cause of death.

Information concerning death where deceased dies in a house.

8. When the birth of any child has been registered and the name, if any, by which it was registered is altered, or if it was registered without a name, when a name is given to it, the parent or guardian of such child, or other person procuring such name to be altered or given, may, within twelve months next after the registration of the birth, deliver to the registrar or superintendent registrar such certificate as herein-after mentioned, and the registrar or superintendent registrar, upon the receipt of that certificate, and on payment of the appointed fee, shall, without any erasure of the original entry, forthwith enter in the register book the name mentioned in the certificate as having been given to the child, and having stated upon the certificate the fact of such entry having been made, shall forthwith send the certificate to the Registrar General, together with a certified copy of the entry of the birth with the name so added

The certificate shall be in the form given in the first schedule to this Act, or as near thereto as circumstances admit, and shall be signed by the minister or person who performed the rite of baptism upon which the name was given or altered, or, if the child is not baptized, shall be signed by the father, mother, or guardian of the child, or other person procuring the name of the child to be given or altered.

Every minister or person who performs the rite of baptism shall deliver the certificate required by this section on demand, on payment of a fee not exceeding one shilling.

The provisions of this section shall apply with the prescribed modifications in the case of births at sea, of which a return is sent to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England.

Registration of Deaths.

9. The death of every person dying in England after the commencement of this Act, and the cause of such death, shall be registered by the registrar in the manner directed by the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874.

10. When a person dies in a house after the commencement of this Act, it shall be the duty of the nearest relatives of the deceased present at the death, or in attendance during the last illness of the deceased, and in default of such relatives, of every other relative of the deceased dwelling or being in the same sub-district as the deceased, and in default of such relatives, of each person present at the death, and of the occupier of the house in which, to his knowledge, the death took place, and in default of the persons herein-before in this section mentioned, of each inmate of such house, and of the person causing the body of the deceased person to be buried, to give, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to the registrar, within the five days next following the day of such

1874. Registration of Births and Deaths. Ch. 88. 441

death, information of the particulars required to be registered concerning such death, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register.

---

[Information concerning death where deceased dies not in a house.]

11. Where a person dies in a place which is not a house, or a dead body is found elsewhere than in a house, it shall be the duty of every relative of such deceased person having knowledge of any of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death, and in default of such relative, of every person present at the death, and of any person finding, and of any person taking charge of the body, and of the person causing the body to be buried, to give to the registrar, within the five days next after the death or the finding, such information of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death as the informant possesses, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register.

[Notice preliminary to information.]

12. If a person required to give information concerning any death sends to the registrar a written notice of the occurrence of the death, accompanied by such medical certificate of the cause of the death as is required by this Act to be delivered to a registrar, the information of the particulars required by the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, to be registered concerning the death need not be given within the said five days, but shall, notwithstanding such notice, be given within fourteen days next after the day of the death by the person giving such notice, or some other person required by this Act to give the information.

[Requisition by registrar of information concerning death from qualified informant.]

13. Where any death has from the default of the persons required to give information concerning it not been registered, the registrar may, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days and within twelve months from the day of such death or from the finding of the dead body elsewhere than in a house, by notice in writing, require any person required by this Act to give information concerning such death to attend personally at the registrar's office, or at any other place appointed by the registrar within his sub-district, within such time (not less than seven days after the receipt of the notice, nor more than twelve months after the death or finding of the dead body) as may be specified in the notice, and to give the said information to the best of the informant's knowledge and belief, and to sign the register in the presence of the registrar; and it shall be the duty of such person, unless the death is registered before the expiration of the time specified in the requisition, to comply with the requisition.

[Duty of registrar to register death gratis.]

14. It shall be the duty of the registrar to inform himself carefully of every death which happens within his sub-district, and upon receiving personally from the informant at any time within twelve months after the date of any death, or of the finding of any dead body, information of the

---

parti-

442

Ch. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

Death not to he registered after twelve months.

culars required to be registered concerning the death from any person required by this Act to give the same, forthwith in the prescribed form and manner to register the death and the said particulars, (if not previously registered, ^without fee or reward from the informant, except that if, in pursuance of a written requisition, he registers the same at the residence of the person making such requisition, or at the house where the deceased died, he shall, unless the death took place in a public institution, be entitled to the appointed fee.

15. After the expiration of twelve months next after any death, or after the finding of any dead body elsewhere than in a house, that death shall not be registered, except with the written authority of the Registrar General for registering the same, and except in accordance with the prescribed rules, and the fact of such authority having been given shall be entered in the register.

Every person who registers or causes to be registered any death in contravention of this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

Furnishing of 16. Where an inquest is held on any dead body the jury coronert 0n by in(luire of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death, and the coroner shall send to the registrar, within five days after the finding of the jury is given, a certificate under his hand, giving information concerning the death and specifying the finding of the jury with respect to the said particulars, and to the cause of death, and specifying the time and place at which the inquest was held, and the registrar shall in the prescribed form and manner enter the death and particulars. If the death has been previously registered the said particulars shall 'be entered' in the prescribed manner without any alteration of the original entry.

Where an inquest is held on any dead body no person shall, with respect to such dead body or death, be liable to attend upon a requisition of a registrar, or be subject to any penalty for failing to give information in pursuance of any other provision of this Act.

---

Burials.

[Coroner's order and registrar's certificate for burial.]

17. A coroner, upon holding an inquest upon any body, may, if he thinks fit, by order under his hand authorise the body to be buried before registry of the death, and shall give such order to relative of the deceased or other person who causes the body to be buried, or to the undertaker or other person having charge the funeral; and, except upon holding an inquest, no order, warrant, or other document for the burial of any body shall be given by the coroner. The registrar, upon registering any death or upon receiving a written requisition to attend at a house to register a death, or upon receiving such written notice of the occurrence of a

1874. Registration of Births and Deaths. Ch. 88. 443

death, accompanied by a medical certificate as is before provided by this Act, shall forthwith, or as soon after as he is required, give, without fee or reward, either to the person giving information concerning the death or sending the requisition or notice, or to the undertaker or other person having charge of the funeral of the deceased, a certificate under his hand that he has registered or received notice of the death as the case may be. Every such order of the coroner and certificate of the registrar shall be delivered to the person who buries or performs any funeral or religious service for the burial of the body of the deceased; and any person to whom such order or certificate was given by the coroner or registrar who fails so to deliver or cause to be delivered the same shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings. The person who buries or performs any funeral or religious service for the burial of any dead body, as to which no order or certificate under this section is delivered to him, shall, within seven days after the burial, give notice thereof in writing to the registrar, and if he fail so to do shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

[Burial of deceased children as still-born.]

---

18. A person shall not wilfully bury or procure to be buried Burial of de-the body of any deceased child as if it were still-born. ceased children

A person who has control over or ordinarily buries bodies as Btill"born' in any burial ground shall not permit to be buried in such burial ground the body of any deceased child as if it were still-born, and shall not permit to be buried or bury in such burial ground any still-born child before there is delivered to him either, —

(a.) A written certificate that such child was not born alive, signed by a registered medical practitioner who was in attendance at the birth or has examined the body of such child; or

(5.) A declaration signed by some person who would, if the child had been born alive, have been required by this Act to give information concerning the birth, to the effect that no registered medical practitioner was present at the birth, or that his certificate cannot be obtained, and that the child was not born alive; or

(c.) If there has been an inquest, an order of the coroner.

Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

19. Where there is in the coffin in which any deceased Notice where person is brought for burial the body of any other deceased coffin contains person, or the body of any still-born child, the undertaker or j^re tha° onc other person who has charge of the funeral shall deliver to the person who buries or performs any funeral or religious service for the burial of such body or bodies notice in writing signed

Ch. 88.

Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

Regulations as to certificates of cause of death.

Alteration of

registrars

districts.

by such undertaker or other person, and stating to the best of his knowledge and belief with respect to each such body the following particulars:

(a.) If the body is the body of a deceased person, the name, sex, and place of abode of the said deceased person; (6.) If the body has been found exposed, and the name and place of abode are unknown, the fact of the body having been so found and of the said particulars being unknown; and (c.) If the body is that of a deceased child without a name, or a still-born child, the name and place of abode of the father, or, if it is illegitimate, of the mother of such child

Every person who fails to comply with this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

Certificates of Cause of Death.

20. With respect to certificates of the cause of death, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The Registrar General shall from time to time furnish to every registrar printed forms of certificates of cause of death by registered medical practitioners, and every registrar shall furnish such forms gratis to any registered medical practitioner residing or practising in such registrar's sub-district:

(2.) In case of the death of any person who has been attended during his last illness by a registered medical practitioner, that practitioner shall sign and give to some person required by this Act to give information concerning the death a certificate stating to the best of his knowledge and belief the cause of death, and such person shall, upon giving information concerning the death, or giving notice of the death, deliver that certificate to the registrar, and the cause of death as stated in that certificate shall be entered in the register, together with the name of the certifying medical practitioner:

(3.) Where an inquest is held on the body of any deceased person a medical certificate of the cause of death need not be given to the registrar, but the certificate of the finding of the jury furnished by the coroner shall be sufficient.

If any person to whom a medical certificate is given by a registered medical practitioner in pursuance of this section fails to deliver that certificate to the registrar, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Superintendent Registrars and Registrars.

21. The Registrar General, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, may from time to time, if it seem to them

Ch. 88.

445

Registration of Births and Deaths.

fit, alter the districts of registrars by the alteration of the boundaries of districts, by the formation of new districts, or by the union of districts, and may take or cause to be taken all measures which seem to them to be necessary for carrying such alteration into effect, and such alteration shall be made and measures taken accordingly.

Where any superintendent registrar or registrar is deprived of his office or part of his emolument by such alteration, formation, or union, or by the operation of any Act now in force, compensation may be awarded to him by the like authorities and in the like manner as compensation may be awarded under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor to any officer of a union who is deprived of his office by reason of a union being dissolved or altered, and the persons by whom and funds from which such compensation is to be paid shall be determined in like manner.

Every change in the district of a registrar shall be published by advertisement or otherwise as the Local Government Board direct as being in their opinion best calculated for giving information to all persons in the district.

Every district of a registrar, whether formed before or after the commencement of this Act, shall be termed a sub-district.

22. Sections ten and eleven of "The Births and Deaths Extension of Registration Act, 1837," which relate to uniting any two or J more unions, parishes, or places, or any two or more super- 8S. io and ii, intendent registrars districts into one superintendent regis- to aU unions, trar's district, and to dividing a union, parish, or place, or a superintendent registrars district into two or more superintendent registrars districts, shall apply to a union with guardians acting under a Local Act, and to a temporary superintendent registrar's district in like manner as it applies

to a union with guardians acting under "The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834," and to a superintendent registrar's district which is not temporary.

23. It shall be lawful for any superintendent registrar, Prosecution by subject to the prescribed rules, to prosecute any person guilty ^ndent of any offence under the Births and Deaths Registration

Acts, 1836 to 1874, committed within the district of such superintendent registrar; and the costs incurred by the superintendent registrar in such prosecution, which are not otherwise by law provided for, shall be defrayed out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

24. Every superintendent registrar shall from time to time, Appointment by writing under his hand, appoint, with the approval of the gupe^ntendent Registrar General, a fit person to act as his deputy in case of registrar and his illness or unavoidable absence, or in any prescribed case; registrar, and every such deputy while so acting shall have all the

powers and fulfil all the duties and be subject to all the [A"o. 38. Price 2d.] P p

446 Ch. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

obligations by the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, or any of them, given to or imposed on the superintendent registrar whose deputy he is.

Such deputy shall hold iVis office during the pleasure of the superintendent registrar by whom he is appointed, but shall be removable from his office by the Registrar General.

Every superintendent registrar shall be civilly responsible for the acts or omissions of his deputy.

The provisions of this section shall apply to registrars in like manner as if it were enacted with the word registrar substituted for superintendent registrar.

interim 25. If any superintendent registrar dies, resigns, or other-

registrars. wise ceases to hold his office, his deputy shall be interim superintendent registrar.

Every interim superintendent registrar shall act as superintendent registrar and have all the powers and perform all the duties and be subject to all the obligations of a superintendent registrar until another is duly appointed.

The provisions of this section shall apply to a registrar in like manner as if it were enacted with the substitution of the word registrar for superintendent registrar.

If a registrar for any sub-district dies, resigns, or otherwise ceases to hold his office, and there is no interim registrar, then the superintendent registrar shall, when so required by the Registrar General, appoint an interim registrar for such subdistrict.

Residence, 26. Every registrar and deputy registrar shall either dwell

office, and sta- or have a known office within the sub-district of which he

and deputy is registrar or deputy registrar.

gistrar in sub- Every registrar shall, if so directed by the Registrar district. General, appoint within or contiguous to his sub-district a station or stations as may be directed by the Registrar General. Every such station shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act with respect to the attendance of persons and registration of births and deaths at the office of the registrar, be deemed to be his office.

Every registrar and deputy registrar shall attend at his dwelling-house or office and at each such station, on the days and at the hours approved by the Registrar General, for the purpose of registering births and deaths.

Every registrar shall cause to be placed in some conspicuous place on or near the outer door of the dwelling-house or office which he has within his sub-district his name, with the addition of registrar for the sub-district for which he is registrar, and the hours of his attendance as approved by the Registrar General; and a list of such registrars in any union, with their residences, shall be kept at the workhouse of such union, and at each police station within such union.

Registration of Births and Deaths.

Ch. 88.

447

27. Every superintendent registrar and registrar respectively shall be entitled to the fees specified in the second schedule to this Act, and every such fee shall be paid to him by the persons and on the occasions pointed out in such schedule, and may be recovered as a debt due to him, and subject to the prescribed rules he may refuse to comply with any application voluntarily made to him until the fee is paid.

28. Every registrar, when and as required by a sanitary authority, as defined by the Public Health Act, 1872, shall transmit by post or otherwise a return, certified under the hand of such registrar to be a true return, of such of the particulars registered by him concerning any death as may be specified in the requisition of the sanitary authority.

The sanitary authority may supply a form of the prescribed character, for the purpose of the return, and in that case the return shall be made in the form so supplied.

The registrar making such return shall be entitled to a fee of twopence, and to a further fee of twopence for every death entered in such return, which fee shall be paid by the authority requiring the return.

29. Where the age of any child is required to be ascertained or proved for any purpose connected with the elementary education or employment in labour of such child, any school board or any managers appointed by a school board, or any persons managing a public elementary school, or any of Her Majesty's inspectors of schools, may issue a written requisition in the prescribed form, and stating the prescribed particulars as to the child.

The person to whom such requisition is given shall, on delivery thereof and payment of a fee of one shilling, be entitled to obtain a certified copy under the hand of the registrar or superintendent registrar of the entry in the register of the birth of the child named in the requisition.

30. A registrar shall, upon demand made at the time of registering any birth by the person giving the information concerning the birth, and upon payment of a fee not exceeding threepence, give to such person a certificate under his hand, in the prescribed form, of having registered that birth.

31. The payment to the registrar under section twenty-nine of the principal Act of two shillings and sixpence for each of the first twenty entries of births and deaths in every year which he has registered shall be paid to him for each of the first twenty entries of births and deaths in each quarterly account made out and verified in manner directed by that Act.

32. The Registrar General shall supply to every superintendent registrar suitable forms wherein to make indexes of

by

Fees of superintendent registrars and registrars.

Returns of registrars to sanitary authorities.

Certificates of birth for purposes of school boards and of public elementary schools.

Certificate of birth having been registered.

Remuneration of registrars.

Supply of forms and

448

making of indexes.

Providing of register offices and fireproof repositories. 4 & 5 W.4, c. 76.

Each of united unions to contribute to expense of registration office.

Penalty for omission to register or loss ol registers.

Ch. 88. fRegistration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

the register books in his office, and such superintendent registrar shall cause such indexes to be made and to be kept with the other records of his office.

All such indexes, whether made before or after the commencement of this Act, shall be kept by the superintendent registrar with the records of his office, and shall be delivered with the same to his successor in office, as directed by the principal Act.

Every person shall be entitled at all reasonable hours to search the said indexes, and to have a certified copy of any entry or entries in the said register books under the hand of the superintendent registrar on payment in each case of the appointed fee.

33. The guardians of any union acting under a Local Act shall be subject to the same obligation of providing and upholding register offices as guardians of a union acting under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834, are subject to under section nine of the principal Act.

Every register office of a district formed before or after the commencement of this Act shall be provided by the guardians, at the expense of their common fund, with a suitable fireproof repository or iron boxes for the safe custody of the registers, made according to the plan and placed in the office approved by the Registrar General.

Until a register office, as approved by the Registrar General, is provided by the guardians in any superintendent registrar's district, the superintendent registrar shall appropriate some fit room, to be approved by the Registrar General, as a temporary register office. Such guardians shall pay a reasonable rent for the said room out of their common fund to the superintendent registrar.

34. Where any union, parish, or place is united to any other union, parish, or place under section ten of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837, as amended by this Act, the guardians acting for each union, parish, or place so united as aforesaid shall contribute to the expense of providing and upholding a register office in proportion to the population of each such union, parish, or place, as ascertained by the last published census for the time being.

35. Every registrar who refuses or without reasonable cause p omits to register any birth or death or particulars concerning

which information has been tendered to him by an informant, and which he ought to register, and every person having the custody of any register book of births and deaths who carelessly loses or injures or allows the injury of the same, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

1874. '

Registration of Births and Deaths.

Ch. 88.

449

Correct ion of Errors.

36. With regard to the correction of errors in registers of Correction of birth and deaths, it shall be enacted as follows: ters " m re^8-

(1.) No alteration in any such register shall be made except as authorised by this Act:

(2.) Any clerical error which may from time to time be discovered in any such register may be corrected by any person authorised in that behalf by the Registrar General, subject to the prescribed rules:

(3.) An error of fact or substance in any such register may be corrected by entry in the margin (without any alteration of the original entry) by the officer having the custody of the register, upon payment of the appointed fee and upon production to him by the person requiring such error to be corrected of a statutory declaration setting forth the nature of the error and the true facts of the case, and made by two persons required by this Act to give information concerning the birth or death with reference to which the error has been made, or in default of such persons then by two credible persons having knowledge of the truth of the case:

(4.) Where an error of fact or substance (other than an error relating to the cause of death) occurs in the information given by a coroner's certificate concerning a dead body upon which he has held an inquest, the coroner, if satisfied by evidence on oath or statutory declaration that such error exists, may certify under his hand to the officer having the custody of the register in which such information is entered the nature of the error and the true facts of the case as ascertained by him on such evidence, and the error may thereupon be corrected by such officer in the register by entering in the margin (without any alteration of the original entry) the facts as so certified by the coroner.

Registration of Births and Deaths at Sea.

37. The provisions of this Act, save as is herein expressly Registration provided, shall not apply to the registration of births and ^cath^at^ca deaths on board a vessel at sea, with respect to which the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The captain or master of or other person having the command or charge of a British ship shall, as soon as may be after the occurrence of the birth of a child or the death of a person on board such ship, record in his log book or otherwise the fact of such birth or death, and the particulars required by the Pp 3

Ch. 88.

Registration of BiHhs and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict.

fourth schedule to this Act to be registered concerning such birth or death, or such of them as may be known to him, and shall, (unless the ship is one of Her Majesty's ships,) upon the arrival of such ship at any port of the United Kingdom, or at such other time or place as the Board of Trade may from time to time with respect to any ship or class of ships direct, deliver or send, in such form and manner as the Board of Trade may from time to time direct, a return of the facts so recorded to the Registrar General of Shipping and Seamen.

(2.) Where a ship which is not a British ship carries passengers to or from any port of the United Kingdom as the port of destination or the port of departure of such ship, the provisions of this section shall apply to the captain or master of or other person having the command or charge of such ship, in like manner as if it were a British ship.

(3.) Where the said return is directed by the Board of Trade (whether the ship is British or foreign) to be delivered upon the arrival of the ship, or the discharge of the crew, or otherwise, at any port or place out of the United Kingdom, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, direct that the return instead of being delivered to the Registrar General of Shipping and Seamen shall be delivered, and the same shall accordingly be delivered, if such port or place is within Her Majesty's dominions, to the shipping master or collector of customs at such port or place, and if it is a foreign port or place, to the principal British consular officer at the said foreign port or place, and such shipping master, collector, or officer shall send the same, as soon as may be, by post or otherwise, to the Registrar General of Shipping and Seamen.

(4.) Where it appears from any such return that the father of any child so born, or if the child is a bastard the mother of such child, was a Scotch or Irish subject of Her Majesty, or that any person whose death is mentioned in such return was a Scotch or Irish subject of Her Majesty, the Registrar General of Shipping and Seamen shall from time to time send a certified copy of so much of the return as relates to such birth or death to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Scotland or Ireland, as the case may require.

(5.) The Registrar General of Shipping and Seamen shall from time to time send to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England a certified copy of every other such return, or of that part of every

1874. Registration of Births and Deaths. Ch. 88. 451

such return which is not so sent to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Scotland or Ireland.

(6.) A captain of or other person having charge of one of Her Majesty's ships shall, upon the arrival of any such ship in any port of the United Kingdom, or at such other time as the Commissioners of the Admiralty may from time to time direct, deliver or send, in such manner and form as the said Commissioners may from time to time direct, a return of the facts recorded in pursuance of this section to that Registrar General of Births and Deaths to whom a copy of such return would, if the ship were a merchant ship, be sent under the provisions of this section by the Registrar General of Shipping and Seamen.

(7.) Every Registrar General of Births and Deaths to whom a copy of any return or a return is sent in pursuance of this section shall cause the same to be filed and preserved in or copied in a book to be kept by him for the purpose, and to be called a marine register book, and such book shall be deemed to be a certified copy of a register book within the meaning of the Acts relating to the registration of births and deaths in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively.

(8.) Every captain or master of or other person having charge of a ship who fails to comply with this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence; and such penalty may be recovered in the same courts and places and in the like manner, and when recovered shall be applied in like manner, as a penalty under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

(9.) This section shall extend to all places and persons within British jurisdiction.

(10.) Terms in this section shall have the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

Miscellaneous.

38. An entry or certified copy of an entry of a birth or Register when death in a register under the Births and Deaths Registration not evident. Acts, 1836 to 1874, or in a certified copy of such a register, shall not be evidence of such birth or death, unless such entry either purports to be signed by some person professing to be the informant and to be such a person as is required by law at the date of such entry to give to the registrar information concerning such birth or death, or purports to be made upon a certificate from a coroner, or in pursuance of the provisions of this Act with respect to the registration of births and deaths at sea.

452 Cff. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

When more than three months have intervened between the day of the birth and the day of the registration of the birth of any child, the entry or certified copy of the entry made after the commencement of this Act of the birth of such child in a register under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, or in a certified copy of such a register, shall not be evidence of such birth unless such entry purports, (a.) if it appear that not more than twelve months have so intervened, to be signed by the superintendent registrar as well as by the registrar; or,

(6.) if more than twelve months have so intervened, to have been made with the authority of the Registrar General, and in accordance with the prescribed rules. Where more than twelve months have intervened between the day of a death or the finding of a dead body and the day of the registration of the death or the finding of such body, the entry or certified copy of the entry made after the commencement of this Act of the death in a register under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, or in a certified copy of such register, shall not be evidence of such death, unless such entry purports to have been made with the authority of the Registrar General, and in accordance with the prescribed rules.

Penalty for not 39. Every person required by the Births and Deaths Regis-mat ion com- Oration Acts, 1836 to 1874, to give information concerning

plying with any birth or death, or any living new-born child, or any dead requisition, &c. body, who wilfully refuses to answer any question put to him by the registrar relating to the particulars required to be registered concerning such birth or death, or fails to comply with any requisition of the registrar made in pursuance of those Acts, and every person who refuses or fails without reasonable excuse to give or send any certificate in accordance with the provisions of the said Acts, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each offence; and the parent of any child who fails to give information concerning the birth of such child, as required by the said Acts, shall be liable to a like penalty; and a person required by the said Acts to give information concerning a death in the first instance, and not merely in default of some other person, shall, if such information as is required by the said Acts is not duly given, be liable to the same penalty.

Penalty for 40. Any person who commits any of the following offences; falsestate- that is to say,

nunts, i-c. (1.) Wilfully makes any false answer to any question put

to him by a registrar relating to the particulars required to be registered concerning any birth or death, or wilfully gives to a registrar any false information concerning any birth or death, or the cause of any death; or,

1874. Registration of Births and Deaths. Ch. 88. 453

(2.) Wilfully makes any false certificate or declaration under or for the purposes of this Act, or forges or falsifies any such certificate or-declaration, or any order under this Act, or, knowing any such certificate, declaration, or order to be false or forged, uses the same as true, or gives or sends the same as true to any person; or,

(3.) Wilfully makes, gives, or uses any false statement or representation as to a child bora alive having been still-born, or as to the body of a deceased person or a still-born child in any coffin, or falsely pretends that any child bora alive was still-born; or

(4.) Makes any false statement with intent to have the same entered in any register of births or deaths; shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and on conviction on indictment to fine or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years, or to penal servitude for a term not exceeding seven years.

41. All notices, informations, declarations, certificates, re- Sending certifi-quisitions, returns, and other documents required or authorised cat8>&c> by by this Act to be delivered, sent, or given to the Registrar

General, a superintendent registrar, or a registrar, or by a registrar to a person who is required to give information concerning any birth or death, or who gives notice of any death,

may be sent by post in a prepaid letter, and the date at which they would be delivered to the person to whom they are sent in the ordinary course of post shall be deemed to be the date at which they are received; and in proving such sending, it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter was prepaid, properly addressed, and put into the post.

42. In the principal Act and this Act, — Explanation of

The term "general search" shall mean a search during any 4'3-

number of successive hours not exceeding six, without c' *8S* ' ' '' stating the object of the search; and

The term "particular search" shall mean a search over any period not exceeding five years for any given entry.

43. The forms in the first schedule to this Act, or forms as Use of forms, nearly resembling the same as circumstances admit, shall be

used in all cases in which they are applicable, and when so used shall be valid in law.

44. It shall be lawful for the Local Government Board or Power of Local the Registrar General, with the consent of the Local Government Board, by order to alter from time to time all or any General of the forms contained in the schedules to the principal Act to alter forms and this Act, or in any order under this section, in such manner as may appear to them best for carrying into effect c> 86 > the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, or to and make regu-

1^0"*-

454

Ch. 88.

Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

liecovery of penalties.

Time for prosecution of offence.

Tarticulars required to he registered concerning birth or death.

Interpretation.

prescribe new forms for that purpose, and from time to time to make regulations for prescribing any matters authorised by this Act to be prescribed, and to revoke and alter such regulations.

Any order made in pursuance of this section shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament is sitting, 'within fourteen days after the issue of the same, or if Parliament is not then setting, within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session.

Every form when altered in pursuance of this section shall have the same effect as if it had been contained in a schedule to the principal Act or this Act, as the case may be, and every regulation made in pursuance of this section shall, while in force, have the same effect as if it were enacted in this Act

45. All fines and forfeitures imposed by the principal Act and all penalties imposed by this Act may, unless otherwise directed, be recovered on summary conviction before two justices in manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and when so recovered shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury may from time to time direct, and be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Where the court of summary jurisdiction before whom a person is charged summarily with an offence under this Act, which is also punishable on indictment, think that proceedings ought to be taken against such person by indictment, they may adjourn the case to enable such proceedings to be taken.

46. A prosecution on indictment for an offence under this Act shall be commenced within three years after the commission of such offence.

47. The particulars required to be registered concerning a birth or death shall be the particulars specified in the forms in Schedules A. and B. respectively to the principal Act, as amended by the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837, and by this Act, or as altered in pursuance of this Act.

48. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, — The term "public institution" means a prison, /lock-up, workhouse, lunatic asylum, hospital, and any prescribed public or charitable institution:

The term "house " includes a public institution as above defined:

The term "occupier" includes the governor, keeper, master, matron, superintendent, or other chief resident officer of every public institution, and where a house is let in separate apartments or lodgings includes any person residing in such house who is the person under whom such

1874. Registration of Birtlis and Deaths. Ch. 88. 455

lodgings or separate apartments are immediately held, or his agent:

The term "relative " includes a relative by marriage:

The term "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made from time to time in pursuance of section five of the principal Act or of this Act:

The term "appointed fee" means the fee specified in the second schedule to this Act:

The term "guardians'' includes any body of persons performing the functions of guardians within the meaning of the Acts relating to the relief of the poor:

The term union" means any union or incorporation of parishes under any general or local Act, and includes any single parish having guardians under any such Act:

The term "common fund " means, in the case of a single parish, the fund out of which the expenses of the guardians of such parish are paid:

The term "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of " justices of the peace out of sessions within England " and Wales with respect to summary convictions and " orders," and any Acts amending the same:

The term "court of summary jurisdiction" means any justice or justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or any Acts therein referred to.

49. Where reference is made in this Act to a registrar or Definition of superintendent registrar in connexion with any birth or death registrar and or other event, or any register, such reference shall (unless ^1r^trend'jnt the contrary be expressed) be deemed to be made to the registrar who is the registrar for the sub-district in which such birth or death or other event took place, or who keeps the register in which the birth or death or other event is or is required to be registered, or who keeps the register referred to, and to the superintendent registrar who superintends such registrar as aforesaid.

50. This Act shall not come into operation until the first Commence-day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, ment* winch day is referred to in this Act as the commencement of

this Act.

51. This Act, save as is herein otherwise expressly provided, Extent of Act. shall extend only to England and Wales.

52. This Act shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor Construction thereof, be construed as one with so much as is unrepealed of g &

the Acts mentioned in the third schedule to this Act, and the c. 86. and

45 G

7 W. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 22., and 21 & 22 Vict. c. 25., and short title.

[Short title.]

Repeal of Acts in schedule.

Ch. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

first of those Acts is in this Act referred to as the principal Act, and each of those Acts may be cited as the Births and Deaths Registration Act of the year in which it was passed, and those Acts, together with this Act, may be cited as the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874.

53. This Act may be cited as the " Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

Repeal.

54. The Acts specified in the fifth schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, from and after the commencement of this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(a.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed, or the proof of any past act or . thing;

(b.) Any right, privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or,

(c.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed; or,

(d.) Any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if this Act had not passed.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

FORMS.

Form certifying Name given in Baptism.

I of

do hereby certify, that on the by the name of duced to me by of

have been born at on the

18 .

in the county of

18 I baptised a male child proas the

and declared by the said to

in the county of 18 . Witness my hand, this

[Signed by officiating minuter.

Registration of Births and Deaths.

Ch. 88.

457

Form certifying Name given not in Baptism.

I do hereby certify that the male child

born on the, Jk in the county of

to and his wife,

and registered in the sub-district of on the

18, has (without being baptized) received the name of

Witness my hand, this 18 .

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Fees to Registrars and Superintendent Registrars.

For registering a birth or death when required to do so at residence of person signing requisition, or at house where child born or person died (not being a public institution), to registrar one shilling, to be paid by the informant.

Upon the registration of a birth when the child is more than three months old, if it is not more than twelve months old, to superintendent registrar two shillings and sixpence, and to the registrar (unless the delay is occasioned by his failure to issue a requisition, or otherwise by his default)* two shillings and sixpence, and if it is more than twelve months old, and is registered with the authority of the Registrar General, to superintendent registrar five shillings, and to registrar (unless the delay is occasioned by his failure to issue a requisition or otherwise by his default) five shillings, to be paid by the informant or declarant.

Upon the registration of a death with the authority of the Registrar General after the expiration of twelve months, to the superintendent registrar five shillings, and to the registrar (unless the delay is occasioned by his failure to issue a requisition or otherwise by his default) five shillings, to be paid by the informant or declarant.

For taking, attesting, and transmitting a declaration made by an informant respecting a birth in another sub-district, to the registrar attesting the declaration two shillings, to be paid by the informant.

For entering the baptismal or other name of child upon certificate produced after registry of birth, to superintendent registrar or registrar one shilling, to be paid by the person procuring the name to be entered.

Correction of error of fact in register, to superintendent registrar or registrar two shillings and sixpence, to be paid by the person requiring the error to be corrected.

For every search, to the superintendent registrar, to be paid by the applicant for the search, if it is a general search, five shillings, if it is a particular search, one shilling.

For a certified copy of any entry given by the superintendent registrar, two shillings and sixpence to the superintendent registrar, to be paid by the applicant.

458

Ch. 88. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vier.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Births and Deaths Registration Acts.

Session and Chapter. Title. i

6&7 Will.4. c. 86. - An Act for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22. An Act to explain and amend the Acts passed in the last session of Parliament for marriage, and for registering births, deaths/and marriages in England.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend the Act concerning n on-parochial registers, and the Acts for marriages, and for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England, and concerning raccination.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Particulars to he registered by Captain of a Ship concerning a Birth at Sea.

Date of birth.

Name (if any) and sex of the child.

Name and surname, and rank, profession, or occupation of the father. Name and surname, and maiden surname of mother.

Nationality and last place of abode of the father and mother.

Particulars to be registered by Captain of a Ship concerning a Death at Sea.

Date of death.

Name and surname.

Sex.

Age.

Rank, profession, or occupation. Nationality and last place of abodei Cause of death.

Registration of Births and Deaths.

Ch. 88.

459

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Portions of Acts which have already been specifically repealed are in some instances included in the repeal in this schedule, in order to preclude henceforth the necessity of looking back to previous Acts.

Session and Chapter.

Title or Abbreviated Title.

Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

An Act for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England.

7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 22.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts passed in the last session of Parliament, for marriages, and for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England.

An Act to provide for the better registration of births, deaths, and marriages in Scotland.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119.

Passengers Act, 1855

Sections one, four, twelve, and sixteen, section eighteen from " as herein-after provided at a reasonable " price " to the end of the section, sections nineteen to twenty-eight, section thirty-six, section thirty-nine from "according to "the provisions of" to the end of the section, so much of sections forty-one, forty-two, and forty-four as relates to registrars or registers of births and deaths, sections forty-five and fifty, and schedules (E.), (F.), and (G.)

Sections two, four, six, thirteen, sixteen, twenty-one, twenty-five, and thirty-one.

Sections thirty and forty-three.

Sections two hundred and seventy-three and two hundred and eighty-two, so far as they relate to the entry of any birth or death.

Section sixteen from "and the said master shall note " in writing" down to " An Act for registering " births, deaths, and marriages in England," and section one hundred from

"such emigration or customs officer " to the end of the section.

Ch. 88, 89. Registration of Births and Deaths. 37 & 38 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title or Abbreviated Title. Extent of Repeal.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. An Act to amend the Act concerning non-parochial registers, and the Acts for marriages, and for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England, and concerning vaccination. The whole Act, except sections one to four.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 11. An Act for the registration of births and deaths in Ireland. Sections thirty-nine and forty.

CHAPTER 89.

An Act to amend and extend the Sanitary Laws.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Sanitary Acts should be explained and amended, and that sundry other provisions should be made to extend the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Explanation and Amendment of Public Health Act, 1872.

Rural sanitary 1. It is hereby declared that the rural sanitary authority is authority and the same body as the board of guardians of the union or dians declared Parish for or within which such authority acts, and that all to be the same statutes, orders, and legal provisions applicable to a board of authority. guardians apply to them when acting as such rural sanitary authority, except so far as any provision of the Public Health Act, 1872 (herein termed the principal Act), relating to the acting or voting of a guardian or otherwise, may be to the contrary.

Where first 2. Where any sanitary authority shall be acting in the meeting not execution of the said Act, their proceedings, from the time cordance°with w^en they have so acted or shall hereafter so act, shall be 35 & 36 Vict deemed, if otherwise not invalid, to be legal, notwithstanding c. 79. s. 6. that a first meeting was not held by them in accordance with section six of the said Act; and their first meeting after the passing of the said Act shall be deemed their first meeting within the meaning of the seventh, eighth, and ninth sections of that Act.

1874. Sanitary Lwwa Amendment. Ch. 89. 4iji

3. Whereas doubts have arisen as to the extent and meaning The transfer of of tho seventh section of the principal Act: Be it therefore

declared and enacted, that the provisions of the said section shall be deemed to have applied to every authority acting at thorities under the time of the passing of the principal Act under the powers local Acts* conferred upon them by a Local Act with respect to any sanitary purposes, and that all the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations of any authority having jurisdiction under a Local Act in the district of an urban sanitary authority at the time of the passing of the principal Act, so far as they or any of them related to such purposes, were transferred to and became attached to the urban sanitary authority therein referred to.

Provided that where any body of turnpike trustees have Proviso as to powers for any such sanitary purposes as aforesaid under a Local Act, such trustees shall not be deemed to be an urban pi e 8 eeB* sanitary authority, but all their powers and obligations under such Acts for such purposes shall be transferred to the sanitary authority within whose district the area to which the Local Act applies shall be locally contained.

Provided that all acts, matters, rates, orders, or other things heretofore done, performed, assessed, or made by any authority under any Local Act in this section referred to, or commenced and not completed at the time when this Act shall come into operation, shall be legal, notwithstanding the said enactment, if not otherwise invalid.

4. It is also further declared and enacted, that the transfer Transfer of of property provided for in section nine of the principal Act property in applies to the property of the authority acting under the 8Uch case8' powers conferred upon them by a Local Act for sanitary purposes, so far as such property is held for such purposes.

Provided that the dealing of any such authority with property previously vested in them before the passing of this Act, and not already brought into question in any court of law, shall be valid, notwithstanding the principal Act or this section.

5. Whereas provision is made in the tenth section of the Provision for principal Act for the joint appointment of certain officers for

two or more sanitary districts, but the mode of making such officers.^ ° joint appointment is not prescribed: When, therefore, two or more sanitary authorities agree to join in the appointment of a medical officer of health or inspector of nuisances, the Local Government Board, if they approve of the agreement, shall, by order, prescribe the manner in which such officer shall be elected by the authorities so joining in the appointment, and determine the proportions in which the reasonable expenses of and incident to such election shall be borne by such authorities respectively.

CH. 89.

Sanitary Laws Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

Assistant clerk may be appointed instead of clerk.

Parochial committeeman's qualification.

Provision as to their expenses.

Of parochial expenses.

Expenses in urban sanitary authority.

Provisional order may change incidence of charge.

6. If the clerk to the board of guardians of any union or parish be unwilling or incompetent to act for them in discharge of their duties as rural sanitary authority, they may appoint their assistant clerk to act for them as their clerk in such matters, with remuneration as in the principal Act is provided.

7. The qualification, so far as regards rating, of a member of the parochial committee authorised to be appointed by the rural sanitary authority in any parish or contributory place where no separate rate is in force for sanitary purposes shall be that he shall contribute or be liable to contribute to the poor rate in such parish or contributory place.

A parochial committee may be empowered by the rural sanitary authority to incur expenses to such amount as shall be prescribed by such authority, but must not exceed such amount.

It shall report the expenditure so incurred from time to time to the authority, according to the directions of such authority; and the amount so reported, if otherwise legally incurred, shall be discharged by the authority as other demands upon it are discharged.

8. Whereas doubts have arisen as to the meaning of the proviso to the sixteenth section of the principal Act, with reference to the rate therein mentioned as a rate levied within the district: Be it therefore declared, that such rate shall signify one which is levied throughout the whole of the district.

Provided that where any charges to which that section refers have been defrayed out of any rate before the passing of this Act, the same, if not heretofore questioned in any court of law, shall be deemed to have been legally defrayed, so far as any objection could arise out of the proviso in this section referred to.

Provided further, that when any charges directed by the said sixteenth section of the principal Act to be paid in the case of a council of a borough out of the borough fund or borough rate have been hitherto divided between the landlord and tenant in moieties or otherwise, under the provisions of any Local Act in that behalf, the Local Government Board may, upon application, by their order, make provision for the continuance of such division of the charges between parties during the continuance of any contract existing at the passing of the Act.

9. If application be made to the Local Government Board, whereby it shall be alleged that it would be inequitable or inconvenient in the district of any urban sanitary authority that the expenses referred to in the said sixteenth section of the principal Act should be borne as therein provided, the said Board may, after inquiry by a provisional order, alter the

Sanitary Laws Amendment

Ch. 89.

463

incidence of such charge in respect of the whole or some of the expenditure referred to, as to them shall appear to be fair and equitable.

10. Special expenses, as defined by section seventeen of the principal Act, shall include the expenses of the maintenance and cleansing of sewers and streets, of providing, repairing, and cleansing public wells, tanks, cisterns, and pumps, of lighting, where duly authorised, in any contributory place, and the charges or expenses arising out of or incidental to the possession of property transferred to the rural sanitary authority in trust for any parish, district, or contributory place.

11. Whereas the amount of charges for special expenses is sometimes so small in contributory places that no special rate could be conveniently assessed for the same: Where, therefore, the amount required in respect of special expenses in any one year is less than ten pounds, or is so small that a rate less than one penny in the pound would be required to raise the same, the overseers shall not assess and levy any special rate for the same, but shall pay the same out of the poor rate.

12. Where a sanitary authority is constituted a port sanitary authority for any port which contains more than one riparian authority, every riparian authority, other than the port authority itself, shall, if authorised by the order of the Local Government Board to do so, send to the meetings of the port sanitary authority, as representative or representatives of such riparian authority, some member or members of their own board, and such representative members shall be empowered to act as part of thef board of the port sanitary authority in respect of all matters entrusted to such authority.

The number of members to be assigned to each riparian authority shall be determined by the Local Government Board; and such Board may, by order, unite two or more riparian authorities for the election of one representative, and determine the mode of such election.

13. Where several riparian authorities are combined in the district of one port authority the Local Government Board may declare that some one or more of such authorities shall be exempt from contributing to the expenses incurred by such authorities.

14. The Local Government Board may combine the sanitary authorities of several ports into one body to form a port sanitary authority for a district, and assign to such authority a title, and otherwise proceed as in the case of a port sanitary authority provided for by the twentieth section of the principal Act.

And such combination shall be a united district, to which all the provisions of the said Act which relate to such a

Special

expenses.

Provision for special expenses of small amounts.

Riparian authorities to have representatives on port sanitary board.

Riparian authority may be exempted from contribution.

The sanitary authorities of several ports may be combined.

Ch. 8D.

Provisional orders for dissolution of districts.

Provisional orders under sect. 33. of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 79.

Extension of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 79. s. 39. as to adjustment of accounts.

Compensation to officers deprived by any provisional order.

Expenses of police officer acting under 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90. s. 16. provided for.

Order against a defaulting snnitary authority may be enforced by mandamus.

Sanita'ry Laws Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

district shall apply, except the necessity for the previous application to the Local Government Board and the previous inquiry.

15. When the Local Government Board propose by an order to dissolve a district, to detach part of an existing district, and to form another district out of the dissolved district and such other part, they may do so by one provisional order.

And when they form an urban sanitary district under section twenty-four of the principal Act, they may, by the order constituting the district, if they see tit, divide the district into wards for the election of members.

16. The Local Government Board may, when applied to by the sanitary authority for the alteration or amendment of any Local Act under section thirty-three of the principal Act, extend the provisions of any Local Act therein referred to beyond the boundaries of the district comprised therein, or diminish the area to which such Local Act shall apply, by provisional order.

17. The thirty-ninth section of the principal Act, which provides for the adjustment of accounts, shall apply to cases of transfer or alleged transfer subsequent to the passing of the said Act-, made by the operation of that Act, or under any provisional order of the Local Government Board, and such Board may include any settlement or adjustment made in accordance with such section in any provisional order which may give rise to the same.

18. The power of awarding compensation to officers conferred by the thirty-third section of the principal Act shall be extended to officers who may be deprived of their office by reason of that Act or of any provisional order made under the authority thereof.

Amendments of other Sanitary Acts. Powers and Duties of Sanitary Authorities.

19. Where, under the directions of the Local Government Board, the chief officer of police in any place institutes proceedings under the sixteenth section of the Sanitary Act, 18G6, he shall be entitled to recover from the authority in default all such expenses in and about such proceedings as he may incur, and as shall not be paid by the party proceeded against.

20. When the Local Government Board shall have at any time made any order under the forty-ninth section of the Sanitary Act, 1860, limiting the time for the performance by any authority of its duty, such order may be enforced by writ of mandamus, notwithstanding the provision in the said

Sanitary Laws Amendment.

Ch. 89.

465

section contained for the performance of the duty in the event of the continued default of the sanitary authority.

2L Every urban sanitary authority, and every rural sani- Duty of urban tary authority who shall have been invested with the requisite ci^anse^treets powers, shall, when the Local Government Board by order privies, and so direct, make due provision for the proper cleansing of ashpits, streets, the removal of house refuse from premises, and the cleansing of earth closets, privies, ashpits, and cesspools within its district.

If any sanitary authority having made such provision fail, Penalty on without reasonable excuse, after notice in writing from the ^!ec^f occupier of any house situated in such district requiring such to cleanse authority to remove any house refuse, or to cleanse any earth privies or ash-doset, privy, cesspool, or ashpit belonging to such house, or pite-used by the inmates or occupiers thereof, to cause the same to be removed or cleansed, as the case may be, within seven days, the sanitary authority shall on summary conviction be liable to pay to the occupier of such house a penalty not exceeding five shillings for every day during which such default continues after the expiration of the said period.

Constitution and Election of Local Boards.

22. When an owner shall have made or shall hereafter Statements of make a claim to vote in any matter to which the Sanitary ^vailable Acts apply, and shall have sent in his claim according to the for au subse-provisions applicable thereto, such claim, if legally valid quent prootherwise, shall remain in force for all occasions, so long as ceedings* the owner shall continue to be qualified to vote as owner,

unless he shall withdraw the same.

And the appointment of a proxy authorised to be given by Appointments any of the said Acts shall continue in force for all occasions, of proxies, until revoked, or the proxy resign, or the qualification of the corporation, company, or body making the appointment shall cease.

23. The local board shall cause a register to be made and Register of kept, and from time to time revised, in which shall be entered ?w"ers to be the names, addresses, and qualifications of the owners making ep claims, and the names or descriptions, addresses, and qualifications of the bodies appointing the proxies, and the names

and addresses of such proxies; and such register shall be open to the inspection of candidates and other persons interested at any election, or in any question at which any such owner or proxy claims to vote, subject to such rules as the returning officer or chairman may prescribe for the prevention of loss, injury, or disorder.

24. The fourteenth section of the " Local Government Act. Repeal of

1858," is hereby repealed. 2l9* 22 ^lct *

466

Power to divide districts into wards at any time, and to settle disputes as to boundaries.

Provision for uniform election of boards in March.

25. The Local Government Board may at any time divide a district into wards according to the provisions contained in the twenty-fourth section of the said last-mentioned Act, and may from time to time, after local inquiry, alter and re-adjust the areas, boundaries, or numbers of the representatives of the several wards in any district as they shall deem expedient: Provided that where the district and wards shall have been formed by provisional order, such alteration or readjustment shall be made by provisional order only.

And where any dispute shall exist as to the boundaries of adjoining districts, the said board may, upon the application of the boards interested therein, after local inquiry, make an order to settle the same, and shall publish such order when made in one or more newspapers circulating in the respective districts.

Such order, from a date to be appointed therein, shall be conclusive upon the question to which it relates.

26. Whereas it is advisable that there should be uniformity in the time at which all local boards formed under any of the Sanitary Acts shall annually commence their term of office:

Now therefore, henceforth the last day for receiving nominations for every local boardffieretofore or hereafter constituted under any provision of the Sanitary Acts or any Act embodying the provisions thereof, except in the district of Oxford, shall be the twenty-sixth day of March in every year; but if the twenty-sixth day of March be Sunday, Good Friday, or Easter Monday, the last day for receiving such nominations shall be the twenty-seventh day of March, or if it be Easter Sunday, such last day shall be the twenty-eighth day of March, and in any of these events the days for all the subsequent proceedings of the election shall be settled accordingly, in conformity with the intervals provided by the above-mentioned Acts, and the day of election shall in all cases be the day appointed in the notice for the collection of the voting papers.

Provided that all elections which but for this Act would have commenced before the twenty-sixth-day of March next shall be postponed until such day, and the members in office, where no election shall be pending at the passing of this Act, who would be required to go out of office sooner shall be entitled to continue in office until such day, and the members who would have continued to hold office after the said twenty-sixth day of March shall be entitled to hold their office as if they had been nominated on the twenty-sixth day of March next after the day on which the election took place; or, in the case of a member elected to fill a casual vacancy, on the twenty-sixth day of March next after the day of the election of the member whose place he filled, regard

Sanitary Laws Amendment

Ch. 89.

467

being had to the successive periods of retirement provided for in the Sanitary Acts with respect to members of local boards.

27. The annual meeting of every local board shall be held Day of the an-

as soon as convenient after the completion of the annual nual meeting. election. T . n

Local Govern-

28. The Local Government Board may, after local inquiry,

increase or diminish, by order, the number of members of a ^dimST

local board. number of

members.

29. When for the purpose of passing a resolution in the How meetings manner prescribed for the adoption of the Local Government of owners and Act, 1858, it is necessary that a meeting of owners of property and ratepayers in any urban sanitary district should be sum- in districts, moned, the mayor of the borough, or the chairman or acting chairman of the sanitary authority of the district, as the case may be, shall be the summoning officer of such meeting of owners and ratepayers, and shall be the chairman of the meeting, and shall conduct the same to its conclusion.

All expenses lawfully incurred by him in and about such meeting shall be paid out of the funds of the authority applicable to their general expenses.

If the mayor or chairman, as the case may be, shall be unable or unwilling to preside at the meeting or at the poll in the said Act provided, the town council or the sanitary authority respectively shall appoint some other person to preside.

30. The limit of the amount of any contract of a local Provision as to board which is required by the eighty-fifth section of the oflo^boarfs " Public Health Act, 1848," to be executed under seal, shall be enlarged to fifty pounds.

Provisions as to the Acquisition of Property.

31. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, may, when Extension of

put in force under any provision of the Sanitary Acts, be Lands Clauses applied to all land, easements, and rights in, over, or upon ease- land, whether situated within or without the district of the ments and sanitary authority. rights.

32. The Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster Provision for for the time being may, if they shall think fit, (but subject J*nds b£lon£" and without prejudice to the rights of any lessee, tenant, or DuchyofLan-occupier,) from time to time contract and agree with any caster, sanitary authority for the sale of, and may (subject as aforesaid) absolutely make sale and dispose of, for such sum or

Bums of money as to the said Chancellor and Council shall appear sufficient consideration for the same, the whole or any part of any messuage, building, land, or hereditaments belonging to Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, in right of the said duchy, or any right, interest, or easement in, through,

Ch. 89.

Sanitary Laws Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

Power to purchase water mills, dams, and weirs.

Urban sanitary authority may let land or premises.

Notices to owners and occupiers may be given in other months than November and December.

Amendment of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98. s. 57. regarding loans to sanitary authorities.

over, or upon any such messuage, building, land, or hereditaments which, for the purposes of any of the Sanitary Acts, such sanitary authority from time to time deem it expedient to purchase; and upon payment of the purchase money as provided by the Duchy of Lancaster Lands Act, 1855, the said Chancellor and Council may grant and assure to the said authority, under the seal of the said duchy, in the name of Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, the subject of such contract and agreement or sale, and such money shall be dealt with as if such subject had been sold under the authority of "The Duchy of Lancaster Lands Act, 1855."

33. Any sanitary authority may, subject to the provisions of this Act and of the Sanitary Acts, buy up any water mill, dam, or weir which interferes with the proper drainage of or the supply of water to its district, and may, for the purpose of supplying its district with water for drinking and domestic purposes, purchase, either within or without its district, any land covered with water, or any water or right to take or convey water; and for the purpose of buying up any of the properties aforesaid, the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and any Act amending the same, shall be incorporated with this section, but the compulsory powers of purchase contained in the said Lands Clauses Act shall not be exercised except in pursuance of a provisional order of the Local Government Board.

34. Any urban sanitary authority not heretofore empowered to do so may let temporarily, or for a term of years, with the consent of the Local Government Board, any land or premises which they may possess, as and when they can conveniently spare the same.

35. The notices which, by the seventy-fifth section of the Local Government Act, 1858, are required to be given in the months of November and December, may be given in the months of September and October, or of October and November, but no inquiry preliminary to the provisional order to which such notices refer shall be held in either of such two last-mentioned cases until the expiration of one month from the end of the second of the two months in which the notices are given.

jBorrowing Powers.

36. The fifty-seventh section of the Local Government Act, 1858, shall extend to reborrowing for the purpose of discharging previous loans, as well as to original loans, and be amended so that the following provision shall be substituted for that contained in the paragraph No. 2 .; namely,

The money so borrowed shall not at any time exceed, with the balances of all the outstanding loans of the sanitary authority under the Sanitary Acts, in the whole, the assessable

Ch. 89.

469

Sanitary Laws Amendment

value for two years of the premises assessable within the district in respect of which such money may be borrowed, and the time for which the money may be borrowed shall not exceed sixty years, instead of thirty years as in the said section is declared:

Provided that where the proposed loan with such balances would exceed one year's assessable value, the Local Government Board shall not give their sanction to the loan until a local inquiry shall have been held by one of their inspectors, and his report of the result of such inquiry shall have been received by them:

Provided also, that where a loan is effected to pay off a previous loan, the time for repayment shall not extend beyond the unexpired term of the period for which the original loan was contracted, unless with the sanction of the Local Government Board, and shall in no case be extended beyond the period of sixty years from the date of the original borrowing:

Provided further, that nothing herein contained shall enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance money under any provision of the Sanitary Acts for a longer period than fifty years.

37. The seventy-eighth section of the said last-mentioned The 21 &; 22 Act and the nineteenth section of the Local Government Act Vict. c. 98.8.78. Amendment Act, 1861, are hereby repealed, except so far as Vict.2c. 6i.8?i9. either of them may apply to any proceedings commenced but repealed, not completed at the passing of this Act.

Audit of Accounts.

38. The power of the auditor to audit the accounts of Auditor to sanitary authorities under the several Acts applicable thereto ^ount8 shall extend to the accounts of the officers, assistants, or servants of the said authorities who are required to receive

moneys or goods on behalf of such authorities, with the same consequences and subject to the same powers as in the case of the members of the boards of such authorities.

It shall be sufficient if the Local Board give fourteen days notice of the audit, instead of twenty days notice as required by the sixtieth section of the Local Government Act, 1858.

39. The taxation of bills referred to in section fifty of the Amendment of

principal Act may be made by the clerk of the peace as well ^7* m toCt as by his deputy. Nation of

40. Every notice required to be given on behalf of a blU *

sanitary authority shall be deemed to be sufficient on their 10

behalf, if it be written or printed, or partly written and

partly printed, and purports, to be signed by the clerk or acting dork, surveyor, or inspector of nuisances, of such authority.

Ch. 89.

Sanitary Laws Amendment. 37 & 38 Vict.

Prohibition of works before approval.

Costs of sanitary authority in removing works to be recovered by summary proceeding.

Provision for continuing breaches of byelaws.

Byelaws as to roofs, foundations, and spouts of houses.

Byelaws as to hop-pickers.

Byelaws made for prevention, &c. of nuisances to be submitted to Local Government Board.

Byda/ws.

4L No work for which a notice, plan, or description is required by any byelaw legally made and confirmed under any statute in that behalf to be laid before a sanitary authority shall be commenced before the expiration of one month from the day on which the said notice, plan, or description shall have been delivered to such authority at their office, or at the office of their surveyor, nor at all if the said authority give notice of disapproval within one month from the day of such delivery, unless the person proposing to execute the work can show that the same is in every respect conformable to every such byelaw as well as to the general law applicable to it.

42. Where any sanitary authority incurs expenses in or about the removal of any works executed contrary to any byelaw, such authority may recover, by proceedings before justices in a summary manner, subject to the same consequences and incidents as in other cases under the Sanitary Acts, the amount of such expenses from the person executing the works removed, or from the person causing the said works to be executed, at the discretion of such authority.

43. Where a sanitary authority may lawfully remove, alter, or pull down any work begun or done in contravention of any byelaw, or where the beginning or the doing of the work is an offence in respect whereof the offender is liable under such byelaw to a penalty, the continued existence of the work in such a form and state as to be in contravention of the byelaw shall be deemed to be a continuing offence, within the provision of the Sanitary Acts applicable to byelaws, during a period of one year from the day when the offence was committed, or the byelaw was broken.

44. The power of making byelaws in regard to the walls of buildings shall be extended to the roofs, foundations, and spouts on the outside thereof, and for purposes of health as well as for the purposes of stability and protection against fire.

45. Every sanitary authority may make byelaws, to be confirmed by the Local Government Board, for regulating the lodging and other treatment of persons engaged in hop-picking in the district of such authority.

46. The byelaws made by the council of any municipal corporation under the provisions of the ninetieth section of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-six, for the prevention and suppression of such nuisances as are the subjects of byelaws to be made under section thirty-two of the Local Government Act, 1858, shall be submitted to the said Local Government Board, who

1874

Ch. 89.

471

Sanitary Laws Amendment.

shall confirm or disallow the same as to them shall seem right, and when any such byelaw shall have been so confirmed it shall be published and enforced as other byelaws made under the Sanitary Acts; and the regulations to be made by the local Confirmation authority under the ninth section of the Common Lodging of regulations Houses Act, 1851, shall be confirmed by the Local Govern- i^d^ng°mm°n ment Board instead of by one of Her Majesty's Principal Houses Act. Secretaries of State.

And where any byelaw is required to be confirmed by the Confirmation Local Government Board, no confirmation by any other autho- of byelftWS' rity shall be required.

47. The Local Government Board may, at its discretion, by Regulations as notice to be published in the London Gazette, declare the to lod£in^M in enactment contained in section thirty-five of the Sanitary Act, dinner140 1866, to be in force in any part of the metropolis and in the district of any sanitary authority, notwithstanding the restrictions in the said section contained; and from and after the publication of such notice the authority named therein shall be empowered to make regulations in respect of the matters in that section mentioned, but such regulations shall not be of any validity unless and until they are confirmed by the Local Government Board.

Regulations made under the said section may extend to ventilation of rooms, paving and drainage of premises, the separation of the sexes, and to notices to be given and precautions to be taken in case of any dangerously infectious or contagious disease, under the powers of this Act, or of the principal Act, or of the Acts therein mentioned.

48. Any rural sanitary authority who shall propose to Notice, inspec-make any byelaw under the Sanitary Acts shall cause a copy Nation oft^e of the proposed byelaw to be deposited in their board room iaw8 of

for the space of one month before applying to the Local sanitary autho-Government Board for confirmation, and the same shall be ntie8, open to inspection, and copies shall be furnished upon the same terms, and there shall be the same notice of application for confirmation as in the ease of the byelaws of an urban sanitary authority.

All byelaws made by a rural sanitary authority, when confirmed, shall be printed, and a copy thereof shall be hung up in their board room, and a copy shall be transmitted to the overseers of every parish to which the same shall apply, to be deposited with the public documents of the parish, and to be open to the inspection of any ratepayer in the parish at all reasonable hours.

And the clerk of the rural sanitary authority shall deliver a copy of the byelaw, when so confirmed, to any ratepayer of the district upon his application for the same.

49. The keeper of every common lodging house which is Notices of cmn-registered under the Common Lodging Houses Acts, and the houses

Rr 2 r i

slaughter-houses to be affixed on premises.

Provision for polluted water in wells and pumps.

Sanitary Laws Amendment.

37 & 38 Vict.

owner or occupier of every slaughter-house causing the same to be licensed or registered, as the case may be, under the Sanitary Acts, shall, when required to do so by the authority registering or licensing the same, cause a notice with the words " Registered Lodging House," or " Licensed or Registered Slaughter House," as the case may be, to be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outside of the premises where the same can be seen by any inspector or officer of the sanitary authority.

Such notice shall be affixed within one month after the registration or license, as the case may be, and shall be continued undefaced and legible so long as the premises are used for the purpose.

Every person who shall make default in this respect, or shall neglect or refuse to affix or renew such notice after requisition in writing from the sanitary authority, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding, five pounds for every offence, and of ten shillings for every day that the neglect shall continue after conviction.

Miscellaneous Sanitary Provisions,

50. If it shall be represented to any nuisance authority in the metropolis or to any sanitary authority that within their district the water in any well, tank, or cistern, public or private, or supplied from any public pump, and used or likely to be used for domestic purposes, is so polluted as to be injurious to health, such authority may apply to any justices having jurisdiction within their district, in petty sessions assembled, for an order to remedy the same, and thereupon such justices shall summon the person occupying the premises to which the well, tank, or cistern belongs, if it be private, and, as regards any public well, tank, or cistern, or pump, such other person as shall be alleged in the application to be interested in the same, and shall either dismiss the application or make such an order in the case, by directing the well, tank, or cistern, or pump to be permanently or temporarily closed, or the water to be used for certain purposes only, or providing otherwise, as shall appear to them to be requisite to prevent injury to the health of persons drinking the water.

For the purposes of such inquiry, the said justices may cause the water to be analysed at the cost of the sanitary authority applying.

And all the expenses incurred by such authority in and about the procuring of this order, and in carrying it into execution, shall be charged upon the funds applicable to their general expenditure, but, in the case of a rural sanitary authority, shall be deemed to be special expenses within the meaning of the Sanitary Acts.

1874.

Sanitary Laws Amendment.

Cfl. 89.

473

Provided that where the order is made in respect of any private well, [tank, or cistern, any person aggrieved thereby may appeal against the same in the manner provided by the one hundred and thirty-fifth section of the Public Health Act,

1848, and with the same incidents and consequences.

Where the justices dismiss the application, they may, if they think fit, award such costs to the person summoned as to them shall appear to be reasonable.

51. For the purposes of the twenty-sixth section of the Hospital when Sanitary Act, 1866, every hospital or place for the reception

of the sick which shall be declared by an order of the Local m c ' Government Board to be situated within a convenient distance of the district of any authority, for the purposes of that section shall be deemed to be within the district of such authority.

Where a justice shall make an order under that section for Provision for the removal of a sick person' to a hospital or other place, he ^eo^eerc^n shall address it to such police or other officer as he shall justice reconsider expedient; and every person wilfully disobeying the moving sick order, or obstructing the execution of the same, shall be a

guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction before two justices, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

52. The fifty-first and fifty-second sections of the principal Extension of Act shall apply to the metropolis, and the local authorities 35 & 36 Vict-empowered to execute the Nuisance Removal Acts in the the metro-metropolis and in the city of London respectively shall be polis. deemed to be sanitary authorities within the operation of

the said fifty-first section, and shall be empowered to pay the expenses to be incurred by them under those sections out of their general rate.

53. The right of complaint given by the thirteenth section Extension of of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of

Her Majesty, chapter seventy-seven, shall extend to nuisances Nd^nws Rein any parish or place, whether on private or public premises, moval Acts, and may be exercised by any inhabitant in such parish or place, or by any owner of premises situated therein, or by any other person aggrieved or injuriously affected thereby.

54. The second section of the Nuisances Removal Act for The provisions England (Amendment) Act, 1863, shall extend to milk in the same manner as if that word had been introduced after the Act for Eng word " flour " wherever the word " flour " occurs in the said land (Amend-section; and the justice who under the said section is empowered to convict the offender therein described, may be x en e other than the justice who may have ordered the article to be disposed of or destroyed.

55. On complaint made by a medical officer of health or Warrant may by any inspector or other officer of a nuisance authority in be g^fed by

Rr 3

474

Ch. 89.

Sanitary Laws Amendment* 37 & 38 Vict.

a justice to the metropolis, or of any sanitary authority upon oath, any

search for on- jU8tice may grant a warrant to any such officer to enter any feoun oo building or part of a building or other place in which the complainant has reasonable ground for believing that any animal, carcase, meat, poultry, game, fish, fruit, vegetables, corn, bread, flour, milk, intended for sale for the food of man, which is so diseased, unsound, or unwholesome, as to be unfit for the food of man, is kept or concealed, and to search for, seize, and carry away any such animal, carcase, meat, poultry, game, fish, fruit, vegetables, com, bread, flour, or milk, in order to have the same dealt with in manner provided by law; and any person obstructing any such officer in performance of any duty under this section shall, in addition to any other punishment to which he may be subject, be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

Penalty on 56. If any owner or occupier or person employed to let J^J^e^rescn- for hire, or to show for the purposes of letting for hire, any nawit house or p&rt of a house, when questioned by any person negotiating for the hire of such house or part of a house as to the feet of there being in such house, or having within six weeks previously been therein, any person suffering from an infectious, contagious, or epidemic disease, knowingly makes a false answer to such question, the person so answering falsely shall be guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction, and, at the discretion of the justices having cognizance of the case, be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding one month, or to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

muuuD wnu

respect to infectious disease.

Interpretation of Words.

Interpretation 57. All the words used in this Act shall have the same of words. meaning as assigned to them in the Sanitary Acts as defined by the principal Act; and all the provisions of the Sanitary Acts shall apply to this Act, except so far as they shall be repealed hereby, or shall be inconsistent with anything herein contained.

Provided that all rights, powers, and authorities saved by any of the said Acts, and not transferred or expressly repealed by this Act, and all enactments incidental to such rights, powers, and authorities, shall be and remain in full force and validity.

The term "sanitary authority " used in the forty-first and forty-second sections of the Public Health Act, 1872, shall be held to include a local board of health constituted for the purposes of main sewerage only; and the term "consent" used in the twenty-fifth section of the said Act shall be deemed to apply and to have applied to a consent given either before or after the passing of the resolution for the

Scmitary Lows Amendment

475

1874.

Ch. 89, 90.

adoption of the Acts or for the constitution of the district therein referred to.

58. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

59. This Act may be cited as " The Sanitary Law Amend- Title of Act. ment Act, 1874."

CHAPTER 90.

An Act to declare the Validity of Orders of the Education Department, with respect to United School Districts, and to make better Provision with respect to such Orders.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS the Education Department, in pursuance of 33 & 34 Vict.

the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, have g*67^ 38j made the orders mentioned in the schedule to this Act with c. 86-respect to the united school districts mentioned in those orders:

And whereas upon the application of a school board of one of the said united districts for a loan from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, doubts have been raised as to the validity of the said orders, or some of them, and the right of persons acting as members of a school board to act as such:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education (Orders) Act, 1874.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Elementary Construction Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, which are in this Act referred of Act. to as the principal Acts.

3. The orders made in pursuance of the principal Acts by Validity of the Education Department, which are mentioned in the sche- or^ in dule to this Act, shall be deemed to have been authorised sc e u e* by those Acts, and to have been duly made, and shall have fhll effect accordingly; and as respects each of the said orders the school district formed thereby shall be deemed to have been and to be legally formed; and any school board which has been or is acting as such in any such district shall be deemed to have been and to be a legally constituted school board; and any persons who have been or are acting as members of a school board in any such district shall be deemed to have been legally chosen, and to have formed and to form a legal school board; and on the retirement of all or

m

Ch. 90, 91. Education Department Orders. 37 & 88 Vict.

Validity of future orders.

Number of ordinary Mem here of Governor-General's Council may be increased.

any members of a school board in any such district, the vacancies may be filled up in the same manner in all respects as if such retiring members or member had been and were in all respects legally chosen members of a legally constituted school board.

4. From and after the passing of this Act the Education Department may, if they think fit, make orders directing that any school board, which at the date of any order for forming a united school district exists in any of the school districts constituting such united school district shall either with or without any change in the existing members, or in the number of the members thereof, be the school board for the united school district.

SCHEDULE. List of Orders.

Date of Order. United District to which Order refers. County.

7th April 1873 East and West Looe Cornwall.

10th July 1873 Bersham - Denbigh.

4th November 1873- Hutton Cranswick - York (East Riding).

5th January 1874 - Mickleton - Gloucester.

12th January 1874 - Brecon - Brecon.

10th January 1874 - Narberth - Pembroke.

14th February 1874 - Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Montgomery.

CHAPTER 91.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Council of the Governor-General of India.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the Council of the Governor-General of India:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she shall see fit, to increase the number of the ordinary Members of the Council of the Governor-General of India to Six, by appointing any person, from time to time, by warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, to be an ordinary Member of the said Council

India Councils.

Ch. 91

477

1874

in addition to the ordinary Members thereof appointed under section three of the "Indian Councils Act, 1861/' and under section eight of the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven. The law for the time being in force with reference to ordinary Members of the Council of the Governor-General of India shall apply to the person so appointed by Her Majesty under this Act, who shall be called the Member of Council for Public Works purposes.

2. Whenever a Member of Council for Public Works purposes shall have been appointed under the first section of this Act, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she shall see fit, to diminish, from time to time, the number of the ordinary Members of the Council of the Governor-General of India to Five, by abstaining so long as she shall deem proper from filling up any vacancy or vacancies occurring in the offices of the ordinary Members of the said Council appointed under section three of "The Indian Councils Act, 1861," and under section eight of the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, not being a vacancy in the office of the ordinary Member of Council required by law to be a barrister or a member of the Faculty of Advocates in Scotland; and whenever the Secretary of State for India shall have informed the Governor-General of India that it is not the intention of Her Majesty to fill up any vacancy, no temporary appointment shall be made to such vacancy under section twenty-seven of "The Indian Councils Act, 1861," and if any such temporary appointment shall have been made previously to the receipt of such information, the tenure of office of the person temporarily appointed shall cease and determine from the time of the receipt of such information by the Governor-General.

3. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the provisions of section eight of "The Indian Councils Act, 1861," or the provisions of section five of the Act of the thirty-third year of Her Majesty, chapter three, or any power or authority vested by law in the Governor-General of India in respect of his Council or of the members thereof.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 67.

82 & 33 Vict. c. 97.

Number of Members of Council may be subsequently diminished.

Not to affect power of Governor-General in respect of his Council.

478

Ch. 92.

Alderney Harbour.

37 & 38 VigT.

28 & 89 Vict. c. 100.

Power to Her Majesty by Order in Coun-oil to transfer works and lands at Alderney to the Admiralty, or to Secretary of State for the War Department.

CHAPTER 92.

An Act to provide for the Transfer to the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for the War Department of Alderney Harbour and certain Lands near it.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS by an Order in Council of the sixteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, made in pursuance of the Harbours Transfer Act, 1865, Alderney Harbour was (among other harbours) transferred from the Admiralty to the Board of Trade, together with the breakwaters, piers, jetties, quays, wharves, lighthouses, roads, approaches, works, buildings, and things belonging thereto, and the ground and soil thereof, and the lands and hereditaments acquired for the purposes thereof, and all powers and duties in relation thereto, so far as, at the time of such transfer, the harbour, property, powers, and duties aforesaid were vested in, or imposed on the Admiralty, but subject to the conditions and restrictions mentioned in the order:

And whereas certain lands and hereditaments have been from time to time acquired at the public expense for the purposes of Alderney Harbour or otherwise in the neighbourhood of that harbour, and are now vested in Her Majesty, the Board of Trade, the Admiralty, or the Treasury, but are not under the management of the Commissioners of Woods:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise Her Majesty to transfer, in manner in this Act mentioned, Alderney Harbour with certain of the said appurtenances and premises, and the said lands and hereditaments, to the Admiralty, and the residue of the said appurtenances, premises, lands, and hereditaments to the Secretary of State for the War Department:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time by Order in Council to transfer, as from the time fixed by the order, to the Admiralty, or to the Secretary of State for the War Department, or partly to the Admiralty and partly to the Secretary of State for the War Department, according as Her Majesty may deem expedient, Alderney Harbour, and the breakwaters, piers, jetties, quays, wharves, lighthouses, roads, approaches, works, buildings, and things belonging thereto, and the ground and soil thereof, and the lands and hereditaments which have been acquired for the purposes thereof, or are otherwise situate in the neighbourhood of the said harbour, and all powers and duties in relation thereto, so far as, at the time of the transfer taking effect, the harbour, pro-

Alderney Harbour.

Ch. 92.

479

perty, powers, and duties aforesaid are vested in or imposed on the Board of Trade, or the Admiralty, or the Treasury, or are vested in Her Majesty, and are not under the management of the Commissioners of Woods, but subject to the rights and liabilities affecting the same, and subject to such exceptions, conditions, and restrictions (if any) as to Her Majesty in Council may seem fit.

2. The harbour and property transferred under this Act to Tenure by Ad-the Admiralty or the Secretary of State for the War Depart-

ment shall be vested in them respectively for all the estate state ofpro-and interest which at the passing of this Act is vested in perty trans-Her Majesty, or in the Board of Trade, or the Admiralty, or ferred* the Treasury, and shall (subject to the provisions of the order transferring the same) so vest and be held and used,

(1.) If transferred to the Admiralty upon the trusts mentioned in and subject and according to the provisions of the Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 27 & 28 Vict. 1864, and the enactments amending that Act, as if c- 57-the same had been purchased under that Act; and

(2.) If transferred to the Secretary of State for the War Department upon the trusts mentioned in and subject and according to the provisions of the Defence 5 & 6 Vict. Act, 1842, and the enactments amending that Act, c- 94* as if the same had been vested in him under and by virtue of that Act.

3. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be pub- Publication,

lished in the London Gazette, and shall be judicially noticed &c-of Orders without being specially pleaded. m uncl

Every Order in Council under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within thirty days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within thirty days after the then next meeting of Parliament.

4. All such sales, leases, and other dispositions by the Confirmation Board of Trade, the Admiralty, and the Treasury respectively

of lands vested in them or either of them at Alderney, and all AAmiimity^ such conveyances and assurances of the same, and all such and Treasury matters and things done by them or either of them in q^°us to relation to Alderney Harbour, or any works connected there- er* with, or the said appurtenances, premises, lands, and hereditaments, as have been made or done before the making of any Order in Council under this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be valid and effectual and binding upon all parties.

5. In this Act, —

The term "the Secretary of State for the War Depart- Definitions, ment has the same meaning as in the Defence Act, 5 & 6 Vict. 1842, and the Acts amending the same. c- 94-

The term "the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom.

The term "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

The term "the Commissioners of Woods" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or either of them.

[Short title.]

0. This Act may be cited as "The Alderney Harbour (Transfer) Act, 1874."

CHAPTER 93.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Public Health in Ireland.

[7th August 1874.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1874.

Sanitary Authorities.

Urban and 2. From and after the passing of this Act Ireland shall rural sanitary divided into sanitary districts to be called respectively —

"ifTtni* (1.) Urban sanitary districts; and

(2.) Rural sanitary districts; and such urban and rural sanitary districts shall respectively be subject to the jurisdiction of local authorities, in this Act called urban sanitary authorities and rural sanitary authorities, invested with the powers in this Act mentioned.

3. Urban sanitary districts shall consist of the places in that behalf mentioned in the first column of the table in this section contained, and urban sanitary authorities shall be the several bodies of persons specified in the second column of the said table in relation to the said places respectively.

Table above referred to.

Urban Sanitary District. Urban Sanitary Authority.

The City of Dublin ... The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Town Council.

Description of urban sanitary districts and urban sanitary authorities.

1874.

Public Health (Ireland).

Ch. 93.

481

Towns corporate, with exception of Dublin

Towns, the population of which according to the last Parliamentary census exceeds six thousand, having Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act made in the ninth year of the reign of George the Fourth, intituled '* An Act " to make provision for the lighting," cleansing, and watching of cities and u towns corporate and market towns " in Ireland in certain cases/ '

Towns, the population of which according to the last Parliamentary census exceeds six thousand, having Municipal Commissioners under 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. Towns, the population of which according to the last Parliamentary census exceeds six thousand, having Town Commissioners under the Towns Improvement (Ireland).Act, 1854 (17 & 18 Vict. c. 103).

Towns or townships having Commissioners under Local Acts.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Town Council.

The Commissioners.

The Municipal Commissioners.

The Town Commissioners.

The Town or Township Commissioners.

4. The area of every poor law union, with the exception of those portions (if any) of the area which are included in urban sanitary districts, shall form a rural sanitary district, and the guardians of the union shall, as such, be the rural sanitary authority of such district, subject to the following conditions; that is to say,

(1.) No elective guardian of any electoral division belonging to such union and forming or being wholly included within an urban sanitary district shall act or vote in any case in which guardians of such union act or vote in their capacity of members of the rural sanitary authority:

(2.) Where part of an electoral division belonging to a union forms or is situated in an urban sanitary district, the Local Government Board may, by order, divide such electoral division into separate wards and determine the number of guardians to be elected by such wards respectively, in such manner as to provide for the due representation of the part of the electoral division lying within the rural sanitary district; but until such order has been made the guardian or guardians of such electoral division may act and vote as members of the rural sanitary authority in the same manner as if no part of such electoral division formed part of or was situated in an urban sanitary district:

Description of rural sanitary districts and rural sanitary authorities.

Ch. 93.

PvJblic Health (Ireland).

37 & 38 Vict.

Power to alter sanitary districts.

First meeting of sanitary authority.

Powers and duties of sanitary authority.

(3.) An ex-officio guardian resident in any electoral division, or part thereof, belonging to such union which forms or is situated in an urban sanitary district, shall not act or vote in any case in which guardians of such union act or vote in their capacity of members of the rural sanitary authority unless he is the owner or occupier of property situated in the rural sanitary district of a value sufficient to qualify him as an elective guardian for the union.

5. The Local Government Board shall have power, by provisional order, to separate from a rural sanitary district any town or district wholly situate therein, the population of which according to the then last Parliamentary census exceeds six thousand, and to constitute it an urban sanitary district, or to include it in any adjoining urban sanitary district, subject as such to all the provisions of this Act affecting urban sanitary districts; and the said Board shall likewise have power, by provisional order, to add any town or township hereby constituted an urban sanitary authority to the rural sanitary district in which it is situate, to be subject thereafter to all provisions of this Act affecting rural sanitary districts. No such provisional order shall be made except upon petition from such town, township, or district, in accordance with the provisions of "The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871," as amended by " The Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872," with respect to the incorporation with or separation from any town of any district: Provided always, that the said provisions shall for such purposes be read as if the expression "sanitary authority " were therein substituted for the expression "governing body;" nor shall any such provisional order take effect until confirmed by Parliament in manner prescribed by the said provisions.

6. The first meeting of a sanitary authority under this Act shall be held within sixty days after the passing of this Act, on such day as may be directed by order of the Local Government Board in each case.

7. Subject to the provisions of this Act, except as hereinafter is excepted, and from and after the day appointed for the first meeting of a sanitary authority in pursuance of this Act, there shall be transferred and attach to such sanitary authority, to the exclusion of any other authority which may have previously exercised or been subject to the same, all powers, right, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations within such district exerciseable or attaching by and to the sewer authority under the Sewage Utilization Acts, and by and to the nuisance authority under the Nuisances Removal Acts, and by and to the local authority under the Common Lodging Houses Acts, the Artisans and Labourers Dwellings

1874.

PvJblic Health (Ireland).

Oh, 93.

485

fcional salaries as the said sanitary authority shall determine, with the approval of the Local Government Board; and the said Board shall assign to the dispensary medical officers, and to the other sanitary officers, if any, and to the medical superintendent officer of health, if such an officer be appointed for the sanitary district, their respective duties and functions in the discovery or inspection or removal of nuisances, in the supply of pure water, in the making or repairing of sewers and drains, or in generally superintending the execution of the sanitary laws within the district.

Every such salary or additional salary so determined or approved shall be payable from such local fund as the Local Government Board shall indicate as properly chargeable therewith, and such part thereof as Parliament shall from time to time determine shall be recouped to such local fund out of moneys to be voted by Parliament; and the Local Government Board shall have the same powers with regard to the qualification, appointment, duties, regulation of salary, and tenure of office of every sanitary officer as they have in the case of the medical officer of a dispensary district: Provided, with regard to salaries or additional salaries, whereof any portion is to be recouped to any local fund from moneys voted by Parliament, the amount of any new salary, and the proportion between any existing salary and the addition thereto, shall be regulated according to a scale to be approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

1L Inspectors of the Local Government Board may attend Powers of in-any meetings of sanitary authorities, or of committees of 5SSa°Govero sanitary authorities, during the transaction of business arising ment Board. under any of the provisions of the Sanitary Acts; and such inspectors shall, for the purposes of any inquiry directed by the said Local Government Board, in relation to witnesses and their examination, the production of papers and accounts, the inspection of places and matters required to be inspected, have for the purposes of the Sanitary Acts or Burial Grounds Acts or any of the said Acts similar powers to those which inspectors have under the Poor Law Acts and under the Medical Charities Act for the purposes of those Acts.

12. All expenses incurred or payable by an urban sanitary Expenses of authority under the Sanitary Acts shall, notwithstanding any- ur*fn »anitai7 thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary, be au °n defrayed as follows; that is to say,

(1.) In the case of the council of a borough, out of the borough fund or borough rate:

(2.) In the case of an urban sanitary authority being commissioners under any of the Acts specified in the first column of the table contained in section three or of any Local Act, out of any rate leviable by them as such commissioners throughout the whole of their district:

48(5

Expenses of rural sanitary authority.

Ch. 93. Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

Provided that where an urban sanitary authority had before the passing of this Act power to levy throughout the whole of its district a rate or rates for paving, sewering, or other sanitary purposes, all expenses incurred by such authority in the performance of its duties under the Sanitary Acts shall be defrayed out of such rate or rates, except where at the time of the passing of this Act any such expenses were chargeable upon the borough fund or borough rate, in which case such expenses shall continue so chargeable: Provided also, that if application be made to the Local Government Board whereby it shall be alleged that it would be inequitable or inconvenient in the district of any urban sanitary authority that the said expenses should be borne as last aforesaid, the said Board may, after inquiry, by a provisional order, alter the incidence of such charge in respect of the whole or some of the expenditure referred to, as to them shall appear to be fair and equitable.

13. The expenses incurred by a rural sanitary authority under the Sanitary Acts shall be divided into general expenses and special expenses.

General expenses, other than those chargeable upon owhere and occupiers under the Sanitary Acts, shall be the expenses of the establishment and officers of the sanitary authority, and all other expenses not determined by this Act or the order of the Local Government Board to be special expenses.

Special expenses shall be the expenses of the construction, maintenance, and cleansing of sewers in any contributory place within the district, the providing a supply of water to any such place, the providing, repairing, and cleansing public wells, the lighting where duly authorised, the charges or expenses arising out of or incidental to the possession of property transferred to the rural sanitary authority in trust for any district or contributory place, and all other expenses incurred or payable by the sanitary authority in or in respect of any contributory place within the district, and determined by the order of the Local Government Board to be special expenses.

When the rural sanitary authority makes any sewers or provides any water supply or executes any other work under the Sanitary Acts for the common benefit of any two or more contributory places within its district, it may apportion the expense of constructing any such work and of maintaining the same, in such proportions as it thinks just, between such contributory places; and any expense so apportioned to any such contributory place shall be deemed to be special expenses legally incurred in respect of such contributory place.

Ten or more ratepayers, or any number of persons liable to be rated to one fifth part of the whole rate, of any contributory place, if aggrieved by any such apportionment, may

1874.

Ch. 93.

483

Public Health (Ireland).

Act, and the Bakehouse Regulation Act, as the said Acts are respectively varied or amended by any Act or any local Act or any provisional order in force within such district, or by and to any of the said authorities under any of such Acts as aforesaid: Provided always, that in any urban sanitary district the urban sanitary authority shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, continue to act in execution of any Act or local Act or provisional order in force within such district immediately before the passing of this Act, and in the execution of which at such time the body by this Act constituted such urban authority was acting; and provided farther, that in any rural sanitary district there shall be transferred and attach to the rural sanitary authority, to the exclusion of any other authority which may have previously exercised or been subject to the same, all powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations with respect to sanitary matters under any Act, local Act, or provisional order in force within such district, or any part of the same, immediately before the passing of this Act; but, save as aforesaid, such Act, local Act, or provisional order shall continue in full force and effect, and shall be carried into execution by the same authority and in the same manner in every respect as if this Act had not been passed. If any question arises as to what are sanitary matters within the meaning of this section, or as to any matter or thing affected by this section, the determination of the Local Government Board on any such question shall be conclusive.

Where the Baths and Washhouses Acts and the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, or any of them, are in force within the district of any sanitary authority, such authority shall have all powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations in relation to such Acts exerciseable by or attached to the council, town commissioners, or other commissioners or persons acting in the execution of the said Acts, or any of them.

Where the Baths and Washhouses Acts are not in force within the district of any sanitary authority, such sanitary authority may adopt such Acts, and where the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts are not in force within the district of any sanitary authority, such sanitary authority may adopt such Acts.

8, Under the provisions of the Diseases Prevention Act Powers re-the execution of all powers relating to the treatment of latin£to disease, and the establishment and maintenance of hospitals, ^eSTvested the conveyance of the sick, the disinfection of clothes or in board of dwellings, and the interment of the dead, created by the said guardians of Act or any other Act, or arising out of any order of the whic^the^i-Local Government Board, shall vest exclusively in the board tary authority of guardians of the union in which the district of the sani- is situate.

Ss 2

4S4

Ch. 93.

Transfer of property to sanitary authority, and effect of transfer of property and powers.

Sanitary officers and super intendent officers of health *

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

tary authority is situate, and the expenses so incurred shall be charged on the poor rates as expenses arising under the Poor Law Acts or the Medical Charities Act, as the case may be.

9. From and after the day appointed for the first meeting of the sanitary authority of a sanitary district, in pursuance of this Act, all such property, real and personal, including all interest, easements, and rights in, to, and out of property, real and personal (including things in action), as belongs to or is vested in, or would but for this Act have belonged to or been vested in, any authority whose powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations are transferred to the sanitary authority shall, so far as such property is applicable to and for the purposes of any such powers, rights, duties, liabilities, capacities, or obligations, pass to and vest in the sanitary authority, subject to all debts, liabilities, and obligations exclusively affecting the property so transferred; and where any debts, liabilities, or obligations affect such property together with other property, then subject only to such part of such debts, liabilities, and obligations as shall bear to the whole amount of such debts, liabilities, and obligations the proportion which the property so transferred bears to the whole property affected by such debts, liabilities, and obligations.

All debts, liabilities, and obligations subject to which any such property has been transferred, or which previously to such transfer were incurred by the authority whose powers, rights, duties, liabilities, capacities, and obligations are so transferred in the exercise of such powers and rights, or in the discharge of such duties, or by reason of such liabilities and obligations, may be enforced against the sanitary authority to the same extent and in the same manner as they might have been enforced against the authority from which such transfer has taken place; and such last-mentioned authority shall be deemed to be discharged from such debts, liabilities, and obligations.

All property by this section transferred to a saintary authority shall be held by it upon trust for the district or several places respectively within its jurisdiction to which such property belonged, or for the benefit of which such property was held previously to its transfer.

10. Every medical officer of a dispensary district shall be - a sanitary officer for such district, or for such part thereof as he shall personally be in charge of, with such additional salary as the sanitary authority thereof may determine, with the approval of the Local Government Board; and every sanitary authority, whether urban or rural, shall appoint such other sanitary officers, including a medical superintendent officer of health when deemed necessary, as the Local Government Board shall in each case direct, with such salaries or addi-

Ch. 93.

489

Public Health (Ireland).

or otherwise, as may be thought fit, as to the genuineness of such representation, and in respect of the several matters relating thereto, after notice shall have been given as provided by said Act, and of the time, place, and subject of the inquiry; and it shall be lawful for one of the inspectors of the said Board, or other person appointed in that behalf by the Board to hold such inquiry; and for the purposes of such and all other inquiries which the said Board shall see fit to direct, the several inspectors, or other persons appointed by the Board, shall have all and every the powers and authorities vested in or conferred on poor law inspectors by the nineteenth section of the Act of the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety; and upon receipt of the report of such inspector or other person as to the result of such inquiry, and of the evidence taken thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Board to take the same and the matter of such representation into consideration, and to make such order in relation thereto as to them may seem meet.

The twentieth section of the Act of the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety, is hereby incorporated with this section.

Union of Districts.

19. Where it appears to the Local Government Board, on Formation of the application of the sanitary authorities of any sanitary united district, districts, or of any of such authorities, and after due inquiry, that it would be for the advantage of such sanitary districts, or any of them, or any parts thereof, or of any contributory places in any rural sanitary district or districts, to be formed into a united district for all or any of the purposes following; that is to say,

(1.) The procuring a common supply of water; or (2.) The making a main sewer or carrying into effect a system of sewerage for the use of all such districts or contributory places; or (3.) For any other purposes of the Sanitary Acts or Burial Grounds Acts, or of any of the said Acts, the said Local Government Board may, by provisional order, form such districts or contributory places into a united district.

20. The following enactments shall take effect in relation Mode of to making a provisional order forming a united district; that united

is to say,

(1.) Notice of the provisional order shall be published in some newspaper circulating in the district to which it relates, and in such other manner as the Local Government Board may direct:

(2.) All costs, charges, and expenses of and incidental to the formation of a united district shall, in the event

490

Ch. 98.

Governing body of united district.

Regulation as to constitution of joint board.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

of the united district being formed, be a first charge on the rates leviable in the united district in pursuance of this Act:

(3.) The making of a provisional order shall be primA feme evidence that all the requirements of this Act in respect of proceedings required to be taken previously to the making of such provisional order have been complied with.

21. The governing body of a united district shall be a joint board consisting of such ex-officio members and of such number of elective members as the Local Government Board may, by the provisional order forming the district, determine.

A joint board shall be a body corporate by such name as may be determined by the provisional order, having a perpetual succession and a common seal, with power to acquire and hold lands for the purposes of its constitution without any license in mortmain.

No act or proceeding of a joint board shall be questioned on account of any vacancy or vacancies therein.

No defect in the qualification or election of any person or persons acting as a member or members of a joint board shall be deemed to vitiate any proceedings of such board in which he or they has or have taken part.

Any minute made of proceedings at a meeting of a joint board, if signed either at the meeting at which such proceedings took place or at the next ensuing meeting by any person purporting for the time being to be the chairman of the board, shall be receivable in evidence of such proceedings in all legal proceedings without further proof, and until the contrary is proved every meeting of a joint board where minutes have been so made of the proceedings shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all the members thereof to have been duly qualified.

No member of a joint board by being party to or executing in his capacity of member any contract or other instrument on behalf of the board, or otherwise exercising any of the powers given to the board, shall be subject individually to any action, suit, trial, prosecution, or other legal proceeding; and a joint board may apply any moneyB from time to time coming into its hands for the purpose of paying any costs of legal proceedings or damages it may incur in the exercise of the powers granted to it: Provided that nothing in this section shall exempt any member of a joint board from liability to be surcharged with the amount of any payment which may be disallowed by the auditor in the accounts of such joint board, and which such member authorised or joined in authorising.

22. The provisional order forming a united district under the Act shall define the purposes for which such united dis-

1874 Public Health (Trelcmd). Ch, 93. 487

send or deliver a memorial to the Local Government Board stating their grounds of complaint, and the said Board may, after due inquiry, make such order in the matter as to it may seem equitable, and the order so made shall be binding and conclusive upon all parties concerned.

General expenses shall be payable out of a common fund to be raised out of the poor rate of the electoral divisions or parts thereof in the district according to the rateable value of each electoral division or part thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned.

Special expenses shall be a separate charge on some contributory place or places.

The following areas situated in a rural sanitary district shall be contributory places for the purposes of this Act; that is to say,

(1.) The dispensary district:

(2.) The electoral division:

(3.) Thetownland:

Provided that the Local Government Board shall have power to determine on what area of charge being a contributory place, or consisting of contributory places, any special expenses shall be chargeable, whether incurred after the passing of this Act or still due in respect of works executed before the passing of this Act.

14. For the purpose of obtaining payment for special Mode of raising expenses from the several contributory places within its contributions district the board of guardians, being the rural sanitary ^r^strict!" authority, shall levy the same by a special poundage rate, to

be added to the poor rate on such contributory places, and to be collected therewith by the collectors of the poor rate, and lodged to the credit of the guardians with the treasurer of the union; and the expenditure thereof shall be brought to account in such form and manner as the Local Government Board shall from time to time by any general order direct; and if not otherwise directed by such general order, the sums levied by such special poundage and placed to the credit of the board of guardians shall be applied by them in discharge of the special expenses incurred as aforesaid on account of such contributory places respectively.

15. Every sanitary authority being a port nuisance authority Compulsory under the provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh P?we" to pur-year of Her Majesty, entitled "An Act to amend the Sanitary hospitals. or " Act, 1866, so far as the same relates to the nuisance autho-

u rities of ports in Ireland/1 shall, with the consent in writing of the Local Government Board, be empowered to purchase, hire, or erect any building either within or without the district of such sanitary authority for the purpose of an hospital for the reception and treatment of persons affected by dangerous contagious disease, or to purchase land either within or

Ch. 93.

Incorporation of certain provisions of Lands Clauses Consolidation Act with Burial Grounds Act.

Justice not incapable to act in cases under Burial Grounds Acts by being member of burial board or liable to rate.

Inquiries by board under 19 & 20 Vict. c. 98.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

without such district for the purpose of erecting the same, and for these purposes the Lands Clauses Acts are incorporated herewith: Provided always, that for the purposes of such incorporation the terms " special Act " and " promoters of the undertaking " in the Lands Clauses Acts shall be construed to mean respectively the consent in writing of the Local Government Board, and any sanitary authority being such a port nuisance authority as aforesaid.

16. Whereas by the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act, 1856, section eighteen, it is provided that the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, excepting, among other provisions, the provisions of that Act " with respect to the purchase and " taking of lands otherwise than by agreement," shall be incorporated with the said Act, and it is expedient that those provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts should be incorporated with the said Burial Grounds Act: Be it enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts "with respect to the purchase " and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement " shall be incorporated with the said Acts, and they are hereby incorporated therewith.

Provided always, that before putting in force any of the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase of lands otherwise than by agreement, any burial board shall do all acts, matters, and things, and proceed in manner prescribed by section four of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, in like manner in every respect as if such burial board were a governing body desiring to put the said provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts in force; and for such purposes the said section four is incorporated herewith, and for the purposes of such incorporation the terms " governing body " and "chief secretary " in the said section shall be construed to mean respectively " burial board " and Local Government Board."

17. No justice of the peace shall be deemed incapable of acting as such in cases under the Burial Grounds Acts, by reason of his being a member of any body thereby declared to be the burial board to execute the said Acts, or by reason of his being a contributor or liable to contribute to any rate or fund out of which it is by the said Acts provided that all charges and expenses incurred in the execution of the said Acts, and not recovered as thereby provided, shall be defrayed.

18. When and so often as representation with reference to a burial ground or burials shall have been made to the Local Government Board under the fifth section of the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act, 1856, and the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872, inquiry may be directed by the Local Government Board in the place or district referred to therein,

Public Health (Ireland).

Ch. 93.

491

trict is formed, and the powers, rights, duties, capacities liabilities, and obligations under the Sanitary 'Acts which the joint board is authorised to exercise or perform or is made subject to, and shall contain regulations as to the qualification and mode of election of elective members of the joint board, as to their continuance in office, as to casual vacancies in the joint board, as to its meetings and officers, and any other matter or thing, including the adjustment of present and future liabilities and property, with respect to which the Local Government Board may think fit to make any regulations for the better carrying into effect the provisions of this Act with respect to united districts.

Upon the constitution of a joint board the sanitary authorities having jurisdiction in the component districts or contributory places shall cease to exercise therein any powers, or to perform any duties, or to be subject to any liabilities or obligations which the joint board is authorised to exercise or perform or is made subject to; nevertheless the said joint board may delegate to the sanitary authority of any component district the exercise of any of its powers for the performance of any of its duties, with the approval of the Local Government Board.

23. Any expenses incurred by a joint board in pursuance Expenses in-of this Act, unless otherwise determined by the provisional cmred by joint

9 v i hoard how to

order, shall be defrayed out of a common fund to be contri- defrayed, buted by the component districts or contributory places in proportion to the rateable value of the property in each district or contributory place, such value to be ascertained according to the valuation list in force for the time being.

A joint board may borrow and take up at interest on the credit of such common fund any sums of money necessary for defraying any such expenses, subject to the regulations of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, with respect to borrowing under that Act, as the same are amended by this Act.

24. For the purpose of obtaining payment from component Payment of districts of the sums to be contributed by them the joint board shall issue its precept to the sanitary authority of each com- 0 Jom ponent district stating the sum to be contributed by it and requiring such authority, within a time limited by the precept, to pay the sums therein mentioned to the joint board or to such person as the joint board may direct.

Any sum mentioned in a precept addressed by a joint board to a sanitary authority as aforesaid shall be a debt due from it, and may be recovered accordingly; such contribution, in the case of a rural sanitary authority, being deemed to be general expenses.

For the purpose of obtaining payment from contributory places of the sums to be contributed by them, the joint board

492

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland).

37 & 38 Vict.

Use of sewer of subjacent district for out fall of district above it.

Repeal of Local Acts.

shall have the same powers of issuing precepts and of recovering the amounts named therein as if such contributory places formed a rural sanitary district and the joint board were the sanitary authority thereof.

25. A sanitary authority unto whose district the district of another sanitary authority is subjacent may, by agreement with the last-mentioned authority and with the sanction of the Local Government Board given on the application of the first-named authority, after public inquiry, if the said Local Government Board think such inquiry necessary, cause the sewers of its district to communicate for the purpose of outfall with the sewers of the subjacent district, and for the purpose of reception, disinfection, distribution, and disposal of the sewage of such first-named authority by the authority of the subjacent district, or for all, any, or either of those purposes, upon such terms as to payment or otherwise, in such manner as to making and maintaining the outfall, and with and subject to such conditions, precautions, and restrictions as shall be agreed upon between the sanitary authorities, or in case of dispute shall be settled by the Local Government Board: Provided that so far as practicable storm waters shall be prevented from flowing from the sewers of the higher into the sewers of the subjacent district, and that the sewage of other districts or places shall not be permitted by the sanitary authority of the higher district to pass into their sewers so as to be discharged through such outfall into the sewers of the subjacent district without the consent of such last-mentioned district; and all expenses incurred in pursuance of this section by the said sanitary authorities, or either of them, shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by them respectively in performance of their duties under the Sanitary Acts, and be respectively payable accordingly out of the rates out of which such expenses are by this Act made payable, or out of moneys duly borrowed on the credit of such rates.

Repeal of Acts.

26. The Local Government Board may, on the application of the sanitary authority of any district, by provisional order wholly or partially repeal, alter, or amend any Local Acts, other than Acts for the conservancy of rivers, in force in such district, and not conferring powers or privileges upon corporations, companies, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit, which relate to the same subject matters as the Sanitary Acts, and may in like manner extend the provisions of any such Local Act beyond the boundaries of the district comprised therein, or diminish the area to which any such Local Act shall apply.

Public Health (Ireland).

Ch. .93.

493

Provisions as to the Acquisition of Property, dec.

27. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the powers of the Extension of Lands Clauses Acts may, where the same may be put in force ^f^ease^8 with respect to the taking of land under the Sanitary Acts, be ments and applied to all easements and rights in, over, under, or upon rights, land, whether situated within or without the district of the sanitary authority.

28. Subject to the provisions of this Act and of the Sani- Power to pur-tary Acts, any sanitary authority may buy up any water mill, c^e water dam, or weir which interferes with the proper drainage of or ^eir8 ' the supply of water to its district, and may, for the purpose of supplying its district with water for drinking and domestic purposes, purchase either within or without its district any land covered with water, or any water or right to take or convey water; and for the purpose of buying up any of the properties aforesaid, the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this section: Provided always, that before putting in force any of the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase of lands otherwise than by agreement for the purposes aforesaid, a sanitary authority shall do all acts, matters, and things, and proceed in manner prescribed by section four of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, in like manner in every respect as would be necessary in the case of a governing body desiring to put the said provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts in force; and for such purposes the said section four is incorporated herewith, and for the purposes of such incorporation the terms " governing body " and " chief secretary " in the said section shall be construed to mean respectively " sanitary authority " and " Local Government Board."

29. Nothing in this Act contained shall enable any sanitary Act not to authority to injuriously affect the navigation of any river or

canal, or to divert or diminish any supply of water of right orcanais.^1* belonging to any such river or canal, or to injuriously affect Saving as to the supply, quality, or fall of water contained in any reservoir rights, or stream, or any feeders of such reservoir or stream, belonging to or supplying any waterwork established by Act of Parliament, or in cases where any company or individual are entitled for their own benefit to the use of such reservoir or stream, or to the supply of water contained in such feeders, without the consent in writing of the company or corporation in whom such waterworks may be vested, or of the parties so entitled to the use of such reservoirs, streams, and feeders, and also of the owners thereof in cases where the owners and parties so entitled are not the same person.

30. The notices which, by the fourth section of the Local Notices to Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, are required to be given in own.ers and p-

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

given in other months than November and December.

Urban sanitary authority may let land or premises.

Compensation to officers in certain cases.

As to consent of Local Government Board required in certain cases.

the months of November and December, may be given in the months of September and October, or of October and November, but no inquiry preliminary to the provisional order to which such notices refer shall be held in either of such two last-mentioned cases until the expiration of one month from the end of the second of the two months in which the notices are given.

31/Any urban sanitary authority not heretofore empowered to do so, may let temporarily or for a term of years, with the consent of the Local Government Board, any land or premises which they may possess, as and when they can conveniently spare the same.

MiaceUaneous.

32. If any officer of any body by this Act constituted the sanitary authority of any district is, by or in pursuance of this Act or of any provisional order made under the authority of this Act, removed from his office or deprived of the whole or part of the emoluments of his office, and is not employed in an office of equal value, and with equal privileges, by such sanitary authority, the Local Government Board may by order award to such officer such compensation as the said Board may think just; and such compensation may be by way of annuity or otherwise, and shall be paid by the authority of the sanitary district in which such officer held his office out of the rates applicable to sanitary purposes within that district.

33. Where in any Local Acts the consent, sanction, or confirmation of the Lord Lieutenant, the chief secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or the Privy Council is required with respect to the borrowing of any money, to the giving effect to any byelaws, or to the appointment of any officer for sanitary purposes, the consent, sanction, or confirmation of the Local Government Board shall, after the passing of this Act, be required instead of that of the authorities above named.

The consent of the Local Government Board, and not that of the Treasury, shall be required to the borrowing of money for the purposes of the Baths and Washhouses Acts.

The powers vested in or exerciseable by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847, so far as the same relate to Ireland, are hereby transferred to the Local Government Board, and may in Ireland be exercised by the Local Government Board.

The approval of the Local Government Board, and not that of the Lord Lieutenant, shall be required for the appointment and removal of analysts under the Act of the session of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter eighty-four, as amended by the Act of the session of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of the reign ot Her Majesty, chapter seventy-four.

1874. Public Health (Ireland). Ch. 93. 495

If any question arises as to what are sanitary purposes within the meaning of this section, the determination of the Local Government Board on such question shall be conclusive.

84. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, by Order in Transfer of Council, at any time before the first day of January one thou- ^of Board sand eight hundred and seventy-five, to direct that the powers of Trade under and duties of the Board of Trade under the " Alkali Act, Alkali Act, 1868/* and any Act amending the same, shall be transferred ^6y8e, I^n^al to the Local Government Board; and from and after the date Board, of such order, or if no such order shall be made then from and after the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, the powers and duties of the Board of Trade under the said Acts shall be transferred to and be exerciseable and performed in Ireland by the Local Government Board; and the Local Government Board for Ireland " shall be deemed to be substituted for the Board of Trade" wherever the latter expression occurs in the said Acta

35. Upon the application of any authority from whom Settlement of or to whom any powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, of

obligations, and property, or any of them, are transferred or t^rfer°of ° alleged or claimed to be transferred in pursuance of this Act, powers or pro-upon the passing of this Act, or at any time thereafter by the operation of this Act, or of any provisional order made under the authority of this Act, or of any person affected by such transfer, the Local Government Board may by order settle any doubt or difference and adjust any accounts arising out of or incidental to such powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, obligations, or property, or to the transfer thereof, and direct the parties by whom and to whom any moneys found to be due are to be paid, and the mode of raising such moneys; and any provisions contained in any order so made shall be deemed to have been made in pursuance of and to be within the powers conferred by this section, subject to this proviso, that where any such order directs any rate to be made or other act or thing to be done which the party required to make or do would not, apart from the provisions of this Act, have been enabled to make or do by law, such order shall be provisional only until it has been confirmed by Parliament.

86. Where, under the directions of the Local Government Expenses of Board, the chief officer of police in any place institutes pro- acting undS ceedingB under the sixteenth section of the Sanitary Act, 1866, 29 &so Vict. he shall be entitled to recover from the sanitary authority c* 90; !f6 *

in default all such expenses in and about such proceedings as pr0V1 or' he may incur, and as shall not be paid by the party proceeded against: Provided always, that in the construction of the said Act as amended hereby, the term chief officer of police shall mean in any place within the police district of Dublin Metropolis, either of the commissioners of police for the said district,

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

Order against a defaulting sanitary authority may be enforced by mandamus.

Payments to members of sanitary authority ag counsel illegal.

Duty of urban authority to cleanse streets, privies, and ashpits.

Penalty on neglect of sanitary authority to cleanse privies or ashpits.

Power of raising money on credit of rates.

and in any place elsewhere the sub-inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary in whose district such place is situate.

37. When the Local Government Board shall have at any time made any order under the forty-ninth section/)f the Sanitary Act, 1866, limiting the time for the performance by any sanitary authority of its duty, such order may be enforced by writ of mandamus, notwithstanding the provision in the said section contained for the performance of the duty in the event of the continued default of the sanitary authority.

38. Any payment to any member of a sanitary authority or burial board for acting as council, solicitor, attorney, or agent for such authority or board shall be illegal; and if any member of any such authority or board shall so act, or shall accept or hold any office or place of profit under such authority or board of which he is a member or shall in any manner directly or indirectly be concerned in any bargain or contract entered into by or on behalf of such authority or board, or participate in the profits thereof, then and in every such case such person shall cease to be a member of such authority or board, and his office as such shall thereupon become vacant.

39. Every urban sanitary authority shall, when the Local Government Board by order so direct, make due provision for the proper cleansing of streets which such authority is obliged to maintain and repair, the removal of house refuse from premises, and the cleansing of earth closets, privies, ashpits, and cesspools within its district.

If any sanitary authority having made such provision fail, without reasonable excuse, after notice in writing from the occupier of any house situated in such district requiring such authority to remove any house refuse, or to cleanse any earth closet, privy, cesspool, or ashpit belonging to such house, or used by the inmates or occupiers thereof, to cause the same to be removed or cleansed, as the case may be, within seven days, the sanitary authority shall on summary conviction be liable to pay to the occupier of such house a penalty not exceeding five shillings for every day during which such default continues after the expiration of the said period of seven days.

40. Any sanitary authority may, for the purpose of defraying any costs, charges, and expenses incurred or to be incurred by it in the performance of its duties under the Sanitary Acts, borrow and take up at interest any sums of money necessary for defraying any such costs, charges, and expenses, subject to the regulations in the Sanitary Acta

An urban sanitary authority may borrow and take up at interest such money on the credit of all or any rates or rate out of which it is authorised by the Sanitary Acts to pay any expenses incurred by it for sanitary purposes, and may mortgage any such rate or rates to the persons by or on behalf of

1874. Public Health (Ireland). Ch. 93. 497

whom such money is advanced for securing the repayment to them of the sums borrowed, with interest thereon.

A rural sanitary authority may borrow and take up at interest such money, if intended to be applied to purposes constituting the general expenses of such authority, on the credit of the common fund out of which such expenses are payable, and if intended to be applied to purposes constituting the special expenses of such authority, on the credit of any rate or rates out of which such expenses are payable, and may mortgage any such rate or rates to the persons by or on behalf of whom such money is advanced for securing the repayment to them of the sums borrowed, with interest thereon.

The clauses of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the mortgages to be executed by the commissioners shall, so far as the same are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act; and in the construction of that Act "the special Act" shall mean this Act;" the commissioners" shall mean any authority authorised to borrow by this Act;" the clerk of the commissioners " shall include any officer appointed for the purpose by any such authority.

The mortgagees or assignees of any mortgage made in pursuance of this Act may enforce payment of the arrears of principal and interest due to them by the appointment of a receiver.

41. Where any sanitary authority or joint board is possessed Power of of any land, works, or other property in pursuance and for the purposes of the Sewage Utilization Act, 1867, such autho- sewage land rity or joint board may borrow any moneys on the credit of and plant such lands, works, or other property, and may mortgage such lands, works, or other property to any person advancing such moneys, in the same manner in all respects as if such sanitary authority or joint board were the absolute owner, both at law and in equity, of the lands, works, or other property so mortgaged. The moneys so borrowed shall be applied for purposes for which moneys may be borrowed under the Sanitary Acts; but it shall not be in any way incumbent on the mortgagees to see to the application of such moneys, nor shall they be responsible for any misapplication thereof.

The powers of borrowing conferred by this section shall, where the sums borrowed do not exceed three fourths of the purchase money of such lands (but not otherwise), be deemed to be distinct from and in addition to the general borrowing powers conferred on a sanitary authority or joint board by the Sanitary Acts. The sanitary authority or joint board may pay out of any rates leviable by it for sanitary purposes the interest on any moneys borrowed by such authority or joint board in pursuance of this section.

Tt 3

498

Limit of rating under Local Acts not to apply to expenses for sanitary purposes.

Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may lend to sanitary authority on security of rates.

Amendment of s. 60 of 17 & 18 Vict c. 103.

Amendment of 84 & 35 Vict c. 109. regarding loans.

42. Any limit imposed on or in respect of any rate by any Local Act of Parliament shall not apply to any rate required to be levied for the purpose of defraying any expenses incurred by a sanitary authority for sanitary purposes.

43. The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may, with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on the recommendation of the Local Government Board, make any loan to any sanitary authority, for such objects as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may deem to be sanitary improvements, in pursuance of any powers of borrowing conferred by the Sanitary Acts, whether for works already executed or yet to be executed; such loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding thirty or fifty years as provided by those Acts, and to bear interest at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum or such other rates as may, in the judgment of the said Commissioners, be necessary in order to enable the loan to be made without loss to the Exchequer, on the security of any fund or rate applicable to sanitary purposes, and without requiring any further or other security.

Provided as follows:

(1.) That iu determining the time when a loan under this section shall be repayable the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall have regard to the probable duration and continuing utility of the works in respect of which the same is required:

(2.) That in the case of any loan already made to any sanitary authority in pursuance of any powers conferred by the Sanitary Acts the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may reduoe the interest payable thereon to the rate of not less than three and a half per centum per annum:

(3.) That this section shall not extend to any loan under "The Sanitary Loans Act, 1869," required for the purpose of defraying the expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Local Government Board in the performance of the duty of a defaulting local authority after the passing of this Act.

44. Where in any town in which the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, is in force the provisions of that Act with respect to water have been adopted, the amount of any assessment under section sixty of the said Act may, notwithstanding the limitations in the said section contained, amount to but shall not exceed the rate of two shillings in the pound.

45. The twenty-eighth section of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, shall extend to re-borrowing for the purpose of discharging previous loans, as well as to original

Public Health (Ireland).

Ch. 93.

499

loans, and be amended so that the following provision shall be substituted for that contained in the paragraph No. &; namely.

The money so borrowed shall not at any time exceed, with the balances of all the outstanding loans of the sanitary authority under the Sanitary Acts, in the whole, twice the net annual value of the premises assessable within the district in respect of which such money may be borrowed, and the time for which the money may be borrowed shall not exceed sixty years, instead of thirty years as in the said section is declared:

Provided that where the proposed loan with such balances would exceed the net annual value of such premises the Local Government Board shall not give their sanction to the loan until a local inquiry shall have been held by one of their inspectors, and his report of the result of such inquiry shall have been received by them:

Provided also, that where a loan is effected to pay off an existing loan, the time for repayment shall not extend beyond the unexpired term of the period for which the original loan was contracted, unless with the sanction of the Local Government Board, and shall in no case be extended beyond the period of sixty years from the date of the original borrowing.

The sixth section of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, and the eighth section of the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872, are hereby repealed, except so fex as the same may apply to any proceedings commenced, but not completed at the passing of this Act.

46. The Local Government Board shall not make any provisional order under this Act unless public notice shall have been previously given by advertisement in two successive weeks in some newspaper published or circulating in the district to which such provisional order relates, and after hearing any objections which may be made thereto by any persons affected thereby, and in cases where the subject matter is one to which a local inquiry is applicable, until it has made, by one of its inspectors, a local inquiry of which public notice has been given and at which all persons interested have been permitted to attend and make objections.

The Local Government Board may submit to Parliament for confirmation any provisional order made by it in pursuance of this Act, but any such provisional order shall be of no force whatever Tinless and until it is confirmed by Parliament. If while the Bill confirming such order is pending in either House of Parliament a petition is presented against any provisional order comprised therein, the Bill, so far as it relates to such order, may be referred to a select committee, and the petitioners shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of a Bill for a special Act.

Confirmation of provisional orders by Parliament.

500

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

Costs of provisional orders.

Orders of the Local Government Board, how to be published.

Audit of accounts.

Any Act confirming any provisional order issued in pursuance of the Sanitary Acts, or any of them, may be repealed, altered, or amended by any provisional order made by the Local Government Board and duly confirmed by Parliament The Local Government Board may revoke, either wholly or partially, any provisional order made by them before the same is confirmed by Parliament; but such revocation shall not be made whilst the Bill confirming the order is pending in either House of Parliament.

47. The reasonable costs of any sanitary authority in respect of provisional orders made in pursuance of the Sanitary Acts, or any of such Acts, and of the inquiry preliminary thereto, as sanctioned by the Local Government Board, whether in promoting or opposing the same, shall be deemed to be expenses properly incurred for sanitary purposes by the sanitary authority interested in or affected by such provisional orders, and such costs shall be paid accordingly; and if thought expedient by the Local Government Board the sanitary authority may contract a loan for the purpose of defraying such costs.

48. Every order of the Local Government Board under the Sanitary Acts (unless otherwise prescribed by the said Acts) shall be published in such manner as that Board may direct; and every general order of the Local Government Board made in pursuance of the Poor Law Acts shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, and when so published shall take effect in like manner and shall be of as much force and validity as any general order made and sent in the manner prescribed by the last-mentioned Acts, and no further proceeding shall be necessary in such behalf; and as regards any single order of the said Board made in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Acts it shall not be necessary henceforth to send a copy thereof to the clerk to the justices of the petty sessions.

49. The accounts of every sanitary authority shall be made up in such form and to such day or days in every year as may be appointed by the Local Government Board in each case. The accounts of a sanitary authority shall be audited by such auditor of the accounts relating to the relief of the poor as the Local Government Board shall appoint for the purpose. An auditor shall, with respect to the accounts of sanitary authorities under this section, have the like powers, and be subject to the like obligations in every respect, as in case of the audit under the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, as amended by the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872, and any person aggrieved by the decision of the auditor shall have the like rights and remedies as in the case of such last-mentioned audit.

Fourteen days notice of any audit under the said Acts or this Act shall be sufficient, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

50. Every sanitary authority shall have power to direct Sanitaryautho-the destruction of any bedding, clothing, or other articles detraction of which have been exposed to infection from any dangerous infectious bed-infectious disorder, and to give compensation for the same. ding, &c.

51. The Local Government Board may, at its discretion, by Regulations as notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette, declare the to lodSing»in enactment contained in section thirty-five of the Sanitary Act,

1866, to be in force in the district of any sanitary authority, notwithstanding the restrictions in the said section contained; and from and after the publication of such notice the sanitary authority named therein shall be empowered to make regulations in respect of the matters in that section mentioned, but such regulations shall not be of any validity unless and until they are confirmed by the Local Government Board.

Regulations made under the said section may extend to ventilation of rooms, paving and drainage of premises, and to notices to be given and precautions to be taken in case of any infectious or contagious disease.

52. The keeper of every common lodging house which is Notices of com-registered under the Common Lodging Houses Acts, and the

owner or occupier of every slaughter-house causing the same daughter-to be licensed or registered, as the case may be, under the house to be Sanitary Acts, shall, when required to do so by the sanitary authority registering or licensing the same, cause a notice p with the words " Registered Lodging House," or " Licensed or Registered Slaughter-house," as the case may be, to be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outside of the premises where the same can be seen by any inspector or officer of the sanitary authority,

Such notice shall be affixed within one month after the registration or license, as the case may be, and shall be continued undefaced and legible so long as the premises are used for the purpose.

Every person who shall make default in this respect, or shall neglect or refuse to affix or renew such notice after requisition in writing from the sanitary authority, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every offence and of ten shillings for every day that the neglect shall continue after conviction.

53. If it shall be represented to any sanitary authority that Provision for within their district the water in any well, public or private, or supplied from any public pump, is so polluted as to be piimp8. injurious to health, such authority may apply to any justices having jurisdiction within their district, in petty sessions assembled, for an order to remedy the same, and thereupon

502

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

such justices shall summon the person occupying the premises to which the well belongs, if it be private, and, as regards any public well or pump, such person (if any) as shall be alleged in the application to be interested in the same, and shall either dismiss the application or make such an order in the case, by directing the well or pump to be permanently or temporarily closed, or the water to be used for certain purposes only, or providing otherwise, as shall appear to them to be requisite to prevent injury to the health of persons drinking the water.

For the purposes of such inquiry, the said justices may cause the water to be analysed at the cost of the sanitary authority applying.

And all the expenses incurred by such authority in and about the procuring of this order, and in carrying it into execution, shall be charged upon the funds applicable to their general expenditure, but, in the case of a rural sanitary authority, shall be deemed to be special expenses within the meaning of the Sanitary Acts.

Provided that where the order is made in respect of any private well, any person aggrieved thereby may appeal against the same in the manner provided by the ninety-third section of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, and with the same incidents and consequences.

Where the justices dismiss the application, they may, if they think fit, award such costs to the persoD summoned as to them shall appear to be reasonable.

Hospital when 54. For the purposes of the twenty-sixth section of the idtWn^trfct. Sanitary Act, 1866, every hospital or place for the reception of the sick which shall be declared by an order of the Local Government Board to be situated within a convenient distance of the district of any sanitary authority for the purposes of that section shall be deemed to be within the district of such sanitary authority.

Where a justice shall make an order under that section for the removal of a sick person to a hospital or other place, he shall address it to such police or other officer as he shall consider expedient; and every person wilfully disobeying the order, or obstructing the execution of the same, shall be guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction before two justices, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

Extension of 55. The right of complaint given by the thirteenth section r^dnt°under" the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Nuisances Re- Her Majesty, chapter seventy-seven, shall extend to nuisances moval Acts in any plaoe, whether on private or public premises, and may (1878). exerojged by any inhabitant in such place, or any owner of

premises situated therein, or any other person aggrieved or injuriously affected thereby.

The provisions 56. The second section of the Nuisances Removal Act for sancwRemoval ng^an(i (Amendment) Act, 1863, shall extend to milk in the

1874.

Public Health (Ireland) *

Ch. 93 *

503

same manner as if the word " milk " had been introduced after Act for Eng-the word "flour" wherever the word " flour" occurs in the ^tUct^" said section; and the justice who, under the said section, is extend

empowered to convict the offender therein described may be to milk, other than the justice who may have ordered the article to be disposed of or destroyed.

57. On complaint made by a medical officer of health or Warrant may by any inspector or other officer of a sanitary authority upon be granted by oath, any justice may grant a warrant to any such officer to ^hCfor°nn-enter any building or part of a building or other place in sound food, which the complainant has reasonable ground for believing that any animal, carcase, meat, poultry, game, fish, fruit, vegetables, com, bread, flour, or milk, intended for sale for the food of man, which is so diseased, unsound, or unwholesome as to be unfit for the food of man, is kept or concealed, and to search for, seize, and carry away any such animal, carcase, meat, poultry, game, fish, fruit, vegetables, com, bread, flour, or milk, in order to have the same dealt with in manner provided by law; and any person obstructing any such officer in performance of any duty under this section shall, in addition to any other punishment to which he may be subject, be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

58. If any registrar, or any officer appointed by the Justices may guardians to enforce the provisions of the Acts relating to vaccination in Ireland, shall give information in writing to a nation of any justice of the peace that he has reason to believe that any child under child under the age of fourteen years, being 'within the union 14 year8, or district for which the informant acts, has not been successfully vaccinated, and that he has given notice to the father or mother of the said child, or to the person having the care, nurture, or custody of such child, to procure its being vaccinated, and that this notice has been disregarded, the justice may summon such father or mother or person to appear with the child before him at a certain time and place, and upon the appearance, if the justice shall find, after such examination as he shall deem necessary, that the child has not been vaccinated, nor has already had the smallpox, he may, if he see fit, make an order under his hand and seal directing such child to be vaccinated within a certain time; and if at the expiration of such time the child shall not have been so vaccinated, or shall not be shown to be then unfit to be vaccinated, or to be insusceptible of vaccination, the person upon whom such order shall have been made shall be proceeded against summarily, and, unless he can show some reasonable ground for his omission to carry the order into effect, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

Provided that if the justice shall be of opinion that the person is improperly brought before him, and shall refuse to

504

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland).

37 & 38 Vict.

make any order for the vaccination of the child, he may order the informant to pay to such person such sum of money as he shall consider to be a fair compensation for his expenses and loss of time in attending before the justice.

Penalty on fidae 59. If any owner or occupier or person employed to let whh^t°to for or to show for the purposes of letting for hire, any infectious house or part of a house, when questioned by any person

disease. negociating for the hire of such house or part of a house

as to the fact of there being in such house, or having within three months previously been therein, any person suffering from an infectious, contagious, or epidemic disease, knowingly makes a false answer to such question, the person so answering falsely shall be guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction, and, at the discretion of the justices having cognizance of the case, be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding one month, or to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

Penalty on 60. Any person wilfully neglecting or refusing to obey or made^under^68 carr3r ou^ or obstructing the execution of any rule, order, sect. 52 of or regulation made by the Local Government Board under 29 & so Vict. section fifty-two of the Sanitary Act, 1866, shall be guilty of c* 90* an offence punishable on summary conviction, and be liable to

a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

Legal Proceedings.

Legal position 61. Subject to the provisions of this Act, every sanitary of sanitary authority shall, as respects the service of notices in pursuance

ant onty. of ^he Sanitary Acts by or on behalf of or on such authority,

and as respects all legal proceedings, matters, and things to be taken or done in pursuance of the Sanitary Acts by or on behalf of or to such authority, stand in the same position in all respects in which previously to the passing of this Act, any authority stood whose powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations are transferred to such authority; and for the purposes of this section a joint board shall be deemed to be a sanitary authority.

Notices how 62. Every notice required to be given on behalf of a

to be signed, sanitary authority shall be deemed to be sufficient on their

behalf, if it be written or printed, and purports to be signed by the clerk or acting clerk of such authority.

Powers given 63. All powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be by this Act to in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers be cumulative. conferre<i by Act, local Act, provisional order, law, or custom, and such other powers may be exercised in the same manner as if this Act had not passed.

Recovery of penalties.

64. Any penalty recoverable under the provisions of this Act shall be recoverable in a summary way, with respect to

Public Health (Ireland).

Ch. 93.

505

the police district of Dublin Metropolis, subject and according to the provisions of any Act regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district, and with respect to other parts of Ireland before a justice or justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions, subject and according to the provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the same; and all such penalties, when recovered by or on behalf or at the instance of any sanitary authority, or any officer of such authority, shall be paid to such sanitary authority, and by the same applied in aid of their expenses under the Sanitary Acts; and save as aforesaid, all such penalties shall be applied in manner directed by "The Fines Act (Ireland), 1851," and any Act amending the same.

65. Whereas by an Act passed in the second year of Her Appointment* Majesty, entitled "An Act for the more effectual relief of the ^rc856* 36 " destitute poor in Ireland," it was enacted that no instrument exempt from made in pursuance of that Act nor the appointment of any stamp duty, paid officer engaged in the administration of the laws for the relief of the poor or in the management or collection of the poor rate shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatever, and it is expedient to extend such exemptions from stamp duty to instruments and to appointments made in pursuance of the provisions of the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872: Be it enacted, that no instrument made in pursuance of the provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, and no appointment which has been or shall hereafter be made of any paid officer engaged in the administration of the provisions thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatever.

Definitions.

66. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the Definitions, following terms have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

u Borough" means any place for the time being subject to the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and eight, intituled An Act for the regulation " of municipal corporations in Ireland," and any Act amending the same:

" Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland:

" Person " includes any body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate:

" Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts" means 29 & 30 Vict. c. 44 (Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866); 30 & 31 Vict. c, 28 (Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, 1867):

506

Ch. 93.

Public Health (Ireland). 37 & 38 Vict.

" Artisans and Labourers Dwellings Act" means 31 & 32 Vict c. 130 (Artisans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1868):

" Bakehouse Regulation Act" means 26 & 27 Vict. c. 40 (Bakehouse Regulation Act, 1863):

"Diseases Prevention Act" means 18 & 19 Vict c. 116 (Diseases Prevention Act, 1855), as amended by 23 & 24 Vict c. 77 (An Act to amend the Acts for the removal of nuisances and the prevention of diseases): as the same are amended and extended to Ireland by 29 & 30 Vict c. 90.

" Baths and Washhouses Acts" means 9 & 10 Vict a 87 (An Act for promoting the voluntary establishment in boroughs and certain towns in Ireland of public baths and washhouses):

" Burial Grounds Acts" means the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act, 1856, as the same is amended by the 23 & 24 Vict. c. 76.

" Common Lodging Houses Acts" means 14 & 15 Vict c. 28 (Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851); 16 & 17 Vict c. 41 (Common Lodging Houses Act, 1853) as amended by 23 Vict. c. 26.

" Sewage Utilization Acts" means 28 & 29 Vict c. 75 (The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865); 29 & 30 Vict c. 90 (The Sanitary Act, 1866); 30 & 31 Vict a 113 (The Sewage Utilization Act, 1867); and 31 & 32 Vict. c. 115 (The Sanitary Act, 1868); and 32 & 33 Vict. c. 100 (The Sanitary Loans Act, 1869) as applied to Ireland by 34 & 35 Vict c. 109. and 35 & 36 Vict c. 69. "Nuisances Removal Acts" means 18 & 19 Vict c. 121 (The Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855); 23 & 24 Vict. c. 77 (An Act to amend the Acts for the removal of nuisances and the prevention of diseases); 26 & 27 Vict. c. 117 (The Nuisances Removal Act for England (Amendment) Act, 1863); 29 & 30 Vict c. 41 (The Nuisances Removal Act (No. 1), 1866); 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90 (The Sanitary Act, 1866) as amended by 32 & 33 Vict c. 108; and the Sanitary Act, 1868, as applied to Ireland by 34 & 35 Vict. c. 109, and 35 & 36 Vict. a 6 9:

" Sanitary Acts" means all the above-mentioned Acts and this Act, and includes any amendments of such Acts, and with respect to any urban sanitary district, includes any Act, local Act, or provisional order relating to the same subject matters as the above-mentioned Acts in force within such district:

" Sanitary purposes" means any objects or purposes of the Sanitary Acts: u Sanitary authority" means either " urban or rural sanitary authority

Public Health (Ireland).

Ch. 93, 94.

507

" Lands Clauses Acts" means and includes the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, as the same is amended by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864, and the Railway Traverse Act:

" Poor Law Acts" means 1 & 2 Vict. c. 56, and the Acts amending the same:

" Medical Charities Acts" means 14 & 15 Vict c. 68, and the Acts amending the same.

CHAPTER 94.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Land Rights and Conveyancing, and to facilitate the Transfer of Land, in Scotland.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to land rights and conveyancing, and to facilitate the transfer of land, in Scotland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Con- Short title, veyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874."

2. This Act shall, except where otherwise provided, come Commence-into operation on the first day of October one thousand eight meat of Act hundred and seventy-four, which date is herein-after referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. The following words and expressions in this Act shall Interpretation, have the several meanings hereby assigned to them; that is to say,

"Land" or "lands" shall include all subjects of heritable property which are or may be held of a superior according to feudal tenure, or which prior to the commencement of this Act have been or might have been held by burgage tenure, or by tenure of booking:

"Estate in land" shall mean any interest in land, whether in fee, liferent, or security, and whether beneficial or in trust, or any real burden on land, and shall include an estate of superiority:

"Superior " shall include the Crown, the Prince and Steward of Scotland, and all subject superiors, and shall also include mid-superiors;"superiority" shall include mid-superiority:

Ua 2

508

Ch. 94. Conveyarichig&Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

" Conveyance " and deed " and " instrument" shall each have the meaning attached thereto by "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868/* and " The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1869," and shall also, when used in this Act* include all the deeds, instruments, decrees, petitions, and writings specified in this Actand the words " heritable securities " and H securities " shall have the meaning attached thereto by the said recited Acts, and shall also, when used in this Act, include real burdens and securities by way of ground annual:

" Infeftment " shall include every title to an estate in land requiring and admitting of infeftment which is duly recorded in the appropriate register of sasines:

" Feu " shall include " blench/' and " feu-duty " shall include " blench-duty

"Casualties" shall include the relief duty payable on the entry or succession of an heir, the composition or other duty payable on the entry of a singular successor, whether by law or under the conditions of the feu, and all payments exigible in lieu of such duties and compositions, and all periodical fixed sums or quantities which may be stipulated for under this Act:

" Sheriff " shall include steward, sheriff* substitute, and steward substitute.

Renewal of

investiture

abolished.

Infeftment to imply entry with superior.

" 4. When lands have been feued, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, —

(J.) It shall not, notwithstanding any provision, declarar tion, or condition to the contrary in any statute in force at the passing of this Act, or in any deed, instrument, or writing, whether dated before or after the passing of this Act, be necessary, in order to the completion of the title of any person having a right to the lands in whole or in part, whether such right shall have been acquired by succession, bequest, gift, or conveyance, that he shall obtain from the superior any charter, precept, or other writ by progress; and it shall not be competent for the superior, in any case to grant any such charter, precept, or other writ by progress: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the granting of charters of novodamus or precepts or writs from Chancery or of clare constat, or writs of acknowledgment:

(2.) Every proprietor who is at the commencement of this Act or thereafter shall be duly infeft in the lands shall be deemed and held to be, as at the date of the registration of such infeftment in the appropriate register of sasines, duly entered with the nearest

509

1874?. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94s.

superior whose estate of superiority in such lands would according to the law existing prior to the commencement of this Act have been not defeasible at the will of the proprietor so infeft, to the same effect as if such superior had granted a writ x>f confirmation according to the existing law and practice, and that whether the superior's own title or that of any over superior has been completed or not, but such implied entry shall not be held to confer or confirm any rights more extensive than those contained in the original charter or feu right of the lands or in the last charter or other writ by which the vassal was entered therein: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be held to validate any subfeu in cases where subinfeudation has been effectually prohibited; and provided further, that notwithstanding such implied entry, the proprietor last entered in the lands, and his heirs and representatives, shall continue personally liable to the superior for payment of the whole feu-duties affecting the said lands, and for performance of the whole obligations of the feu, until notice of the change of ownership of the feu shall have been given to the superior; but without prejudice to the superior having all his remedies against the entered proprietor under the entry implied by this Act, and without prejudice also to the right of the proprietor last entered in the lands and his foresaids ti> recover from the entered proprietor of the lands all feu-duties which such proprietor last entered in the lands or his foresaids may have had to pay in consequence of any failure or omission to give such notice; and for this purpose all the remedies competent to the superior for recovery of feu-duties shall by virtue of this Act be held to be assigned to the proprietor last entered in the lands and his foresaids - to the effect of enabling them to recover payment

of any sums so paid by them as aforesaid, but that always under reservation of, and without prejudice to the superior's rights, remedies, and securities for making effectual and recovering all other feu-duties due and to become due to him; and such notice may be in the form of Schedule A. hereto annexed, or as nearly in that form as the circumstances in each particular case will permit. In the event of the proprietor last entered in the lands or his foresaids desiring to preserve evidence of his or their having sent such notice, it shall be sufficient if a copy of such notice, certified by the sender thereof as having been delivered or put into the post office by him in TJu 3

510 Ch. 94. Conveyamdng & Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vicx.

Implied entry not to affect rights of superiors to feu-duties, &c.

Action in lien of a declarator of non-entry.

presence of two witnesses, who shall also subscribe the certificate, is preserved, or that the notice is acknowledged by the superior or his agent to have been received, either on a duplicate thereof or by a separate acknowledgment, and the superior or his agent on receiving such intimation in duplicate, with a fee of five shillings, shall, if required, be bound to return one of the copies with an acknowledgment of intimation thereon subscribed by him:

(3.) Such implied entry shall not prejudice or affect the right or title of any superior to any casualties, feu-duties, or arrears of feu-duties which may be due or exigible in respect of the lands, at or prior to the date of such entry; and all rights and remedies competent to a superior under the existing law and practice or under the conditions of any feu right, for recovering, securing, and making effectual such casualties, feu-duties, and arrears, or for irritating the feu ob non solutum canonem, and all the obligations and conditions in the feu rights prestable to or exigible by the superior, in so far as the same may not have ceased to be operative in consequence of the provisions of this Act or otherwise, shall continue to be available to such superior in time coming; but provided always, that such implied entry shall not entitle any superior to demand any casualty sooner than he could, by the law prior to thia Act or by the conditions of the feu right, have required the vassal to enter or to pay such casualty irrespective of his entering:

(4.) No lands shall, after the commencement of this Act, be deemed to be in non-entry, but a superior who would but for this Act be entitled to sue an action of declarator of non-entry against the successor of the vassal in the lands, whether by succession, bequest, gift, or conveyance, may raise in the Court of Session against such successor, whether he shall be infeft or not, an action of declarator and for payment of any casualty exigible at the date of such action, and no implied entry shall be pleadable in defence against such action; and any decree for payment in such action shall have the effect of and operate as a decree of declarator of non-entiy, according to the now existing law, but shall cease to have such effect upon the payment of such casualty, and of the expenses (if any) contained in said decree; but such payment shall not prejudice the right or title of the superior to the rents due for the period while he is in possession of the lands under such decree nor to any feu-duties or arrears thereof which

511

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

may be due or exigible at or prior to the date of such payment, or the rights and remedies competent to him under the existing law and practice for recovering and securing the same; and the summons in such action may be in or as nearly as may be in the form of Schedule B. hereto annexed.

5. Unless where it has been or shall be otherwise stipulated, Compositions corporations shall pay at the date at which the first composition £oya^ons or would have been payable if this Act had not been passed, and trustees or every twenty-fifth year thereafter, a sum equal to what, but persons having for tie passing of this Act, would have been payable on entry m"

by a singular successor; and where a composition payable on the death of the vassal shall become exigible from any trustee or body of trustees, another composition shall be payable at the end of every twenty-five years, so long as the lands shall be vested in such trustee or trustees; and where, by the terms of the feu rights of the lands a taxed composition is payable on the occasion of each sale or transfer of the property, as well as on the occasion of the death of each vassal, and a composition shall in consequence of the acquisition of the property become exigible from any corporation or from any trustee or body of trustees, another composition, unless where it has been or shall be otherwise stipulated, shall be payable at the end of every fifteen years from the date of such acquisition by such corporation or trustee or trustees, so long as the lands shall be vested in such corporation or trustee or trustees, with such interest, if any, as may be stipulated for in the feu rights during the not payment of casualties; provided always, that in the event of such corporation or of such trustee or trustees ceasing to be proprietors of the lands after having paid a composition or compositions in terms of this section the successor of such corporation or of such trustee or trustees who shall be duly infeft in the lands at the expiration of twenty-five years where a composition is payable on the death of the vassal, or at the expiration of fifteen years where a composition is payable on the occasion of each sale or transfer as well as on the occasion of each death, from the date of the last payment of composition as aforesaid, shall then pay a composition, and the casualties for and in respect of such lands shall thereafter become due and payable at the same time and in the same manner as if such lands had never been vested in such corporation or in such trustee or trustees; and where, by the terms of the feu rights of the lands a taxed composition is payable on the occasion of each sale or transfer of the property as well as on the occasion of the death of each vassal, and where an entry is implied in terms of this Act in favour of two or more parties having separate interests as life-renter and fiar respectively or as successive life-renters, a composition, or in the case of parties interested pro indiviso a

Ch. 94. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

Consolidation of superiority with property.

Consolidation not to affect or extend superior's right.

Memorandum of allocation of feu-duty.

Estates to vest in heirs without service.

rateable share of a composition, shall be due by and exigible from each of the parties who shall take or derive benefit under the implied entry in the order in which they shall severally take or derive benefit under such implied entry, with such interest, if any, as may be stipulated for in the feu right during the not payment of casualties.

6. When a superior has acquired and completed or shall acquire and complete a title by infeftment to the property or mid-superiority of lands, or where the proprietor of the property or of the mid-superiority has acquired and completed or shall acquire and complete a title by infeftment to the superiority, a minute in the form, or as nearly as may be in the form of Schedule C. hereto annexed, shall, when recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, be held to consolidate the property or the mid-superiority, as the case may be, with the superiority, all to the same effect as consolidation effected by resignation ad perpetuam remanentiam duly completed according to the present law and practice.

7. No consolidation that may be effected under this Act or otherwise shall in any way affect or extend the rights or interests of any over superior, or entitle him to any more than the duties or casualties to which he would have been entitled had there been no consolidation.

8. Where a proprietor desires to obtain the benefit of any provision as to allocation of feu-duty, or where the superior agrees to an allocation of the feu-duty contained in the original grant with or without augmentation, such proprietor may, either before or after the deed in his favour is recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, obtain a memorandum indorsed thereon in or as nearly as may be in the form of Schedule D. hereto annexed, and the allocation contained in such memorandum shall be binding on all having interest: Provided always, that such allocation shall not prejudice or affect the rights of heritable creditors who are not parties thereto.

9. A personal right to every estate in land descendible to heirs shall, without service or other procedure, vest or be held to have vested in the heir entitled to succeed thereto, by his survivance of the person to whom he is entitled to succeed, whether such person shall have died before or after the commencement of this Act, provided the heir shall be alive at the date of the commencement of this Act, if such person shall have died before that date, and such personal right shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be of the like nature and be attended with the like consequences, and be transmissible in the same manner as a personal right to land under an unfeudalized conveyance, according to the existing law and practice.

513

1874. Conveyancing & Land, Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

10. A title of an heir to, or disponee of, a proprietor of Completion of any lands who was neither infeft nor served, but vested only ce^Ld h^/not with a personal right to such lands, by virtue of this Act, or served, of any person acquiring right from such heir or disponee, may be made up in like manner as if the person making up a title had held a disposition from the proprietor last infeft in the . lands in favour of his immediate successor therein, and a disposition and assignation from each heir or disponee, if any, intervening between such immediate successor and the person so making up a title in favour of his immediate successor therein; and such title may be made up in manner following, viz .:

The heir or disponee or other successor making up such title shall present to the sheriff of Chancery, or to the sheriff of the county where the lands are situated, a petition which may embrace several; separate lands or estates, and may be in the form of Schedule E. hereto annexed, or as nearly in that form as the circumstances in each particular case will permit, setting forth the name of the proprietor last infeft, a description of the lands, or a valid reference thereto, and the names and, so far as known, the designations of every proprietor having only a personal right therein, whether by succession, bequest, gift, or conveyance, who has intervened between the proprietor last infeft and the petitioner, and also setting forth the petitioner's own right to the said lands; and on the decree pronounced on said petition finding the facts therein set forth proved, and that the petitioner is entitled to be infeft in the said lands, being extracted in one or several extracts, and on such extract decree or decrees, as the case may be, being recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, the petitioner shall be held to be duly infeft in the said lands contained in the extract or extracts so recorded.

Such petition shall be presented, published, and carried Petition to be through in all respects as if the same were a petition for special service under the now existing law; and the extract ^titionfor6* decree or decrees on such petition, as the case may be, shall be special service, equivalent to a decree of special service, and when duly recorded as aforesaid in the appropriate register of sasines, shall have the same effect as regards the lands therein contained as an extract decree of special service duly recorded under the now existing law.

1L Notwithstanding any existing law or practice it shall Error in cha-be no objection to any precept or writ from Chancery or of dare constat, or to any decree of service whether general or not to affect special, or to any writ of acknowledgment, whether obtained entry, before or after the commencement of this Act, or to any other decree, or to any petition, that the character in which an heir is or may have been entitled to succeed is erroneously stated therein; provided such heir was in truth entitled to succeed as

Heir not liable beyond value of estate.

May renounce.

Bight of any person to succession as heir may be challenged within 20 years.

Legal remedies to prevent entry preserved.

Redemption of casualties.

Ch. 94. ConveyaTuying<&LandTramsfer(SwttaMd). 37 & 38 Vict.

heir to the lands specified in the precept, writ, decree, or petition.

12. An heir shall not be liable for the debts of his ancestor beyond the value of the estate of such ancestor to which he succeeds, and if an heir shall renounce the succession, the creditors of the ancestor shall have the same rights against the estate as upon a renunciation according to the law before the commencement of this Act.

When an heir has, before renunciation, intromitted with the ancestor's estate, he shall be liable for the ancestor's debts to the extent of such intromission, but no further.

13. The right of any person to an estate in land by succession as heir acquired after the commencement of this Act may, at any time within twenty years of his infeftment as heir and his entering into possession of such estate, but not thereafter, be challenged by any one who would have been entitled to challenge the decree of service of such person had he expede a service according to the practice existing prior to this Act; and, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, the date of his infeftment shall, for the purpose of this limitation, be assumed to be the date of entering into possession; and such challenge may be made by an action to negative or set aside the alleged right of succession, or to reduce any title expede in virtue of such alleged right.

14. Nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the legal remedies of any person having lawful title and interest to prevent any other person from entering into possession of an estate in land as heir, or to remove him from possession, or to obtain sequestration of such estate, or the appointment of a judicial factor pending the trial of any question regarding the right of succession; and it shall be lawful for a court of competent jurisdiction to regulate possession pending such trial, as the Court shall see just, notwithstanding the completion, under this Act, of the title of any person as heir.

15. The casualties incident to any feu created prior to the commencement of this Act shall be redeemable on such terms as may be agreed on between the superior and the proprietor of the feu in respect of which they are payable: And, failing agreement* all such casualties, except those which consist of a fixed amount stipulated and agreed to be paid in money or in fungibles at fixed periods or intervals, may be redeemed by the proprietor of the feu in respect of which the same are payable, on the following terms, viz., in cases where casualties are exigible only on the death of the vassal such casualties may be redeemed on payment to the superior of the amount of the highest casualty, estimated as at the date of redemption, with an addition of fifty per cent .; and in cases where casualties are exigible on occasion of each sale or transfer of

1874. Cmveycmcvng <b Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

515

the property, as well as on the death of the vassal, such casualties may be redeemed on payment of two and a half times the amount of the casualty estimated as aforesaid payable on such occasions: Provided always, that where the casualty consists of a sum calculated on the footing of an annual sum being paid for each year from the date of the last entry, such casualty may be redeemed upon payment of eighteen times the amount of such annual sum: And provided always, that before any such redemption, otherwise than by agreement, shall be allowed, any casualty which has become due shall be paid, and in the case of such annual sums the amount of such sums since the last payment thereof, and that the redemption shall apply only to future and prospective casualties.

16. The superior, unless he shall elect to have the redemp- Casualties re-tion money converted into an annual sum as herein-after dfectarged* provided, shall, on payment or tender of such redemption money, be bound, at the expense of the party redeeming, to discharge all right to the casualties so redeemed, and such discharge, which may be in the form set forth in Schedule F. hereto annexed, or in a similar form, being recorded in the appropriate register of sasines at the expense of the party redeeming, shall operate as a valid and effectual discharge of such casualties: Provided always, that when the superior shall have granted an heritable security affecting the superiority, no discharge to be granted to the vassal so redeeming shall be effectual without the consent of the creditor in such heritable security.

17. It shall be lawful for the superior to elect that the °Pkonjo su-redemption money above provided shall be converted into an ment^f an*7" annual sum, equal to four per cent, upon the capital; and in annual sum. that case, a memorandum, in the form set forth in Schedule G. hereto annexed, or in a similar form, of the amount of such annual sum, shall be signed by the parties or their respective agents and recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, at the expense of the party redeeming, whereupon such annual sum shall be deemed to be feu-duty with all the legal qualities thereof, and shall form an addition to any existing feu-duty, and the superior's right to all casualties shall be held to be discharged.

18. Casualties subject to the fetters of an entail may be not f° redeemed as aforesaid notwithstanding such entail, the re- emption. demption money being consigned in one of the banks in Scotland incorporated by Royal Charter or Act of Parliament in name of the accountant of the Court of Session, who shall be allowed a reasonable fee for his trouble out of such money, and being applied by the heir of entail in possession under the orders of the said court for the benefit of the entailed estate.

Redemption of casualties by a mid-superior.

Commutation of carriages and services by agreement;

or by sheriff.

Commuted value to be feu-duty.

Ch. 94. Conveyancing&Land Transfer (Scotland), 37 & 38 Vict.

the accruing interest being payable to the heir of entail in possession during the time the same shall arise; provided always, that when the redemption money so consigned during any period of three years shall not exceed in whole the sum of one hundred pounds, the same may at the end of that period be paid over by the accountant for the time, without orders or authority from the court, to the person or persons or the representatives of the person or persons in possession of the entailed estate at the time or times when the consignment or consignments was or were respectively made. Or the heir of entail in possession of an entailed estate at the time, when any casualty shall be redeemed may, in his option, elect in lieu of such consignment in bank, that the redemption money shall be converted into an annual sum equal to four per centum upon the capital, in which case a memorandum as before provided shall be signed and recorded, whereupon such annual sum shall be deemed to be feu-duty, with the qualities and in manner and to the effect before provided.

19. The person in right of any estate of superiority created prior to the commencement of this Act shall be entitled to redeem the casualties, legal or conventional, which may be payable to an over superior, in the same manner and on the same terms and conditions as are herein-before enacted with respect to the redemption of casualties by a person in right of an estate of property.

20. Where carriages and services, or any of them, exigible by the superior, shall, for any period of five years, have been commuted to an annual money payment by agreement between the pai-ties, whether reduced to writing or not, and whether express or implied from the conduct or actings of parties, and have not thereafter been exacted and performed, the said annual payment shall thereafter be deemed to be the value in all time coming of such carriages and services respectively, and the superior shall be bound to accept the same in lieu of such carriages and services respectively:

With respect to carriages and services which have not been so commuted, it shall be competent to either party to apply to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction the lands lie to determine summarily the annual value thereof, and the determination of the sheriff shall be final and not subject to review, and the superior shall be bound thereafter to accept of the annual sum so determined in lieu of such carriages and services.

21. The annual money value, where ascertained as aforesaid by agreement, may be stated in a memorandum in the form set forth in the said Schedule G. hereto annexed, or in a similar form, signed by the parties or their respective agents, and on such memorandum, or the extract decree pronounced by the sheriff, as the case may be, being recorded in the appro-

S

517

1874* Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

priate register of sasines, such annual money value shall be deemed to be feu-duty with all the legal qualities thereof, and shall form an addition to any existing feu-duty, and the superior s right to the carriages and services shall be held to be discharged. Such discharge, redemption, and commutation Not barred by may be validly effected, notwithstanding the fetters of any entail?-entail.

22. All conditions, whether made before or after the com- Monopolies of mencement of this Act, to the effect that the superior shall be 8aPen°r' entitled to select or appoint an agent to prepare or record nulled, sasines or warrants of registration, or conveyances or other

deeds having reference to any estate in land, or restraining or restricting the proprietor of any estate in land in the selection of an agent to prepare or record such sasines, warrants, conveyances, or other deeds, or securing any privilege or monopoly to the superior's agent, or to any agent or agents selected or appointed by him, or to the effect that any proprietor of lands shall be bound to intimate to the superior of such lands any change of ownership, whether by succession or singular title, except as herein-before provided, or to pay any fees or expenses in connexion with such change of ownership, and further all conditions made after the commencement of this Act, to the effect that it shall not be lawful to the proprietor of lands to subfeu the same to be holden of himself as immediate lawful superior thereof, or to grant conveyances thereof to be holden a me vel de me or with an alternative manner of holding, shall, with all irritant clauses applicable thereto, be null and void, and not capable of being enforced, and all enactments to the contrary of, or at variance with, this enactment in any Act of Parliament shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

23. In feus granted after the commencement of this Act, In absence of the annual feu-duty shall be of fixed amount or quantity, and

no casualties or duties shall by law, irrespective of express casualties in condition or covenant, be payable to the granter of the feu, or feus created his successors in the superiority, and it shall not be lawful to ^cement of condition or stipulate for any casualty to be paid on the sue- Act. cession of an heir or the acquisition of a singular successor, or in any way except at fixed intervals; but it shall be lawful to Increase or recondition or stipulate for a permanent increase or reduction of d^tion of feu-the feu-duty, or for payment of a casualty in the form of a i/additoaai periodical fixed sum or quantity, provided that the amount of payment may such increase or reduction, or of such periodical additional 1)6 sum or quantity, shall be certain, and that the time or times at which such additional sum or quantity shall be exigible, or from and after which such increase or reduction is to have effect, shall also be certain and not dependent upon any event or occurrence except the occurrence or recurrence of the time or times at which under the terms of such condition or stipule). 44. Price 2d] X x

Ch. 94. Conveyancing&LandTra/nsfer(ScoUa/nd). 37 & 38 Vict.

Where feu rights stipulating or inferring casualties are c6ntracted to be granted.

Distinction between burgage and feu abolished.

lation the periodical additional sum or quantity is made exigible, or the increase or reduction of feu-duty is to have effect.

24. In all cases where superiors have agreed or contracted prior to the passing of this Act to feu land, but have not granted the feu rights thereto prior to the commencement of this Act, and but for the provisions of this Act would have been entitled in the feu rights to stipulate for the payment of casualties as well as of feu-duties, nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or held as depriving such superiors of their right to such casualties, but such casualties may, if desired by such superiors or their vassals in such feus, be converted into annual sums equal to four per cent, on the amount of the price of the redemption of such casualties ascertained as provided in section fifteen hereof, and such annual sums shall be deemed to be feu-duties, with all the legal qualities thereof, and shall form additions to the feu-duties which may have been contracted for, and in the feu rights to be granted of such feus superiors shall be entitled, in the event of the casualties being converted as aforesaid, to state as one feu-duty the feu-duty which has been contracted for or agreed upon, and that formed by the converted casualty, and shall have all competent remedies for recovery thereof. But in the event of neither the superiors nor the vassals in such feus desiring to convert casualties agreed or contracted for before the passing of this Act as aforesaid, it shall be competent in such feu rights to stipulate for payment of the casualties which the vassals may expressly or by force of law have agreed or contracted to pay, in the same manner as might have been done prior to the commencement of this Act; and it shall also be competent in such feu rights to stipulate that the same shall be recorded by the agent of the superior at the expense of the vassal if such or a similar stipulation shall have been made and agreed prior to the passing of this Act in the agreement or contract for feuing such land.

26. The proprietors of and all others having any estate in land held burgage shall have the same right and interest in such estate as would have belonged to them under this Act or otherwise had the tenure been feu instead of burgage, and there shall not after the commencement of this Act be any distinction between estates in land held burgage and estates in land held feu, in so far as regards the conveyances relating thereto, or the completion of titles, or any of the matters or things to which the provisions of this Act relate; and the proprietors of estates in land which were held burgage shall be entitled to grant feus of the same in the same manner and to the like effect as if such estates in land had been held by feudal tenure; and the titles of all such feus granted before the commencement of this Act shall be unchallengeable on the

519

grounds that such feus are of land held by burgage tenure, or that such "titles have been recorded in the burgh register of sasines.

Writs affecting land which immediately prior to the com- Registration of mencement of this Act was held burgage shall be recorded in 1x1 bnrSh the burgh register of sasines. register.

The provisions of this section in regard to land held by Provisions for ordinary burgage tenure shall be applicable also to lands in the burgh of Paisley held by the peculiar tenure of booking, baking tenure, except that writs affecting land in said burgh held by the tenure of bookinjg shall be recorded in the register of booking therein.

26. Conveyances of land hitherto held burgage orrby the Form of con-tenure of booking may be in the forms allowed by " The veyance8-Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868/' in regard thereto; provided always, that it shall not be necessary to insert in any such conveyances a procuratory or clause of resignation, and that such procuratory or clause if inserted shall be held pro non scripto, and that the forms applicable to lands held feu shall be applicable likewise, and shall have the same or a similar effect with reference to lands which were held burgage or by the tenure of booking prior to the commencement of this Act.

27. It shall not be competent to object to the validity of The word any deed or writing as a conveyance of heritage coming into " dispone " operation after the passing of this Act, on the ground that it unnecefi8ary* does not contain the word " dispone, 199 provided it contains any other word or words importing conveyance or transference, or present intention to convey or transfer.

28. Where no term of entry is stated in a conveyance of Date of entry, lands, the entry shall be at the first term of Whitsunday or Martinmas after the date or last date of the conveyance, unless it shall appear from the terms of the conveyance that another term of entry was intended.

29. No decree, instrument, or conveyance under this Act, General dispo-and no other decree, instrument, or conveyance, whether dated before or after the commencement of this Act, shall be deemed of titles not*68 to be invalid because the series of titles connecting the person objectionable obtaining such decree, or expeding such instrument, or holding on such conveyance, with the person last infeft, shall contain as 8101111 links of the series two or more general dispositions, or because any general disposition forming a part of the series does not contain a clause of assignation of writs.

30. It shall be lawful to record in the appropriate register Conveyances of sasines any deed, instrument, or writing whereby any real of re^ba^ens burden upon land is assigned, conveyed, or transferred, or is extinguished or restricted.

Real burdens effectual in competition from date of recording; mode of completing title to real burdens.

A general service to be equivalent to a general disposition.

Ch. 94. Conveyancing&Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Victr.

No deed, instrument, or writing, executed or dated after the commencement of this Act, whereby any real burden upon land shall be hereafter assigned, conveyed, or transferred, shall be effectual in competition with third parties, unless the same is recorded in the appropriate register of sasines; and such deed, instrument, or writing shall take effect in competition with third parties only from the date of such registration, and intimation according to the existing law and practice shall be unnecessary when such deed, instrument, or writing is recorded; and real burdens upon land may be assigned, conveyed, or transferred, and extinguished or restricted, and titles thereto may be completed as nearly as may be in the same manner as in the case of heritable securities constituted or requiring to be constituted by infeftment in favour of the creditor as defined by "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," and the whole provisions, enactments, and forms of that Act and of this Act relative to the assignation, conveyance, or transference and extinction or restriction of bonds and dispositions in security, and other heritable» securities constituted or requiring to be constituted by infeftment as aforesaid, and to the completing of titles thereto, and also the forms referred to, as well as the provisions and enactments contained in section one hundred and seventeen of the said Act shall be taken to apply and shall apply as nearly as may be to real burdens upon land; provided always, that securities by way of ground annual, whether redeemable or irredeemable, shall continue to be heritable as regards the succession of the persons in right thereof; and provided also, that where a real burden upon land shall have been assigned, conveyed, or transferred by any deed, instrument, or writing which has entered the appropriate register of sasines, it shall not be necessary to produce to the notary public expeding any notarial instrument applicable to such real burden, or to set forth in such notarial instrument, as a warrant thereof, the deed, instrument, or writing constituting the said real burden; but it shall be sufficient to produce to him, and to specify shortly in such notarial instrument, the deed, instrument, or writing, or the deeds, instruments, or writings whereby the said real burden shall have been assigned, conveyed, or transferred, and which, or one or more of which, if there are more than one, shall have entered the appropriate register of sasines.

31. When a proprietor has died or shall have died infefl in lands, and the heir of the investiture has expede or shall have expede a general service as heir of such proprietor, the decree of general service in favour of such heir shall be equivalent to a mortis causa general disposition of the lands by such proprietor in favour of such heir, to the effect of enabling such heir, or those deriving right from or by succession to him, to

521

expede and record in the appropriate register of sasines all notarial instruments applicable to such lands which a general disponee or those deriving right from him may expede and record under or in terms of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," or of this Act, and that notwithstanding that such proprietor may have died in nonage or been of insane mind, or laboured under any other disability whatever; provided always, that no general service shall have such effect in any case where the heir so served shall have died before the commencement of this Act; and a general service expede by the heir of any person so served and dying after the commencement of this Act, or by any of the successive heirs of the investiture, or by the heir of any general disponee, shall have the like effect as a transmission of the right to the lands; and any such services shall be sufficient links in the series of titles for the connection of the person expeding such instrument with the person last infeft, in the same manner as is herein-before provided with reference to two or more general dispositions forming links in such series.

32. Reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, limit- Reservations, ations, obligations, and stipulations affecting land may be '&nd

validly and effectually imported into any deed, instrument, or affecting lands writing relating to such lands by reference to a deed, instru- may be im-ment, or writing applicable to such lands, or to the estate of re '

which such lands form a part, recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, and in which such reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, limitations, obligations, and stipulations are set forth at full length, and a reference in the form set forth in Schedule H. hereto annexed, or in a similar form, shall be sufficient. And it shall be lawful for any proprietor of lands to execute a deed, instrument, or writing, setting forth the reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, limitations, obligations, and stipulations under which he is to feu or otherwise deal with or affect his lands, or any part thereof, and to record the same in the appropriate register of sasines; and the same being so recorded, such reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, limitations, obligations, and stipulations may be effectually imported in whole or in part by reference into any deed or conveyance relating to such lands subsequently granted by such proprietor, or by his heir or successor, or by any person whatsoever, provided it is expressly stated in such deed or conveyance that it is granted under the reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, limitations, obligations, and stipulations set forth in such deed, instrument, or writing.

33. The following proviso contained in section one hundred All writs before and forty-one of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland)

Act, 1868/' viz., "Provided always, that nothing herein con- rants of regis- tained shall render it necessary to have a warrant of registration.

Ch. 94. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

" tration indorsed or written upon any conveyance, deed, or " writing of or relating to lands held by burgage tenure," which, according to tie existing law and practice, may be " recorded in any burgh register without such warrant/' shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and the remainder of the said section shall apply to all conveyances and deeds, and all writings whatsoever, which may be recorded in any register of sasines.

Title and period 34. Any ex facie valid irredeemable title to an estate in

of prescription. recorded in the appropriate register of sasines shall be sufficient foundation for prescription, and possession following on such recorded title for the space of twenty years conr tinually and together, and that peaceably, without any lawful interruption made during the said space of twenty years, shall, for all the purposes of the Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 1617, c. 12," Anent prescription of heritable rights," be equivalent to possession for forty years by virtue of heritable infeftments for which charters and instruments of sasine or other sufficient titles are shown and produced, according to the provisions of the said Act; and if such possession as aforesaid following on an ex facie valid irredeemable title recorded as aforesaid shall have continued for the space of thirty years no deduction or allowance shall be made on account of the years of minority or less age of those against whom the prescription is used and objected, or of any period during which any person against whom prescription is used or objected was under legal disability. This enactment shall have no application to, and shall not be construed so as to alter or affect, the existing law relating to the character or period of the possession, use, or enjoyment necessary to constitute or prove the existence of any servitude or of any public right of way or other public right, and shall not be pleadable to any effect in any action in dependence at the commencement of this Act, or which shall be commenced prior to the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine: Provided always, that the possession for any space of time prior to the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine shall not have effect for the purposes of this section unless such space of time immediately preceded and was continuous up to the said first day of January.

Registration of a decree of division.

35. A decree of division of commonty or of common property or runrig lands, whether pronounced by a court of law, or by arbiters or by an oversman, shall have the effect of a conveyance containing assignations of writs by all the joint proprietors in favour of the several parties participating in the division of the shares severally allotted to them, and the extract decree pronounced by the court, or the decree pronounced by the arbiters or oversman, or an extract thereof from any competent court books, may be recorded in the appropriate

523

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Off. 94.

register of sasines in ordinary form on behalf of all or any of the parties, or may be used by all or any of the parties for the purpose of infeftment in, or of acquiring a personal right to the shares severally allotted to them, or to any portion thereof, as an assignation, or one of a series of assignations, of an unrecorded conveyance or of a personal right under this Act.

38. A decree of sale obtained in terms of section seventeen Effect of decree of "The Glebe Lands (Scotland) Act, 1866," shall have the of Baleof^lebe-effect of a conveyance by the minister of the parish at the sight of the heritors of the parish and of the presbytery of the bounds, to the heritor in whose favour it is pronounced, and his heirs and assignees whomsoever, of the glebe or portion of glebe therein contained; and, on an extract of such decree being recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, shall vest in such heritor the glebe or portion of the glebe described therein, with a holding of the Crown for payment of a penny Scots yearly, if asked only, as fully and completely as if he had obtained a charter from the Crown by virtue of such decree, and been infeft thereon in common form.

37. The distinction between fees of heritage and fees of Distinction be-conquest is hereby abolished with respect to all successions ^e^e^fe opening after the commencement of this Act, and fees of con- aboUehedL 8 quest shall descend to the same persons, in the same manner,

and subject to the same rules as fees of heritage.

38. It shall be no objection to the probative character of a Certain rules deed, instrument, or writing, whether relating to land or not,

that the writer or printer is not named or designed, or that the number of pages is not specified, or that the witnesses are not named or designed in the body of such deed, instrument; or writing, or in the testing clause thereof, provided that where the witnesses are not so named and designed their designations shall be appended to or follow their subscriptions; and such designations may be so appended or added at any time before the deed, instrument, or writing shall have been recorded in any register for preservation, or shall have been founded on in any court, and need not be written by the witnesses themselves.

39. No deed, instrument, or writing subscribed by the Deed not to be granter or maker thereof, and bearing to be attested by two invali<* because witnesses subscribing, and whether relating to land or not, unpro a ve* shall be deemed invalid or denied effect according to its legal

import because of any informality of execution, but the burden of proving that such deed, instrument, or writing so attested was subscribed by the granter or maker thereof, and by the witnesses by whom such deed, instrument, or writing bears to be attested, shall lie upon the party using or upholding the same, and such proof may be led in any action or proceeding

Ch. 94. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

in which such deed, instrument, or writing is founded on or objected to, or in a special application to the Court of Session, or to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction the defender in any such application resides, to have it declared that such deed, instrument, or writing was subscribed by such granter or maker and witnesses.

Holograph 40. Every holograph writing of a testamentary character ^£"entary shall, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, be deemed to ' have been executed or made of the date it bears.

One notary or 41. Without prejudice to the present law and practice, any peace^n^two deed, instrument, or writing, whether relating to land or not, witnesses to be may, after having been read over to the granter, be validly sufficient where executed on behalf of such granter, who, from any cause, write cannot whether permanent or temporary, is unable to write, by one notary public or justice of the peace subscribing the same for him in his presence and by his authority, without the ceremony of touching the pen, all before two witnesses, and the docquet thereto shall set forth that the granter of the deed authorised the execution thereof, and that the same had been read over to him in presence of the witnesses. Such docquet may be in the form set forth in Schedule I. hereto annexed, or in any words to the like effect.

Inhibitions to 42. All inhibitions subsisting at the commencement of this fivc^ears111 Act prescribe not later than on the lapse of five years

after the said date, and all inhibitions which shall be recorded after the commencement of this Act shall prescribe on the lapse of five years from the date on which such inhibitions But may be shall respectively take effect: Provided always, that the raisers registered of Such inhibitions, or their heirs or assignees, may again record the same, or a memorandum signed by them or their agents in terms of Schedule J. hereto annexed, or in a similar form, in the register of inhibitions before the expiration of the said respective periods of five years, and on such inhibitions or such memorandum being so recorded, such inhibitions shall continue in force for an additional period of five years from the date of such subsequent recording, and such inhibitions or memorandum may be again recorded, or a new memorandum in the terms foresaid may be recorded with the like effect* before the expiration of every subsequent period of five years; provided nevertheless, that in the case of inhibitions subsisting at the commencement of this Act, no such inhibitions shall in any case be effectual for a longer period than they would have remained in force if this Act had not been passed.

Completion of 43. When a sole or last surviving trustee has died or shall have died possessed of an estate in land held in trust, and there shall be no contrary provision in the deed of trust, and no contrary order shall be made by the Court of Session, the heir-at-law of such trustee, being of full age and not subject

1874. Conmyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 9 4.

525

to any legal incapacity, may complete a title thereto as trustee in his room in the manner provided by " The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," with respect to the title of any other heir, but such heir-at-law shall not, unless under the orders of the court or with the consent and approval of all the beneficiaries (being all above age and not subject to any legal incapacity), administer the trust, but, in the absence of such order or such consent and approval, shall be bound forthwith to make over the lands to any trustee or judicial factor appointed by the court for administering the purposes of the trust, or to any trustee or trustees appointed by any person who has power under the trust deed to make such appointment, or to any person or persons whom the beneficiaries, as aforesaid, may have concurred in appointing to execute the remaining purposes of the trust, or to the beneficiaries themselves if the whole trust purposes except the conveyance of the lands in terms of the trust have been or shall have been executed; and such heir-at-law shall, unless he acts as a trustee under such orders or with such consent and approval, be in no way responsible as trustee in regard to the administration of the trust, or of the lands to which he may have made up title as aforesaid.

44. When a trust title has been duly completed and Provisions for recorded, and any person is subsequently appointed by the t^.s^eaofa court to administer the trust in whole or in part as a trustee j^Ltedty the or judicial factor, the interlocutor whereby the appointment is court to admi-made shall specify the trust deed, and the other title or titles ni8ter a trU8t* (if any) by which the trust title had been completed as aforesaid, in such manner as to identify the same, and shall refer

to the register or registers of sasines where such deed or title or titles is or are recorded, and also set forth the lands by description or reference; and an extract of such interlocutor, being recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, shall operate a title by infeftment in the estate in favour of the trustee or judicial factor thereby appointed, in the same manner as if he had been a trustee named in the completed and recorded title in conformity always with the nature and terms of the appointment, and to the effect of enabling him to perform the duties of the office to which he is appointed.

45. When by the tenor of the title to any estate in land How title shall held in trust duly completed in favour of the trustee or

trustees therein named, or any of them, and recorded in the of office or appropriate register of sasines, the office of a trustee has been proprietor is or shall be conferred upon the holder of any place or office, or f* °C1° *, .

., /* r, rVr trustee and nis

proprietor of any estate, and his successors therein, any person successor in

subsequently becoming a trustee by appointment or succession office takes the

to the place or office or estate to which the office of trustee has trU8t *

thus been or shall be annexed shall be deemed and taken to

have a valid and complete title by infeftment in the estate,

Oh.94. CcmveycmcimgSLan^ Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

in the same manner and to the same effect as if he had been named in the completed and recorded title, without the necessity of any deed of conveyance or other procedure.

Trustees or 46. Where in any mortis causa conveyance, grant, or testa-men*iary deed or writing purporting to convey or bequeath whereto direct lands within the sense and meaning of the twentieth section conveyance of of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," lands to them. an(j appointing trustees or executors, the words of conveyance, grant, or bequest are not expressed to be in favour of such trustees or executors, it shall nevertheless be lawful for such trustees or executors to complete a title to such lands in their own persons to the same effect and in the same manner as if the conveyance, grant, or bequest had been expressed to be in favour of them as such trustees or executors, and that by notarial instrument or in any other manner competent to a

Sjeneral disponee; and to hold, administer, and dispose of such ands for the purposes of such mortis causa conveyance, grant, or testamentary deed or writing: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any disponee, grantee, or legatee to whom such lands may be expressly conveyed, granted, or bequeathed by such mortis causa conveyance, grant, or testamentary deed or writing, from completing a title thereto in his own person in terms of said recited Act where the completion of such title shall not be at variance with the purposes or directions of such mortis causa conveyance, grant, or testamentary deed or writing.

Securities upon land, and relative personal obligations, shall transmit against heirs and disponees.

47. Subject to the limitation herein-before provided as to the liability of an heir for the debts of his ancestor, an heritable security for money, duly constituted upon an estate in land shall, together with any personal obligation to pay principal, interest, and penalty contained in the deed or instrument whereby the security is constituted, transmit against any person taking such estate by succession, gift, or bequest, or by conveyance, when an agreement to that effect appears in gremio of the conveyance, and shall be a burden upon his title in the same manner as it was upon that of his ancestor or author, without the necessity of a bond of corroboration or other deed or procedure; and the personal obligation may be enforced against such person by summary diligence or otherwise, in the same manner as against the original debtor. A warrant to charge may be applied for and validly granted in the Bill Chamber or in a Sheriff Court, in the form set forth in Schedule K. hereto annexed, or in a similar form, and all diligence may thereafter proceed against the party in common form. A discharge of the personal obligation of the original or any subsequent debtor, whether granted before or after the commencement of this Act, shall not where the debt still exists prejudice the security on the estate or the obligation as hereby made transmissible against the existing proprietor.

1874. Conveycmdng & Land Transfer (Scotland). Cff. 94. 527

48. Where lands are sold by an heritable creditor under Provision* for the powers competent to creditors in heritable securities, and it shall occur that no surplus remains after deducting the debt sold under hen-secured, with the interest due thereon, and penalties incurred, table securities and expenses in reference to the possession of the estate, (if w^n nor8ur" the creditor had been in possession,) including expense of insurance, repairs and management, and whole expense attending such sale, and after paying all previous incumbrances, and the expense of discharging the same, it shall be competent to any notary public to execute a certificate to that effect, in, or as nearly as may be in, the terms of Schedule L., No. 1, hereto annexed, and the disposition by the creditor to the purchaser shall, along with such certificate, when recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, have the effect of completely disencumbering the lands and others sold of all securities and diligences prior and posterior to the security of such creditor, as well as of the security and diligence of such creditor himself, save and except when the security and diligence of such creditor shall be assigned by way of further or collateral security to the purchaser.

49. Where the debtor in any heritable security, whether Provision for granted before or after the commencement of this Act, shall of

have exercised the power or right of redemption contained heritabilTBecu-therein, but where from the death or absence of the creditor, rity. or any other cause, the debtor cannot obtain a discharge of the incumbrance created by the security, it shall be competent to him to consign the amount, principal and interest, due, and thereupon it shall be competent to any notary public to expede a certificate in, or as nearly as may be in, the terms of Schedule L., No. 2, hereto annexed, and the recording of the said certificate in the appropriate register of sasines shall, provided the principal debt and all interest due thereon in terms of the security shall have been so consigned, have the effect of completely disencumbering the lands contained in such heritable security of the debt and of all interest and penalties corresponding thereto.

50. An assignation or conveyance of any obligation or right Form and effect of relief or other right connected with lands, but the title to which does not, according to the present law, pass under the Mother right general assignation of writs in the disposition of the lands, affecting land, may be granted in, or as nearly as may be in, the form of Schedule M. hereto annexed, and may either be a separate deed or part of another deed, and shall have the effect of vesting in the person or persons in whose favour it is granted, and his or their successors, a valid and complete right and title to the obligation or right thereby assigned or conveyed, with all the intermediate transmissions thereof, to the same effect in all respects as if an assignation or conveyance in the form at present in use had been granted in his or their favour.

528

Probate equivalent to will or extract for completing

Decrees of service unchallengeable on certain grounds.

Form of completing title to heritable securities under a general disposition.

Ch. 94. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38Vlcr.

51. The production to any notary public of the probate of the will or other testamentary settlement of a person deceased, issued by any Court of Probate in England or in Ireland, or in any British colony or dependency, or of an exemplification of such probate, shall for the purpose of expeding a notarial instrument, or otherwise completing a title to any estate in land or to any heritable security, be held to be equivalent to and as effectual as the production to such notary of the will or settlement itself, or of an extract thereof from the books of council and session, and it shall not be competent to institute any challenge of any notarial instrument in respect of the probate or exemplification having been used as the warrant for expeding the same prior to the commencement of this Act

52. It shall not be competent to challenge any judgment or decree of service pronounced in terms of the Act tenth and eleventh Victoria, chapter forty-seven, intituled An Act to amend the law and practice in Scotland as to the service " of heirs/' or of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868/' and dated before the commencement of this Act, or any extract of any such judgment or decree, or any titles following upon such judgment, decree, or extract, on account of any objection to the manner or form in which such judgment or decree was recorded or extracted by the director of Chancery or his depute, or on the ground that the manner and form of recording or extracting such judgments or decrees in use by the director of Chancery or his depute for the time had not been directed or approved of by the lord clerk register in terms of the said Acts, or on the ground that evidence was led in the petition on which such decree followed, and that the decree itself was pronounced before the expiry of the induciae, or days of publication prescribed under the tenth section of the former Act, or under the thirty-third section of the latter Act.

53. It shall be competent to the grantee under a general disposition within the sense and meaning of the nineteenth section of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868, '* or to a person acquiring or deriving right from such grantee, to complete a title to an heritable security belonging to the granter of such general disposition, and in which such granter was infefl, by expeding and recording in the appropriate register of sasines a notarial instrument in, or as nearly as may be in, the form of Schedule N. hereto annexed, and on such notarial instrument being so expede and recorded the grantee or the person acquiring or deriving right from such grantee, as the case may be, in whose favour such instrument has been expede shall be vested with the full right of the creditor in such security, and shall be held to be entered with the superior in like manner and to the same effect as the original creditor himself. And it shall not be competent

529

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

to challenge the validity of any notarial instrument expede and recorded before or after the commencement of this Act with reference to any heritable security in terms of the said nineteenth section of the said Act upon the ground that such notarial instrument is not in the form of Schedule (L.) annexed to the said Act, or that the said form is not adapted to heritable securities.

54. No challenge of any deed, instrument, or writing recorded in any register of sasines shall receive effect on the ground that any part of the record of such deed, instrument, or writing is written on erasure, unless such erasure be proved to have been made for the purpose of fraud, or the record is not conformable to the deed, instrument, or writing as presented for registration.

55. Section one hundred and eighteen of "The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856," is hereby repealed; and it is provided that all heritable creditors who have been in possession under their securities, and whose right to the rents collected by them has not been challenged by action previous to the commencement of this Act, shall be entitled to retain and apply all rents collected by them in the same manner as they might have done if the provisions of the section hereby repealed had not been enacted.

56. Any deed executed after the commencement of this Act to which any company registered under "The Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867," is a party, shall be held to be validly executed in Scotland on behalf of such company if the same is either executed in terms of the provisions of these Acts or is sealed with the common seal of the company, and subscribed on behalf of the company by two of the ordinary directors and the secretary of the company, and such subscription on behalf of the company shall be equally binding and effectual, whether attested by witnesses or not.

57. The offices of presenter of signatures and of clerk to the presenter of signatures are hereby abolished, and it shall be competent for the present holders of these offices, and also for the deputy keeper of the Great Seal, to apply to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, who are hereby empowered to award to each of such officers such compensation as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may deem just and reasonable, having regard to the terms by winch such officers respectively hold their appointments, and to the net average amount of the emoluments received by them, and in the case of the deputy keeper of the Great Seal to the net average amount of emoluments received by him in respect of charters passing that seal, and now abolished under the provisions of this Act, and such compensation as may be awarded shall be subject to the provisions of the twentieth section of the Act of

Recorded deed or instrument unchallengeable on certain grounds.

Section 118 of the Bankruptcy Act of 1856 repealed.

Form of executing deeds by companies under the Acts of 1862 and 1867.

Certain offices abolished, and the duties of the sheriff of Chancery, &c. enlarged.

Provisions as to Chancery office.

Act shall apply to lands held of the Crown and Prince.

Title to private estates of Her Majesty' in Scotland.

Section 11 of Titles to Land Consolidation Act repealed.

Ch. 94. Conveyanting&Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

the fourth and fifth years of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, intituled An Act to " alter, amend, and consolidate the laws for regulating the " pensions, compensations, and allowances to be made to " persons in respect of their having held civil offices in His Majesty's serviceand from and after the commencement of this Act the duties of the office of presenter of signatures, so far as the same continue to be necessary, shall be discharged by the sheriff of Chancery, and the duties of the office of clerk to the presenter of signatures shall be performed by the sheriff clerk of Chancery; after the commencement of this Act it shall not be necessary either for the sheriff of Chancery or for the sheriff of any county to hold a court for the consideration or disposal of any unopposed petition for service.

58. The office, duties, and emoluments of the director of Chancery, and of the deputy directors and clerks of Chancery, or any of them, may be regulated at any time by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and it shall be the duty of the director of Chancery, in addition to the duties at present discharged by him, from and after the commencement of this Act to send to every sheriff clerk in Scotland a copy of the printed index or abridgment of the record of services provided to be kept by him by the thirty-eighth section of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," and it shall be the duty of every sheriff clerk to keep the same in his office open for the inspection of the public.

59. The provisions of this Act shall apply to lands held of the Crown and of the Prince, in the same way as to lands held of a subject superior, but shall not prejudice or affect the jus coronse as a title to lands or heritages.

60. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, private estates in land of Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, as defined in "The Crown Private Estates Act, 1862," and situate or arising in Scotland, which are or shall be held feudally directly under the Crown as superior, may lawfully be held by Her Majesty, or her heirs or successors, of and under herself or themselves as sovereign or sovereigns of this realm and feudal superiors, and the dominium utile thereof shall not be held to merge in the dominium directum or superiority, or to be consolidated therewith; and such private estates shall not thereby fall or revert to the Crown jure coronse, but shall remain beneficially separate private estates of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors.

61. Section eleven of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," is hereby repealed; and it is provided that in all cases where any lands have been particularly described in any conveyance, deed, or instrument of or relating

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

531

thereto, recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, it shall Description of not be necessary in any subsequent conveyance, deed, or instrument, conveying or referring to the whole or any part of deeds may be such lands, to repeat the particular description of the lands at inserted in sub-length; but it shall be sufficient to specify the name of the preference8 county, and where the lands were held by burgage or by any merely, similar tenure prior to the commencement of this Act, the name of the burgh and county in which the lands are situated, and to refer to the particular description of such lands as contained in such prior conveyance, deed, or instrument so recorded in or as nearly as may be in the form set forth in Schedule O. hereto annexed; and the specification and reference so made in any such subsequent conveyance, deed, or instrument, whether dated prior or subsequent to the commencement of this Act, shall be held to be equivalent to the full insertion of the particular description contained in such prior conveyance, deed, or instrument, and shall have the same effect as if the particular description had been inserted in such subsequent conveyance, deed, or instrument exactly as it is contained in such prior conveyance, deed, or instrument; and Reference al-it is further provided that it shall not be competent, notwith- ready made m

i ' L rrfOTflCn fiACn

standing the terms of the section hereby repealed, or the form not chaiienge-of the schedule therein referred to, to object to any specifiable if certain cation and reference to any particular description of lands l^icuiars^cor-contained in any conveyance, deed, or instrument recorded rec y given' prior to the commencement of this Act, provided such specification and reference states correctly the name of the county, and where the lands were held by burgage or by any similar tenure prior to the commencement of this Act, the name of the burgh and county in which the lands are situated, and refers correctly to the prior recorded conveyance, deed, or instrument containing the particular description of such lands; and where any conveyance, deed, or instrument recorded prior to the commencement of this Act contains a specification and reference stating these particulars correctly, the specification and reference so made shall be held to have been equivalent to the full insertion of the particular description contained in the prior conveyance, deed, or instrument referred to, as if the particular description had been inserted in such recorded conveyance, deed, or instrument exactly as it is contained in the prior conveyance, deed, or instrument referred to.

62. Section sixty-two of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," and section four of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1869," are hereby repealed, and in place thereof the following words shall be deemed and taken to be the sixty-second section of the said Act of 1868, and the said Act of 1868 shall be read and construed as if the sixty-second section thereof had been originally expressed in the following words, viz .:

Yy 2

Section 62 of the Titles to Land Consolidation Act, 1868, and section of the Titles to Land Consolidation Amendment Act, 1869, repealed.

OOJL

Ch. 94. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

Effect of a decree of adjudication or sale.

In all cases a decree of adjudication, whether for debt or in implement, or a decree of constitution and adjudication, whether for debt or in implement, if duly obtained in the form prescribed by this Act, or obtained, if prior to the commencement of this Act, in the form then in use, or a decree of declarator and adjudication, or a decree of sale, shall, except in the case where the subjects contained in the decree of adjudication, or of constitution and adjudication, or of declarator and adjudication, are heritable securities, be held equivalent to and shall have the legal operation and effect of a conveyance in ordinary form of the lands therein contained granted in favour of the adjudger or purchaser by the ancestor of such apparent heir, or by the owner or proprietor in trust or otherwise, and whether in life or deceased, of the lands adjudged, or by the seller of the lands sold, although in nonage or of insane mind, to be holden in the case of lands not held by burgage tenure in the manner and to the effect and subject to the provisions enacted and provided by the sixth section of this Act in the case of conveyances in which no manner of holding is expressed, and to be holden of Her Majesty in free burgage in the case of lands held by burgage tenure; and it shall be lawful and competent to such adjudger or purchaser to complete feudal titles to said lands, not only by infeftment on such decree as a conveyance or by using it, for the purpose of infeftment, as an assignation or as one of a series of assignations of an unrecorded conveyance, as the case may be, in the manner provided by this Act, but also when the lands are not held by burgage tenure, by obtaining from the superior charter of adjudication or of sale of said lands and expeding infeftment on such charter in common form, or where the ancestor of such apparent heir, or the owner or proprietor in trust or otherwise, or seller of the lands adjudged or sold, shall have been or shall be entered with his superior, or in a situation to charge such superior, under the powers in this Act contained, to grant entry by confirmation, by taking infeftment on such decree as a conveyance, in the manner provided by this Act, and thereafter obtaining from the superior of the lands a charter or writ of confirmation of such decree and infeftment proceeding on the same, which infeftment shall, with such decree, be an effectual feudal investiture in the said lands in terms of such decree, holding base of the owner or proprietor in trust or otherwise, or seller of the lands adjudged or sold, and his heirs, until confirmation thereof shall be granted by the superior of the lands, in the same manner and to the same effect as if such owner or proprietor or seller had granted a disposition of the lands to the adjudger or purchaser in the terms of the said decree, with an obligation to infeft a me vel de me to be completed by confirmation, and a precept of sasine, and the adjudger or purchaser had been infeft on such precept, and the effect of the charter or writ of confirmation of such decree or

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

533

of the infeffcment thus proceeding upon the same shall be to make the lands hold immediately of and under such superior; but the right of the superior to the composition payable by the adjudger or purchaser as due under the existing law is hereby reserved entire, and the adjudger or purchaser, by taking infeftment on any such decree in any of the modes above mentioned, shall become indebted in such composition to the superior, and shall be bound to pay the same on the superior tendering a charter or writ of confirmation, whether such charter or writ shall be accepted or not, and the superior shall be entitled to recover such composition as accords of law; and it is hereby provided that such infeftment on any such decree shall, without prejudice to any other diligence or procedure, be of itself sufficient to make the adjudication effectual in all questions of bankruptcy or diligence: Provided always, that where the investiture of any lands has imposed or shall impose a prohibition against subinfeudation or alternative holding, such adjudger or purchaser shall, in respect of such recorded decree or of any notarial instrument following on such decree, and notwithstanding any such prohibition, be deemed and taken to be duly infeft in the lands adjudged or sold as from the date of recording such decree or instrument, but without prejudice to the right of the superior to require such adjudger or purchaser to enter forthwith as accords of law, and to deal with such adjudger or purchaser, as with a vassal unentered.

63. Section one hundred and twenty-five of "The Titles to Section 125 of Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," is hereby repealed, TitJe» *° ^nd and in place thereof the following words shall be deemed and A^°8G8*°n be taken to be the one hundred and twenty-fifth section of repealed. ' the last-recited Act, and the last-recited Act shall be read and construed as if the one hundred and twenty-fifth section thereof had been originally expressed in the following words, viz .:

Upon the death of any creditor in right of an heritable Completion of security constituted by infeftment as aforesaid from which title of e*eca" executors shall not have been excluded, who shall die leaving OT^gp^ee^r a testamentary or mortis causa deed or writing naming exe- legatee of an cutors, or disponing or bequeathing his moveable estate or disponing or bequeathing the security, it shall be competent where execu- for the executors duly confirmed, or for the disponees, or for tors excluded, the legatees, as the case may be, to complete a title thereto by a writ of acknowledgment to be granted in their favour by the debtor in the said security infeft in the lands comprehended therein, in or as nearly as may be in the form set forth in Schedule (II.) hereto annexed; and when the executors or disponees (being more than one) shall be appointed under such deed or writing for holding the moveable estate of the deceased in trust for the purposes of the deed or writing,

534

Ch. 94. Conveyancing & Land Transfer' (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

Section 127 of last-recited Act repealed.

Executor nominate or dispo-nee mortis causa may complete title by notarial instrument.

and not wholly for their own beneficial interest, it shall be competent (when not expressly precluded by the terms of the deed or writing) to take the said writ in favour of the said executors or disponees, and the survivors or survivor of them; and where any creditor has died or shall die before the commencement of this Act in right of such an heritable security, or where any creditor shall die thereafter in right of such an heritable security, from which executors shall have been excluded, it shall be competent for the heir of such creditor to complete a title to the security by a writ of acknowledgment as aforesaid; and on such writ being recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, the executors, disponees, or legatees, or heirs, as the case may be, in whose favour such writ has been granted, shall be vested with the full right of the creditor in such security, and shall be held to be entered with the superior in like manner and to the same effect as the original creditor himself.

64. Section one hundred and twenty-seven of the last-recited Act is hereby repealed, and in place thereof the following words shall be deemed and be taken to be the one hundred and twenty-seventh section of the last-recited Act, and the last-recited Act shall be read and construed as if the one hundred and twenty-seventh section thereof had been originally expressed in the following words, viz .:

Upon the death of any creditor in right of an heritable security constituted by infeftment as aforesaid from which executors shall not have been excluded, and who shall die leaving a testamentary or mortis causa deed or writing naming executors, or disponing or bequeathing his moveable estate, or disponing or bequeathing the security, it shall be competent for the executors, duly confirmed, or for the disponees, or for the legatees, as the case may be, to complete a title thereto by expeding and recording in the appropriate register of sasines an instrument under the hand of a notary public in the form or as nearly as may be in the form of Schedule (KK.) hereto annexed; and when such executors or disponees, or legatees, being more than one, shall not be entitled to such security wholly for their own beneficial interest, it shall be competent to take such notarial instrument in favour of such executors or disponees or legatees, and the survivors and survivor of them, unless such a destination be expressly excluded by the terms of the deed or writing; and where any creditor has died or shall die before the commencement of this Act, in right of such an heritable security, and leaving a mortis causa conveyance thereof, or of his heritable estate generally, or where any creditor shall die thereafter in right of such an heritable security from which executors shall have been excluded and leaving such a mortis causa conveyance, or a testamentary deed or writing within the meaning

535

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

of the twentieth section of this Act, it shall be competent to the grantee or legatee under such mortis causa conveyance or testamentary deed or writing to complete a title to the security by notarial instrument as aforesaid; and on such instrument being so recorded the executors, disponees, legatees, or grantees, as the case may be, in whose favour such instrument has been expede, shall be vested with the full right of the creditor in such security, and shall be held to be entered with the superior in like manner and to the same effect as the original creditor himself.

65. Section one hundred and twenty-nine of the last- Section 129 of recited Act is hereby repealed, and in place thereof the fol- la8t"r^ited Act lowing words shall be deemed and be taken to be the one repea hundred and twenty-ninth section of the last-recited Act, and the last-recited Act shall be read and construed as if the one hundred and twenty-ninth section thereof had been originally expressed in the following words, viz .:

In all cases of adjudication, whether for debt or in imple- Adjudgers may ment, or of constitution and adjudication whether for debt or in implement, in which the adjudger has obtained a decree ing abbreviate" of adjudication or of constitution and adjudication in the or extract demanner and to the effect provided by this Act, or in cases of — declarator and adjudication, where the subjects contained in any such decree are heritable securities, it shall be competent for the adjudger to complete his title to such securities by recording either the abbreviate of adjudication or an extract of such decree in the appropriate register of sasines, in either of which cases he shall be in the same position as if an assignation of such heritable securities had been granted in his favour by the ancestor or person or creditor in trust or otherwise, and whether in life or deceased, whose estate is adjudged, and as if such assignation had been duly recorded in the appropriate register of sasines at the date of so recording such abbreviate or such extract decree.

66. The schedules annexed to this Act, and the directions Schedules to be therein contained, and notes thereto appended, shall have the Part of Act* same effect as if they were contained in the body of this Act.

67. All statutes, laws, and usages at variance with any of Repeal of

the provisions of this Act are hereby repealed. Acts>&c-

68. Nothing herein contained shall affect any action now Saving clause, in dependence, or that shall be instituted before the commencement of this Act.

536

Ch. 94. ConveyaTudng&Land Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE A.

Form of Notice to be given to a Superior of Change of Ownership.

(Place and date.)

Sir,

I hereby intimate to you that (*) has [or have] now right to (2) which lands [or subjects] formerly belonged to (3).

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient servant, (*).

0) Here state name, designation, and address of the new proprietor or proprietors of the feu.

(2) Here mention the names by which the lands or subjects are generally known, so as to distinguish them to the superior, but without giving any detailed description of the lands or subjects, and if in a town or village mention the number of the street or otherwise distinguish the feu, and if a reference to the feu right will more easily and clearly distinguish the lands or subjects a reference to the feu right can be given, but the superior shall not be entitled to object either that the name or designation or address of the new proprietor or proprietors of the feu is erroneous, or that the form in which the lands or subjects are referred to is insufficient or erroneous, unless it can be shown that the notice given as to these particulars or any of them was intended to mislead the superior as to the identity of the new proprietor or proprietors of the feu or as to the particular lands or subjects to which the notice should have referred.

(3) Insert the name of the last entered vassal, whether by actual entry previous to the commencement of this Act or by implied entry under it.

(4) To be signed (but not attested) by the seller of the feu, or by heir or the trustees or executors of a deceased proprietor, or by any one of the trustees or executors for himself and his co-trustees or co-executors, or by an agent of any of these parties.

To be addressed and posted or delivered to the superior or to his known agent, or to the person to whom the feu-duties of the feu have been paid, and in the event of the superior being unknown or doubtful, the notice to be addressed uto the " superior " of the lands mentioned in the notice without name (in the event of the proprietor being unable to ascertain name of the superior), and to be posted or sent to the keeper of the Office of Edieted Citations in Edinburgh, and published in the register of these citations, and also (where there is doubt as to the superior) to the person or to the agent of the person as to whom such doubt exists.

SCHEDULE B.

Form of Summons of Declarator and for Payment of a Casualty.

Victoria, &c. Whereas it is humbly meant and shown to ns by our lovite A. [design him], immediate lawful superior of the lands [or subjects] after described [or referred to], and duly infeft therein conform to [here mention title and date of receding same in the register of sasines]. Pursuer against B. [design him], Defender, in terms of the condescendence and note of pleas in law hereunto annexed: Therefore it ought and should be found and declared by decree of the lords of our council and session, that in consequence of the death of C. [or otherwise, as the case mag he], who was the vassal last vest and seised in all and whole the lands of X. [describe or

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

537

refer to the lands, and if the casualty due is a taxed composition, or an heir's relief duty, say] the casualty of £ [or, if a singular

successor's untaxed composition be due, say] a casualty, being one year's rent of the lands, became due to the said A. as superior of the said lands upon the day of, being the date of

the death of the said'C. [or] the date of the infefitment of the said B. in the said lands of X. [or otherwise, as the case may be], and that the said casualty is still unpaid, and that the full rents, maills, and duties of the said lands of X., after the date of citation herein, do belong to the pursuer the said A., as superior thereof, until the said casualty and the expenses after mentioned be otherwise paid to the said A .: And the said B. ought and should be decerned and ordained by decree foresaid forthwith to make payment to the pursuer the said A. of the said sum of £, being the casualty foresaid,

[or of the sum of £, or such other sum more or less as

shall be ascertained in the course of the process to follow hereon to be one year's rent of the said lands,] together with the sum of £, or such other sum more or less as our said lords shall

modify as the expenses of the process to follow hereon conform to the laws and daily practice of Scotland, used and observed in the like cases as is alleged. Our will is therefore. &c.

Note. — In the event of the summons being one at the instance of the Crown or Prince and Steward of Scotland, the necessary alteration will be made, and the summons will be at the instance of the Lord Advocate on behalf of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests.

SCHEDULE C.

Form of Minute for effecting Consolidation of Lands.

I, A.B., heritable proprietor both of the immediate superiority and of the property [or of the mid-superiority] of all and whole [describe or refer to the lands], hereby consolidate the property of the said lands [or the mid-superiority of the said lands] with the immediate superiority thereof. In witness whereof [testing clause].

SCHEDULE D.

Form of Memorandum of Allocation of Feu-duty.

The proportion of the original feu-duty of £ allocated

upon the lands within disponed [or as the case may be], is hereby fixed at £, [and if an augmentation has been stipulated

far, add] with £ of augmentation, making a total of

(Signed) A.B. (the superior of the lands

or his commissioner.)

538

Ch. 94. Conveyariciifig^LomdTmii8fer(S<x>tlcM^). 37 & 38 Vici.

SCHEDULE E.

Form of Petition for completing a Title to Lands where a Proprietor or Proprietors haying only a personal Right have intervened between the Proprietor LAST INFEFT AND THE PETITIONER.

Unto the Honourable the Sheriff of [specify the county, or say u of Chancery "],

The Petition of AE. of G.

Humbly sheweth,

That the late C.D. of G. died last vest and seised in all and whole [describe or refer to the lands as the same care described or referred to in the recorded deed or instrument in favour of the person who was last vest and seised in the lands, or refer to them as described in some other recorded deed or instrument] conform to instrument of sasine [or other recorded deed or instrument, as the case may be,] recorded in the [specify the register of satinet and date of recording, and where there are any real burdens, conditions, or qualifications, here specify or refer to them, or where the lands are held under entail, here specify the conditions of the entail, or refer to them as contained in the entail, as recorded in the register of tailzies, or if it is not so recorded, in the entail or other deed or instrument recorded in the register of sasines.]

Or, that M.N. of Y. was last vest and seised in all and whole [describe or refer and specify title and date of recording, , fyc. c. as above]. That the said M.N. by disposition dated [specify date] conveyed the said lands to C.D. of G. That the said C.D. died never having been infeft in the said lands.

That E.F., eldest son of the said C.D. [or otherwise, as the past may be,] is his heir in the said lands, but has only a personal right thereto.

That the said E.F., by disposition dated [specify date], conveyed the said lands to the petitioner.

Or, that upon the death of the said C.D. he was succeeded by E.F. his eldest son [or otherwise, as the case may be, "] as his heir in the said lands. That the said E.F. died unserved and nninfeft, [or that the said E.F. expede a special service as heir of the said CJ)^ conform to decree of the sheriff of Chancery [or, as the case mny be], in his favour as heir foresaid, dated [insert date], but died without being infeft thereon], or that the said E.F. expede a general service as heir of the said C.D., conform to decree [specify the decree], but made up no further title.

Or otherwise specify the nature of the right in the person of E.F.

That the said E.F. disponed the said lands or conveyed his whole estate, heritable and moveable, to G.H. conform to [describe title by name and date, and where there are any real burdens, conditions, or qualifications specify or refer to them].

That the said G.H. also died, having only a personal right to the said lands, and was succeeded by his eldest son K.L., his nearest and lawful heir in the said lands, [or otherwise, as the case may be].

That the said K.L. died unserved, and having only a personal right to the said lands, [if the petitioner is his heir, say] and was succeeded by the petitioner the said A.B. his eldest son [or otherwise, as the case may be], and nearest and lawful heir in the said lands

1874. Conveyancing & Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

[or when the petitioner is a disponee, or has otherwise acquired right from K.L., say], That the said K.L. disponed the said lands [or conveyed his whole estate, heritable and moveable, or otherwise, as the case may be, '] to the petitioner, the said A.B., conform to disposition or general disposition [or otherwise, as the case may be], dated [specify date] granted in his favour by the said K.L., who died unserved and having only a personal right to the said lands; [and if the deed be granted under any real burden, or condition, or qualification, add,] but always under the real burden, &c .; [and if the deed be granted in trust or for specific purposes, add], but always in trust or for the uses, ends, and purposes mentioned in the said general disposition [or otherwise, as the case may be].

May it therefore please your Lordship to find the facts above set forth proved, and that the petitioner is entitled to procure himself infeft in the foresaid lands, in terms of "The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874," and to decern.

According to justice, &c.

[Signed by the petitioner or his mandatory.]

Note. — If any of the transmissions have been judicial, as by adjudication, act and warrant of court, or otherwise, or if by any of the transmissions a part or parts only of the lands are transferred, the necessary alterations may be made on the form of the petition.

SCHEDULE F.

Form of Discharge of Casualties.

I A.B. [design him], proprietor of the estate of superiority in the lands of [describe or refer to a description of the lands discharged], whereof the estate of property belongs to C.D [design him], in consideration of [state cause of granting], hereby discharge in favour of the said C.D., and his heirs and successors, all casualties incident to my said estate of superiority exigible in respect of the said estate of property [if only some of the casualties are redeemed specify what they are], and I consent to the registration hereof for preservation. In witness whereof [testing clause].

SCHEDULE G.

Form of Memorandum constituting a Feu-Duty or ADDITIONAL FEU-DUTY.

It is agreed between A. [name and designation of superior] immediate lawful superior of the lands of [describe or refer to a description of the lands] on the one part, and B. [name and designation of proprietor of estate of property] the proprietor of the dominium utile of the said lands on the other part, that the dominium utile of the said lands shall, from and after the term of [state term], be liable in payment to the superior thereof of a feu-duty of £

[or if there be a feu-duty already payable, of an additional feu-duty of £ over and above the existing feu-duty of £ ];

540

Ch. 94. Conveyaificing^LaTid Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

and that yearly, at two terms in the year [stale the terms at which the feu-duty is to be paid, or and that at the term of (state term) yearly], beginning the first term's payment [state term, and whether with interest]; which feu-duty [or additional feu-duty] is constituted in respect of [state here whether the additional feu-duty is in respect of a commutation of casualties, or of carriages, fyc-, or as the case may be]. In witness whereof [testing clause].

Note. — If the memorandum be executed by the agents of either or both of the parties, it will be stated in the testing clause that the memorandum is signed by diem in that capacity for and on behalf of their constituent or respective constituents.

SCHEDULE H.

Form of Reference to a Deed, Instrument, or Writing for Reservations, Burdens, and Conditions affecting Lands.

The reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, limitations, obligations, and stipulations [or as the case may be] specified in [refer to the deed, instrument, or writing in such terms as shall be sufficient to identify it, and specify the register in which it is recorded, and the date of registration, or where the deed, instrument, or writing referred to is recorded on the same date as the deed, instrument, or writing containing the reference, here say, recorded of even date with the recording of these presents].

SCHEDULE I.

Form of Docquet where Grantee of Deed cannot

write.

By authority of the above-named and designed A.B., who declares that he cannot write, on account of sickness and bodily weakness [or never having been taught, or otherwise, as the case may be], I C.D. [design him]. Notary Public, [or Justice of Peace for the county of [name it], or as regards wills or other testamentary writings executed by a parish minister as Notary Public in his own parish, minister of the parish of (name it)], subscribe these presents for him, he having authorised me for that purpose, and the same having been previously read over to him, all in presence of the witnesses before named and designed, who subscribe this docquet in testimony of their having heard [or seen] authority given to me as aforesaid, and heard these presents read over to the said A.B.

E.F., witness,

G.H., witness.

(Signed) A.B., Notary Public [or Justice of the Peace or Parish Minister].

541

1874. Conveyancing dk Land Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

SCHEDULE J.

Form of Memorandum recording an Inhibition of New.

Renew inhibition at the instance of A. [here insert designation of the person in right of the inhibition] against B. [here insert designation of party inhibited], recorded in this register [or as the case may be], on the day of on behalf of

the said A. [or if the party in right of the inhibition be an heir, assignee, , fyc. c., say] on behalf of C. [insert designation, and state shortly the title by which he has right to the inhibition].

G.M., W.S., Edinburgh [or as the case may be].

Agent.

SCHEDULE K.

Form of Minute to be presented in Bill Chamber of Court of Session, or in Sheriff Court, for Warrant

TO CHARGE AN HEIR OR DlSPONEE UNDER A PERSONAL

Obligation by his Ancestor or Author.

Warrant is craved, in virtue of "The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874," at the instance of A.B. [name and design applicant], the creditor [if he is not the original creditor, or only a partial creditor, add, in virtue of (or to the extent and in virtue of) the assignation (or general disposition and notarial instrument or other writ or writs forming the title in the creditor's person) in his favour after mentioned] under a bond and disposition in security over the lands of [specify shortly the lands], for the principal sum of £

with corresponding interest and penalties, granted by C.D. [design Atm], then proprietor of the said lands, in favour of the said A.B. [or of G.H. (design him), as the case may be], and dated [state date] [and if recorded say, and recorded in the register of sasines [state register and date of recording], or and instrument of sasine thereon recorded, &c., as the case may be]: To charge E.F. [design him], the present proprietor of the said lands, and as such the present debtor in the said bond and disposition in security, to make payment to the said A.B. of the said principal sum of £ contained in and due by the said bond and disposition in security [if A.B. is only a partial creditor, say, of the principal sum of £

being the extent to which the said A.B. is in right of the said bond and disposition in secuvity]: And also of the further sum of £ being the amount of the interest now due thereon.

Produced herewith the said bond and disposition in security [or an extract thereof from the books of council and session or from the register of sasines; if the applicant is not the original creditor, the title in his own person to the security will also be stated and produced]. Dated the day of

(Signed) A.B., W.S., Edinburgh,

[or as the case may be]. The Clerk of the Bills, or Sheriff Clerk, as the case may be, will subjoin

Fiat ut petitur.

[To be dated and signed by the Clerk.]

542

Ch. 94. ConveyanciTig & Land Transfer (Scotland). 87 & 38 Vict.

SCHEDULE L.

No. 1.

Form of Certificate where Lands are sold under Heritable Security and no Surplus emerges.

I A.B. [insert designation], Notary Public, with reference to the sale of all and whole the lands of [describe or refer to the lands], which sale took place at upon the day

of at the instance of C.D. [design kirn], in virtue of

the power of sale contained in a bond and disposition in security for the sum of £, with interest and penalties corresponding thereto, dated and recorded in the register of

sasines for the day of granted by

G.H. [design him] in favour of the said CJ). [or in favour of EJF. [design him], but to Which the said C.D. has acquired right by progress {or otherwise, as the case may he)], do hereby certify that there has been submitted to me a statement of the intromissions of the said C.D. with the price of the said lands subscribed, as authentic, by the said C.D. [or by M.N., agent of the said C.D., on his behalf], from which it appears that no surplus remains for consignation in bank, in terms of the 122nd and 123rd sections of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," and I make this certificate in terms of "The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874." In witness whereof [testing clause].

No. 2.

Form of Certificate where Lands have been redeemed of Heritable Security, but Discharge cannot re

OBTAINED.

I A.B. [design him], Notary Public, do hereby certify that C.D. [design him], proprietor of the lands of X. [name the lands as shortly as possible] and others in the county of Y., being the lands contained in the bond and disposition in security [or other deed of security] for £ after mentioned, has appeared before me and

represented that he did on the day of

consign in the bank at the sum

of £ with £ being the whole interest due

under the said bond and disposition in security [or other deed of security] in name of E.F. [design him] the creditor in the said bond and disposition in security [or other deed of security; if only a partial creditor say to the extent of £ J; which

consignation was made in virtue of the power of redemption reserved in the said bond and disposition in security [or other deed of security'] which was granted by the said C.D. [or by J.K. {design him), then proprietor of the said lands] in favour of the said E.F. [or L.M. {design him) the original creditor in the said security], and is dated [insert date] and recorded in the register of sasines for the day of [if sasine was expede on the bond

and disposition in security or other deed of security, instead of and recorded, &c., say, on which bond and disposition in security {or other deed of security) the said E.F. {or L.M. as the case may be)

543

1874 Ctmveyamxsing & Lcmd Transfer (Scotland). Ch. 94.

wa»infeft confiorm to instrument of sasine in his favour recorded in the register of sasines for the day of ];

and the said consignation was rendered necessary by the refusal of the said E.F. to receive the said sum of £ and interest

thereon [or by the absence of the said E.F., or otherwise, as the case matt be, stating the reason why discharge could not , be obtained], notwithstanding that the requisite notice of redemption was given to him; and make this certificate in terms of "The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874." In witness whereof [testing clause].

SCHEDULE M.

Fobm of Assignation of Right of Relief, &c.

I [here insert the name and designation of the granter, and the cause of granting, unless the assignation forms part of another deed] hereby assign to C.D. [here insert the designation of the grantee, unless already given], and his heirs and assignees [or and his fore-saids], a disposition [or other deed, as the case may be] granted by [here insert the names and designations of the persons by and in whose favour the deed to be assigned was granted, with its date, and also the date of registration, and the register in which it is recorded, if it has been recorded], whereby the said [name of the original granter of the disposition or obligation] bound and obliged himself, his heirs and successors [here insert the terms of the obligation in the terms so far as possible of the disposition or other deed, e.g.], "to warrant the parsonage teinds of the lands of" [here specify by description or reference, if not already done, the lands to which the obligation or right refers] "from all future augmentations of u ministers stipend or other burden imposed or to be imposed upon " the said parsonage teinds except the stipend presently payable to " the minister of [or as the case may be. If the

right to be assigned was originally granted in favour of some other person than the granter of the assignation, here specify the series of writs by which he acquired right, and add testing clause.]

SCHEDULE N.

Form of Instrument in favour of a General Disponee or his Assignee in right of an Heritable Security.

At there was by [or on behalf of] A.B.

of Zpresented to me, Notary Public subscribing, a bond and disposition in security [or other security or extract, as the case may be-\ dqted [insert date, and where recorded in the register of sasines insert date of recording and specify register of sasines,] granted by C.D. [insert designation] in favour of E.F. [insert designation] [if sasine has been expede thereon add, and instrument of sasine thereon in favour of the said E.F, recorded in the [specify register of sasines and date of registration] by which bond and disposition in security

Eor as the case may beJ the said C.D. bound and obliged himself insert the personal obligation so far as necessary, and disposition of the lands in security, with the description of them, and also all real burdens, , fyc. c., if any, all as set forth at full length or by rtference in the bond and disposition in security or other security]:

z z 2 C I

1C

544 *

Ch. 94. Conveyancing <&Iarid Transfer (Scotland). 37 & 38 Vict.

As also, there was presented to me a general disposition [or other deed or writing containing a general conveyance, or an extract of such deed or writing, or otherwise, as the case may he,] granted by the said E.F., and dated [insert date], by which general disposition [or otherwise, as the case may be, '] the said E.F. assigned and disponed [or otherwise, as the case may be,] to the said A.B. and his executors and assignees [or otherwise, as the case may be,] heritably and irredeemably [or, in liferent, or otherwise, as the case may be], all and sundry his whole heritable and moveable estate [or otherwise, as the case may be, and if the deed be granted in trust or for specific purposes add, but in trust always, or, for the uses and purposes specified in the said general disposition (or otherwise, as the case may be)], in which general conveyance was included the said bond and disposition in security [or other security] [and infeftment following thereon if infeftment was expede], the said E.F. being then vest therein as aforesaid. [If the granter of the general disposition or other deed or writing was not the original creditor, but one who had acquired right to the security, instead of as aforesaid here say in virtue of the following writs, viz. [specify shortly the title or titles by which he acquired right to the security. If the person expeding the instrument be other than the original grantee under the general disposition or other deed or writing, add, As also there were presented to me the following writs whereby the said A.B. acquired the said general disponee's right to the said bond and disposition in security [and infeftment following thereon], [or otherwise, as the case nay be], viz. [specify the title or series of titles by which such person acquired right, and the nature of his right]. Whereupon this instrument is taken in the hands of L.M. [insert name and designation], Notary Public, in terms of "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868," and "The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874." In witness whereof [testing clause].

SCHEDULE 0.

Clause of Reference to particular Description of Lands contained in a prior Conveyance, Deed, ob Instrument.

The lands [or subjects] and others [or the lands delineated and coloured on a copy of the ordnance survey map hereto

annexed, and signed as relative hereto], [or the lands of A. and others], [or the house No. 10 Street and others], [or

other like short description] in the county of [or

in the burgh of and county of as the

case may be], being the lands [or subjects] particularly described in the disposition [or other conveyance, deed, or instrument, as the case may be] granted by C.D., and dated [insert date] and recorded in the [specify register of sasines] on the day of

[or as particularly described in the instrument of 6&sine or notarial instrument recorded, , fyc. c. or as the case may be. If part only of lands is conveyed, describe such part as above, and add, being part of the lands particularly described, , fyc. c., or thus, being the lands [or subjects] as particularly described fyc., with the exception o(, and [describe the part excepted].

1874.

Ch. 95.

545

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

CHAPTER 95.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited times some of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others, and to make further provisions concerning turnpike roads:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Acts specified in the first schedule annexed hereto Schedule l. shall be repealed on and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

2. The Acts specified in the second schedule annexed hereto Schedule 2. shall be repealed on and after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

3. The Acts specified in the third schedule annexed hereto Schedule 3. shall expire at the times in that behalf mentioned in "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873."

4. The Acts specified in the fourth schedule annexed hereto Schedule 4. shall continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

5. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Schedule 5. fifth schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, as from the dates specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall, to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force until the dates specified in the sixth column thereof, and no longer.

Where specified in the seventh column thereof the arrears of interest due on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and remaining unpaid at the time of the passing of this Act, in respect of the roads subject to the trusts comprised in so much of the Acts as is specified in the third column thereof, are hereby extinguished.

6. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of Schedule 6. the sixth schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, as from the dates specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall, to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force until the dates specified in the sixth column thereof, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

546

Ch. 95.

Turnpike Acts Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

Schedule 7. 7. The Acts specified in the seventh schedule annexed hereto

shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

Schedule 8. 8. The Acts relating to turnpike trusts in Scotland, specified

in the eighth schedule annexed hereto, shall, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

Continuance of 0. Such provisions, if any, of the said Acts mentioned in a}JrotJer Turn- the said schedules as are not affected by the preceding sections, p e ct8' and all other Acts now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any turnpike road in Great Britain which will expire at or before the end of the next session of Parliament, shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer.

Repair of 10. Where by any Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act

wa Authorities or provided that no money shall be expended in

in certain cases, the repair of any turnpike road, such turnpike road shall be deemed to be a highway, and shall be repairable as such; provided that where such highway, or any portion thereof, shall pass through any highway district constituted under the Highway Acts, 1862 and 1864, the cost of maintaining such highway, or any such portion thereof, shall be deemed to be expenses incurred for the common use or benefit of the several parishes within such district, and shall be charged accordingly on the district fund.

Apportionment 11. Where the Local Government Board in exercise of the of bonded debt discretionary power conferred upon them by section fifteen of Vict^90^8^5. "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873," make

..... an order determining the value of the existing debt and

liabilities of a turnpike trust, the Board may by the same order declare to whom and in respect of what claim or claims the whole or any part of the value of such debt and liabilities is to be paid.

The term "existing debt and other liabilities " used in the said fifteenth section of "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873," means the bonded or mortgage debt of a turnpike trust, and any unpaid interest due thereon.

[Short title.]

12. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1874."

u. o

(Vet.

76

49

25

14

35

72

35

47

78

20

27

67

3

80

63

61

83

37

81

71

12

54

88

11

28

21

42

82

70

68

48

7

15

56

58

67

39

30

19

92

I, 8!

46

91

24

40

18

38

17

16

4

55

77

35

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULES 1 to 6.

Name of Trust

No. of Schedule.

Bedford and Kimbolton Fyfield -

Sbillingford, Wallingford, and Reading Bromham and t)lney Cambridge and Ely, the South District Chatteris, Wisbeach, T\rd Gote, and Downham Littleport to Welney, the North-west District St. Neots and Cambridge Macclesfield and Buxton Nantwich and Wheelock, and Branch Stockport and Marple Tarporley and Whitchurch - Bodmin -

Liskeard ...

Brougham Bridge Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall Owler Bar -Countess Wear Bridge Exeter -Plymouth and Exeter Plymouth and Tavistock Ceme Abbas

Evesham and Cheltenham -Maisemore and Over, United Newent -Stroud and Bisley -London and Southampton -Romsey, Stockbridge, and Wallop Southampton, South District Bromyard -Kington -Bury and Stratton -Godmanchester and Hartford Benenden ...

Kipping's Cross and Flimwell Tenterden -

Bolton and Westhoughton -Burnley and Edenfield Chapel Bury and Bolton Finnington and Chorley Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne, New Road Manchester and Salter's Brook Preston and Garstang Rochdale and Manchester Sharpies and Hoghton Ulverston, Milithorp, and Lancaster Ashby-de-la-Zouch -Desford ...

Hinckley and Narborough -Hinckley and Narborough through Sapcote Donington ...

Swineshead and Fosdyke Bigswear ...

Ely to Downham, the North District Ponteland ...

Shields and Morpeth

5

5

3

3

3

5

3

5

5

3

3

5

1

5

5

5

6 3

5

3

5

6 3 3

3

4 6

5 5 5 3

3 5 5

5

4 3

3

6 6

4 6

3

4 3 3 3 3 2

5 5 3

VIC

>. of

iCt

1

75

36

8

2

64,

53

45

34

45

79

52

59

86

87

31

26

74

51

23

29

9,

90

33

5

13

41

44

73

69

32

85

22

62

65

Name of Trust.

Nottingham and Ilkeston -

Retford and Littleborough -

Asthall and Buckland -

Galley Hill and Clanfield Cross -St. Clement's -

Shrewsbury, (Nine Districts) -

Whitchurch and Madeley -

Ilchester -

Wedmore -

Yeovil -

Leek, Buxton, and Monyash -

Newcastle-under-Lyme and Eccleshall Newcastle-under-Lyme and Nantwich Streetway and Wordsley Green, and Wolverhampton, and Cannock -

Tamworth -

Bramley and Ridgewick, First District Bramley and Ridgewick, Second District Beach Down to. Heathfield, Robertsbridge, &c.

Bury -

Worthing and Branch -

Southam and Kineton -

Kirkby Stephen and Hawes -

Swindon, Hungerford, and Marlborough, United

Stourbridge, First and Second Districts United

Greenhela and Shepley Lane Head -

Hedon and Patrington -

Hull and Kirk Ella -

Lockwood and Meltham -

Rotherham and Pleaeley -

a ton and Craco -

aster and Otley -Wakefield and Denby Dale -

Beaumaris and Menai Bridge Porthdinllaen and Nanthwynant Mold and Denbigh -Montgomeryshire, First District: Abermule by Glanmule Abermule to Llandyssil and Goitre Berriew to the Addfa

Efelfach to Tregynon -Llangerrig to Tynycoed Llanidloes to Steddfagerrig and Tylwch -Llanidloes to Caersws and Rhydyporthnan Montgomery to Garth Mill Newtown and Caersws to Pontdolgoch Newtown to Camnant Bridge Newtown and Kerry to the Blue Bell Newtown to Llanidloes ... Newtown to New Mills Bridge Newtown to Talurddig -Rhiew Bridge to Newtown Montgomeryshire, Second District -Montgomeryshire, Third District

Ditto Blackwaters and Red nail Branch

Montgomeryshire, Fourth District -

Geeg

TV

1874.

Turnpike Acta CorUmucvnce.

Ch. 95.

549

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the 1st of November 1874.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

6 G. 4. c. xv. -Limited to expire at end of session after 1 November 1874. 5 & 6 W. 4. c. lxix. -Limited to expire at end of session after 1 November 1874. 1. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Bramcote Odd House in the county of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common in the county of Derby, and from Ilkeston to Heanor, in the said county of Derby, and from Trowell in the said county of Nottingham to the town of Nottingham. 2. An Act for continuing the term and amending and enlarging the powers of three Acts of His Majesty King George the Third, for amending certain mileways leading to Oxford, and making improvements in the university and city of Oxford, the suburbs thereof, and adjoining parish of Saint Clement, and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned; so far as the same relates to the tolls thereby granted. and to the mileways, bridge, and avenues thereto.

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxl. -Limited to expire on 1 November 1881. 3. An Act to grant a further term in certain roads leading to and from Bodmin, and other roads in the neighbourhood thereof, all in the county of Cornwall, to alter and improve one of those roads, and grant further powers for the management of the trust; to alter the rights of creditors; to repeal the existing Act; and for other purposes.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the 31st of December 1874.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

19 & 20 Vict. c. lxxiii. Limited to expire at end of session after 7 July 1877. 4. An Act to renew the term, and continue, amend, and enlarge the powers of an Act passed in the third year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing and amending the roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth milestone in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the county of Lincoln.

27 & 28 Vict. c. lii. -Limited to expire at end of session after 20 July 1885. 5. An Act to continue the Hedon and Patrington Turnpike Trust, in the east riding of the county of York; and for other purposes.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (1st November 1874) mentioned in

36 & 37 Vict. c. 90.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

54 G. 3. c. 1. - 6. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Swindon to or near Knighton Farm in the parish of Ramsbury, and from Liddington to the road leading from Swindon to Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

55 G. 3. c. xxxv. 7. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Royston in the county of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge, and from the town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the county of Huntingdon; so far as respects the middle division and separate district of the said roads.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

55 G. 3. c. xxxviii.

59 G. 3. c. lxxxhi.

1 G. 4. c. lxxii.

5 G. 4. c. xL -

5 G. 4. c. xxx.

10 G. 4. c. xoii.

2 W. 4. c. xviii.

3 W. 4. c. xxviii.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. lxxxix.

5 Vict. c. lxx.

5 Vict. c. lxxiv.

5 & 6 Vict. c. c.

11 & 12 Vict. c. xlix.-

15 Vict. c. xxxviii.

15 Vict. c. lii.

15 Vict. c. lv.

15 Vict. c. lxxiv.

8. An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the road from the bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clanfidd in the county of Oxford.

9. An Act for making and maintaining a road from Marlborough to the present turnpike road at or near Coate in the parish of Liddington in the county of Wilts.

10. An Act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a road from Swindon to Knighton, and from Liddington to Burderop, in the county of Wilts.

11. An Act for amending and maintaining the roads leading from the town of Newent in the county of Gloucester, and other roads in the counties of Gloucester and Hereford.

12. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintainingseveral roads leading to and from Cerae Abbas in the county of Dorset.

13. An Act for improving and maintaining the road from the town d Kingston-upon-Hull to Kirk Ella, in the county of the said town.

14. An Act for repairing the road leading out of the Bedford and Newport Pagnell Turnpike Road near Bromham Grange in the county of Bedford to Olney and other places in the county of Buckingham.

15. An Act for repairing and maintaining the roads from the turnpike road at Golford Green in the parish of Cranbrooke to the turnpike road in the parish of Sandhurst, and from the village of Benenden to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the county of Kent.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road in the parish of Burbage in the county of Leicester to the Leicester Turnpike Road in or near to the village of Narborough in the said county.

17. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from foe borough of Leicester to Narborough, and from the said borough of Leicester to Earl Shilton, and from Earl Shilton to Hinckley, all in the county of Leicester.

18. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the borough of Leicester in the county of Leicester to the town of Ashby-ae-la-Zouch in the said county.

19. An Act for making and maintaining as turnpike the road leading from the Preston and Blackburn Turnpike Road at Finnington to the township of Chorley in the county of Lancaster.

20. An Act for repairing the road from Nantwich to Wheelock Wharf in the county palatine of Chester, and to repeal an Act j passed in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, and to continue and extend the trust.

21. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Act relating to "the London and Southampton Turnpike Road through " Bishops Waltham," and to create a further term therein; and for other purposes.

22. An Act for repairing and managing the roads leading from Porthdinllaen, by way of Tan-y-Graig, Pwllheli, Llanystymdwy, and Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near Capel Cerrig, and from Pwllheli aforesaid, by way of Crugan, to the village of I Jan* bedrog, all in the county of Caernarvon.

23. An Act for the establishment of a turnpike road from Southam to Kineton, both in the county of Warwick.

24. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Sharpies to Hoghton in the county of Lancaster.

551

Date of Act. Title of Act.

15 Vict. c. lxxix. 25. An Act to renew' the term and continue and enlarge the powers of an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Shillingford in the county [of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the county of Berks, and for repairing and maintaining a bridge over the river Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry.

15 Vict. c. lxxxi. 26. An Act for maintaining the road from Beach Down, near Battle, to Heath field, and from the railway station near the town of Robertsbridge to Hood's Comer, all in the county of Sussex.

15 Vict. c. lxxxv. 27. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Stockport in the county palatine of Chester to Marple Bridge in the said county, and a branch from the said road to or near Thomset Gate in the county of Derby.

15 Vict. c. lxxxvii. - 28. An Act to repeal the Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Stroud to Bisley, and to make other provisions in relation thereto.

15 Vict. c. lxxxix. 29. An Act for maintaining the turnpike road leading from Kirkby Stephen in the county of Westmoreland into the Sedbergh and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same turnpike road to Hawes in the north riding of the county of York, and a branch from Hawes aforesaid to the village of Gayle in the township of Hawes.

15 Vict. c. xci. 30. An Act for maintaining in repair the road from Bury to Bolton in the county palatine of Lancaster.

15 Vict c. xcii. 31. An Act to repeal an Act for maintaining and repairing the turnpike road from Bramley in the county of Surrey to Ridgewick in the county of Sussex, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

15 Vict. c. xciii. 32. An Act to repeal the Act for repairing and maintaining the Wakefield and Deuby Dale Turnpike Road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

15 Vict. c. ci. 33. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Holehouse or Riding, near Greenfield in Saddleworth, to join the Stayley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the west riding of the counly of York, and to continue the term thereby granted.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxxi. 34. An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Wedmore Turnpike Road in the county of Somerset, to create a further term therein, and for other purposes.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxxiv. 35. An Act for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the road from Cambridge to Ely, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxxix. 36. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Asthall and Buckland Turnpike Road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

15 & 16 Vict c. cliv. 37. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Exeter and the Countess Wear Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof; and to authorise the construction of certain new roads, and for other purposes; so far as the same relates to the Countess Wear district.

26 Vict c. xxxix. 38. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Desford Turnpike Roaa, being the road branching out of the Leicester and Welford Road at Foston Lane to the road leading from Hinckley to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, at Osbaston Toll Grate, in the county of Leicester.

552

Ch. 95.

Turnpike Acts Continuance. 37 & 38 Vici.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

54 G. 3. c. lx. 39. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the road from the town of Burnley in the county palatine of Lancaster to the turnpike road leading from Bury to Haslingden at or near Edenfield Chapel in the township of Tottington Higher End in the same county; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of May 1875, and no longer.

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxv. - 40. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from the turnpike road leading from Ulverstone to Kendal into the turnpike road leading from Millthorp to Kendal, and a continuation of the said road from the last-mentioned turnpike road to join the turnpike road leading from Lancaster to Kendal, and to continue the term thereby granted; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1877, wid no longer.

15 Vict. c. xvii. 41. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining the road from Lockwood to Meltham, and the branch of road to Meltham Mills, all in the parish of Almondbury in the west riding of the county of York, and for widening and better maintaining and repairing the said road; and for other purposes j which shall continue in force until tie 31s/ of December 1874, and no longer.

15 Vict. c. liv. 42. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads leading from Romsey to Stockbridge and Wallop, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Southampton; which shall continue in force until the I5/ of November 1876, and no lonuer.

15 Vict. c. lxxv. 43. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from North Shields to Morpeth Castle, and several branches of road communicating therewith, all in the county of Northumberland: which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1880, and no longer.

15 Vict. c. xciv. 44. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Rotherham and Pleasley Turnpike Road; which shall continue in force until the 31s/ of December 1874, and no longer.

15 Vict. c. cxiii. 45. An Act to enable the trustees of the Yeovil Turnpike Trust and the Ilchester Turnpike Trust to make certain new roads, to repeal existing Acts, and create further terms in the said reads, and for other purposes; which shall continue in force until the 315/ of December 1§74, and no longer.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxx. - 46. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Preston to Garstang in the county of Lancaster, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of February 1875, and no longer.

O

o

(S

FT

to

a.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer,

subject to modifications.

09

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

54 G. 3. c. iv. 47. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the road from the west end of Saint Ives Lane in the town of St. Neots in the county of Huntingdon, to the pavement at the end of Bell Lane in the town of Cambridge. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 25/. per annum. No interest payable. 81sf of December 1876, am/ no longer.

59 G. 3. c. xxv. 48. An Act for repairing the road from Shelton's Lane in Bury in the county of Huntingdon, to a house formerly called die Spread Eagle in the hamlet of Stratton, in the parish of Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and law charges limited to 25/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer.

3G. 4. c.xxxvi. - 49. An Act for repairing and maintaining the roads leading from the end of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the end of Boar Street in the town of Abingdon, to the west end of the town of Fyfield in the same county. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10l. per annum. No interest payable. 318t of December 1875, and no longer.

1874. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Ch. 95. 553

1. 2. 3.

Extent to which

Dato of Act. Title of Act. Act is modified and continued.

3 G. 4. c. xlii. - 5<>. An Act for more effec- The entire Act

tually repairing several roads leading from the town of Shrewsbury, and from Shelton in the county of Salop, to Minsterley, Westbury, and Baschurch, in the said county of Salop, and to or near to Buttington Hall in the county of Montgomery; and for repealing three Acts severally passed in the 31st year of King George the Second and the twelfth and forty-first years of His late Majesty relative thereto.

O

o

n

4 G. 4. c. xxvii.

51. An Act for amending the road from Offington Corner in the parishes of Broadwater and West Tarring, or one of them, in the county of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle to the Steyning Turnpike Road at West Grinsted Park in the said county% and for making a new branch of road to communicate therewith.

The entire Act

i

4. 5. 6. 7.

Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1874 - No interest payable. Is* of November 1877, and no longer.

1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads, including incidentals, limited to 200l. per annum. Salaries limited to 40l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1878, and no longer. —

554 Ch. 95. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

D

eg

a

o

1. 2. 8. 4. 6. G. 7.

Date of Act. Title of Act Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

4 G. 4. c. xlvii. - 52. An Act for repairing and improving divers roads in the counties of Stafford and Salop, comprised in three districts, called the Eccles-hall, Newport, and Watling Street District, the Newcastle and Booled*]] District, and the Hilton and Honnington District. So far as the same relates to the Newcastle and Eccles-hall District. 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 100/. and limited to 200l. per annum. Salaries limited to 35/. per annum. 1st of November 1878, and no longer.

5 G. 4. c. xxxii. - 53. An Act for more effectually amending the roads from Whitchurch in the county of Salop, to that part of the road leading from Nantwich in the county of Chester to Newcastle-under-Lyne in the county of Stafford, which passes through the township of Madeley in the said county of Stafford, and also from Hinstock in the said county of Salop to Nantwich aforesaid. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10/. No interest payable. 1st of July 1875, and no longer.

5 G. 4. c. cxl. 54. An Act for maintaining and improving the road leading from the London Turnpike Hoad near the The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 230/. and limited to 270/. per an- 1st of May 1877, and no longer. '

borough of Evesham in the county of Worcester to the village of Bishop's Clecvc near Cheltenham in the county of Gloucester. num. Salaries and incidentals limited to 40l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 1/. per cent, per annum. The Bishop's Cleeve toll gate to be removed to some point north of Bishop's Cleeve.

oc

§ *

Q

P

Crc

Or

CA

o

o

(g

rT

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are, to commence. I 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

7 G. 4. c. lxxxiii. 55. An Act for making into a turnpike road a road leading from Cross Gate in the pariah of 8n ineshead, to the southern extremity of the parish of Fnxlykc in the county of Lincoln, and repairing and maintaining the same. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. No interest payable. lsf of November 1877, and no longer.

10 G. 4. c. xxvi. 56. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Kipping's Cross in the county of Kent to Flimwell Vent in the county of Sussex, and certain other roads therein described. The entire Act I November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and expenses of management limited to 15/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of May 1876, and no longer.

10 G. 4. c. lxxvii. 57. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road between the town of Tarporley in the county palatine of Chester, and the town of Whitchurch in the county of Salop. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10l. per annum. No interest payable. 1 st of November 1876, and no longer.

10 G. 4. c. lxxxviii. 58. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from the White Post on Haselden's Wood in the parish of Cranbrooke to Appledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street in the same parish to Castle-den's Oak in the parish of Biddenden, and from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenterden, through Rol-yenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, all in the county of Kent. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads, including incidentals, to be not less than 300/. and limited to 350l. per annum. Salaries limited to 65/. per annum. Bate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1 st of November 1878, and no longer.

o«

Cl

o

R

CD

Dx

CO

CO

00

3

D

eg

o

o

eg

ro

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 0. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

10 G.4. C.CXV. - 59. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the bottom of Church Lane, in the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the county of Stafford, to the road leading from Woore to Chester, near Nantwich, in the county palatine of Chester, and other roads therein mentioned. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 500/. and limited to 600l. per annum. Salaries limited to 60l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer.

llG. 4. c.xxi. 60. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the road from the West Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth turnpike road in the county of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other roads communicating therewith. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 500/., and limited to 600l. per annum. Salaries and law charges limited to 70l. per annum. No interest payable. 1 st of November 1881, and no longer.

11 G. 4. c. xcv. - 61. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads between the towns of Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall in the counties of Derby and Nottingham. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 25/. No interest payable. Is* of November 1875, and no longer. -

00

-I

I

Q

P

50

Ox

Ox

Ox

1. 2. 3. 4. 6. 6. 7.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

3 W. 4. c. xxvii. - 62. An Act for repairing and maintaining the roads from Denbigh to the Northop and Holywell Hoad, and from Afon Wen to Mold, and also a branch of road leading from Northop to Mold, near a place called Black Brook, and extending over Rhydgo-leA Bridge, by Rh&al, to a certain bridge called Pont-newydd, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint. The entire Act. 1 November 1874 -I No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10/. No interest payable. l*f of July 1875, and no longer.

8 W. 4. c. lxxx. - 63. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the east end of a close called Lord's Close, in the parish of Brougham in the county of Westmoreland, by way of Brougham Bridge, into the town of Penrith in the'county of Cumberland. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 30/. and limited to 35/. per annum. Salaries limited to 16/. per annum. No interest payable. 1*Z of November 1877, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

8 W. 4. c. xeix. 1 64. An Act for improving the Shrewsbury District and the Wellington District of the Watling Street Road in the county of Salop. So far a* the tame relate* to the Shrew#-bury Diatrict. 1 November 1874 - No interest payable 1 *t of November 1877, and no longer. —

558 Ch. 95. Turnpike Acta Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

1. 2. 3. 4. 0. 0. 7.

Date of Act. Title of Act Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

4 W. 4. c. xxxi. - 65. An Act for improving and maintaining certain roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, Salop, and Denbigh. So far as the same relates to the first district of roads. 1 July 1874 Section 32 to be repealed. An annual sum of not less than 850/. and limited to 900/. to be contributed from the tolls of the respective roads, in proportion to the amount of their toll receipts, to a common fund for the repair of the roads. Salaries and expenses of management, including law charges and incidentals, limited to 150l. per annum. Rate of interest on the debts of the Llanidloes to Steddfagerrig Road, the Newtown to Llanidloes Road, and the Rhiew Bridge to Newtown Road, not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. No interest payable on the debts of the other roads. The surplus income of each road to be applied in discharging the capital of its debt. When any road is free from debt its surplus 1st of May 1885, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

1874. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Ch. 95. 559

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. S. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 6. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

income to go in aid of the surplus income funds of the other roads, in proportion to their respective toll income.

i So far as the same relates to the second district of the roads. 1 July 1874 Section 32 to be repealed. Amount expended in repair of roads, exclusive of the Llanfyllin Road, to be not less than 620/. and limited to 720l. per annum. Salaries limited to 142/. per annum. The rates of interest to be as follows: — on the guaranteed debt of 5, 500/. not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum; on the ordinary debt of 11, 295/. 13s. not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum; and on the Llanfyllin Road debt of 1, 470/. not to exceed 1 /. per cent, per annum. Debt on the Leighton Bridge to be paid off immediately. 1 st of May 1885, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

560 Ch. 95. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

tfy

1. 2. 8. 4. 5. 6. 7.

Date of Act Title of Act. 1 Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation 1 is enacted. j Arrears of Interest extinguished.

So far 08 the same relates to the third district of the roads. 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 800/. and limited to 1,000l. per annum. Salaries, law charges, and incidentals limited to 120l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 1/. per cent, per annum. Is* of May 1879, and no longer.

So far as the same relates to the Black-waters and Bednall Branch Road. 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10/. 29th of September 1875, and no longer. "

So far as the same relates to the fourth district of roads. 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads limited to 250l. per annum. Salaries limited to 66/. per annum. No interest payable. 12 th of May 1882, and no longer.

5 Vict. c. lxxii. 66. An Act for maintaining certain roads in the county of Salop called the Church Stretton and Longden Roads. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No interest payable. 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

1874. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Ch. 95.

1. Bate of Act. 2. Title of Act. 8. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

5 Vict. c. lxxiii. 67. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Bolton to Westhoughton in the county palatine of Lancaster. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads, including incidentals, to be not less than 150/. and limited to 180l. per annum. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1878, and no longer.

5 Vict. c. lxxvii. 68. An Act for repairing and maintaining several roads leading from the town of Kington, and other roads branching therefrom, in the county or Hereford. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 850/. and limited to 950l. per annum. Salaries limited to 100l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 8/. per cent per annum. 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

5 & 6 Vict. c. xciii. 69. An Act for repairing and improving the road from Tadcaster to Otley in the west riding of the county of York. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 825/., and limited to 350l. per annum. Salaries limited to 50l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1 st of November 1878, one/ no longer.

Ch. 95. Turnpike Acta Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

g

cq '

o

o

n

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. I Modifications.' 0. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

5 & 6 Vict. e. xciv. 70. An Act for repairing and maintaining several roads leading from the town of Bromyard in the county of Hereford, and other roads adjoining thereto in the said county and in the county of Worcester, and for making several new lines of road connected therewith in the same counties. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - The several districts of road to be united. No money to be expended m repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 35/. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

10 & 11 Vict. c. xlvii. - 71. An Act for repealing the Acts relating to the roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to Old Town Gate in the borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Devonport, in the county of Devon, and making other provisions in lieu thereof. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads, including incidentals, to be not less than 500/. and limited to 550l. per annum. Salaries limited to 60l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1882, and no longer.

12 & 13 Vict. c. lvii. - 72. An Act for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry to Wisbech, and from thence to Tid Gote in the Isle of Ely, and to Downham Bridge in the county of Norfolk, and to authorise the conversion of the Wisbech and March Low Boad into turnpike. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - 1st of July 1875, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

00

o

tq

o

Ox

Ox

O

09

Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

15 Vict c. xii. - 73. An Act for improving, diverting, and maintaining as turnpike the road leading from Skipton to Craco in the parish of Bumsal, all in the west riding of the county of York. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 150/. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

15 Vict c. xxxix. 7 4. An Act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from the High Street in the town of Arundel in the county of Sussex to the turnpike road leading from Petworth to Stopham on Fittleworth Common in the kid county, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No interest payable 18t of November 1881, and no longer.

15 Vict. c. xl. - 75. An Act for managing and repairing the turnpike road leading from the eastern side of a certain bridge called Spittle Hill Bridge over Moorgate Beck in the parish of Clarborough in the county of Nottingham to Littleborough Ferry in the same county. 76. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the road from the town of Bedford in the county of Bedford to Kimbolton in the county of Huntingdon, and to substitute other provisions. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. 1 st of November 1876, and no longer.

15 Vict. c. lx. - The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. 31st of December 1874, and no longer.

564 Ch. 95. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

w

o

o

c§

ft

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

15 Vict c. lxxi. - 77. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Abbey Tintern and Bigswear Beads. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No interest payable 1st of November 1879, and no longer.

15 Vict c. lxxxviii. 78. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Macclesfield and Buxton Road Act, to create a term of twenty-one years, and for other purposes. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Section 24 to be repealed. Salaries limited to 30l. per annum. No interest payable. 1 it of November 1878, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

15 Vict. c. cxv. - 79. An Act for repairing the road from Leek in the county of Stafford to Monyash, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton in the county of Derby, and thence to Otter-hole, and certain branches of road communicating therewith. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 25/. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

15 & 16 Vict c. cxxix. 80. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving certain roads leading to and from Liskeard, and certain other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for other purposes. The entire Act 1 November 1874 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 600/., and limited to 700l. per annum. Salaries and incidentals limited to 125/. per annum. Bate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1881, and no longer.

1874. Turnpike Acta Continuance. Ch. y5. 5Go

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.

Pate of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cliy. - 81. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Exeter and the Countess Wear Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorise the construction of certain new roads, and for other purposes. "So far as the same relates to the "Exeter " district. 1 November 1874 - Fifth and sixth subsections of section 48 to be repealed. Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 9, 500/., and limited to 4,000l. per annum. Salaries and incidentals limited to 450l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1884, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

# So far as the same relates to the Plymouth and ExeterBoad or " Chud-leigh " district. 1 November 1874 - No interest payable ls< of November 1881, and no longer.

D

566 Ch. 95. Turnpike Acta Contmuemce. 37 & 33 Via.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, subject to modifications.

1. Date of Act 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted.

4 G. 4. c. xv. 82. An Act for repairing and improving the roads from the town of Stockbridge to the city of Winchester, and from the said city of Winchester to the top of Stephen's Castle Down near the town of Bishop's Waltham in the county of Southampton, and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate in the town and county of the town of Southampton, and certain roads adjoining thereto. So far as the same relates to the south district of the Southampton Road. of November 1877.

6 G. 4. c. ci. 83. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Greenhill Moor to Hernstone Lane Head Koad, near Stony Middleton, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Derby, and in the west riding of the county of York; and for making an extension and branch of road therefrom. The entire Act 1 November 1874 The "Beauchief" or New Branch Road, and also that portion of the road situated within the borough of Sheffield, to cease to belong to the trust. 1»< of November 1877.

1874. Turnpike Acta Continuance. Ch. 95.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act., Extent to which Act is modified and continued.

7 G. 4. c. xvi. 1 84. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads from Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster to Salter's Brook in the county palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining several extensions or diversions of road, and a new branch of road to communicate therewith. 1 The entire Act

9 G. 4. c. xxxiii. - 85. An Act for making and maintaining a road from the town of Beaumaris to join the London and Holyhead Post Road at or near to the Menai Bridge, all in the county of Anglesey. The entire Act

10 G. 4. c. lxxix. - 86. An Act for improving and maintaining certain roads in the counties of Worcester, Warwick, Stafford, and Salop, called "The Dudley, Bir-u mingham, Wolverhampton," and Streetway District." So far as the same relates to the Street-way and Wordsley Green and Wolverhampton and Cannock Roads.

2 W. 4. c. li. 87. An Act for maintaining several roads leading to and from the town of Tamworth in the counties of Stafford and Warwick. The entire Act

4 Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up. to which Continuation is enacted.

1 November 1874 Salaries, law charges, and incidentals limited to 300/. per annnm. 1st of November 1884.

1 November 1874 Kate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annnm. Not less than 50l. per annum to he applied towards the discharge of the bonded debt 1 st of November 1880.

1 November 1874 Salaries and law charges limited to 150/. per annnm. 1st of November 1879.

1 November 1874 The Elford Toll Bar to be abolished. Ist of November 1879.

568 Ch. 95. Tv/mpike Acts Continuance. 37 & 38 Vict.

g

CQ

n '

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted.

3 W. 4. e. lv. 88. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads leading from the city of Gloucester towards the city of Hereford, and also towards Newent and Newnham in the county of Gloucester, Ledbury in the county of Hereford, and Upton-upon-Severn in the county of Worcester. The entire Act 1 November 1874 The two trusts to be united. 1st of November 1878.

3 W. 4. c. lvii. 89. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the roads from Manchester to Salter's Brook, and for making several roads to communicate therewith, and also for making a certain new extension or diversion of the said roads instead of a certain extension or diversion by the said Act authorised to be made. The entire Act 1 November 1874 Salaries, law charges, and incidentals limited to 300l. per annum. 1 st of November 1884.

5 & 6 Vict. c. xcv. - 90. An Act for repairing the several roads leading to and from the Market House in Stourbridge in the county of Worcester, and several other roads connected with the said roads, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop. The entire Act 1 November 1874 The two trusts [to be united. Salaries limited to 200l. per annum. 1st of November 1877.

oo

* <f

a

00

9

co

Ox

Ox

O

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued.

6 & 7 Vict. c. xci. - 91. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the new wall on the parade in Castleton in the parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in Great Heaton, and to the town of Manchester, all in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for making a diversion in the line of such road. The entire Act

14 Vict. c. xli. 92. An Act to continue the term of the Act of the sixth year of George the Fourth, chapter fifty-one (Local), so far as relates to the turnpike road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to make better provision for the repair of the road; and for other purposes. The entire Act

vl

o

4. 5.

Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted.

1 November 1874 Bate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per dunum. Not less than 300l. per annum to be applied towards the discharge of the bonded debt as a first charge after payment of the interest. 1st of November 1878.

1 November 1874 Not less than 200l. per annum to be applied towards the discharge of the bonded debt. Salaries, law charges, and incidentals limited to 60l. per annum. 18t of November 1884.

Ch. 95. Turnpike Acta Continuance. 37 & 38 Vice

17

1, 4;

66

72

38

69

25

52

21

6

67

36

28

8, 4:

54

43

4

23

56

20

63

23

65

18

27

41

40

45

75

70

26

8

55

37

19

48

74

73

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

to continue in force until the 1st of Novemh unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise p]

Name of Trust.

PART I.

Great Staughton and Lavendon Road

Royston to Wandesford Bridge (South District) Cranage and Warrington and Macclesfield and Nether Tab ley, United -Nantwich and Congleton, Middlewich to Nantwich -Camelford, Wadebridge, and St. Columb Creed and St. Just -Hayle Bridge Causeway -

Cockermouth and Carlisle -

Cockermouth and Workington Chesterfield to Matlock, Darley, and Rowsley Bridge Derby and Burton-upon-Trent Duffield and Heage -Temple Normanton and Tibshelf Blandford and Poole -Vale of Blackmoor -Bishop Wearmouth and Norton Catterick Bridge and Durham Aldermaston and Basingstoke Andover and Winchester, or Andover District Cranborne Chase and New Forest Southampton, North District, and Winchester ant Waltham United -Whitchurch and Aldermaston Winchester to Newtown River, or Whitchurch District Whitchurch and Llangarron -Whitney and Bredwardine -Wyeside -Brandbridges -

Stockershead to Bagham's Cross Blackburn and Walton Cop -Bury to Blackburn, Whailey, &c.

Rochdale and Burnley -

Scartho -Pontypool -Usk District -

Norwich and Fakenham -Northampton and Cold Bray field Old Stratford and Dunchurch Wooler and Breamish Worksop and Kelham -

Aylesbury, Thame, Oxford, and Shillingford -Deddington and Kidlington -Faringdon and Burford -Thame and Bicester -Thame and Postcombe -Leighton and Buildwas -Shiffnal District -Weston Gate -

1

13

76

39

57

71

39

60

51

6, 6

53

64

3

30

8, 6

33

7

35

44

15

78

59

29

32

50

2

5

79

42

12

14

22

27

85

89

88

77

82

86

80

83

81

90

87

84

Name of Trust.

Shepton Mallet -

Wells -

Blyth Marsh -

High Bridges and Uttoxeter -

Lichfield -

New Biddulph -

Spath and Hanging Bridge -

Ipswich to Helmingham and Debenham, and Hemingstone to Otley Bottom -Ipswich and Stratford -

Bedfont and Bagshot, United -

Brede -

Storrington and Ball's Hut -Dunchurch and Southam -

Hinckley and Coventry -

Marlborough and Salisbury -Marshfield -

Swindon and Coldharbour, or Second District Swindon and Marlborough -

Wootton Bassett and Marlborough -

Dog Lane Gate -

Tinker's Gate -

Welch Gate -

Barnsley and Shepley Lane Head Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave - Boroughbridge to Catterick and Piersebridge Collingham and York -

Huddersfield and Wood head -

Middleton Tyas Lane End to Greta Bridge and Bowes Richmond to Lucy Cross and Gilling to Gatherley Moor -

Richmond and Reeth -

Thirek .....

Thirsk and Masham -

Denbigh and Rhyddlan Pontblyddyn and Llandegla -Aberdovey District

PART II.

Wimpole and Potton -Nantwich and Woore -Alston -

Cockermouth and Maryport -Gravesend to Wrotham Manchester and Bury New Road Allendale -

Black Dog -High Ham and Ashcott West Harptry -

Burford, Leachdale, and Swindon Leeds and Whitehall - .

Date of Act. Title of Act

31 G. 3. c. cxx. 1. An Act to enlarge the term and powers of three several Acts passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth and twentieth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the town of Shepton Mallet in the county of Somerset; and for repairing the road from a place called Long Cross Bottom to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near Batcomb Church, in the said county; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the streets, lanes, and other public passages within the said town.

34 G. 3. c. xxxL 2. An Act for continuing and amending three Acts, one of His late Majesty, and two of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Middleton Tyas Lane End to Bowes in the north riding of the county of York.

55 G. 3. c. xi. 3. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunchurch to Southam in the county of Warwick.

56 G. 3. c. xlvii. 4. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Aldermaston to Basingstoke, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Berks and Southampton.

57 G. 3. c. xxvii. 5. An Act for more effectually improving the road from Richmond, in the county of York, to Lancaster in the county of Lancaster, and the road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from Gilling to the turnpike road on Gatherley Moor in the county of York; so far as the same relates to the Gilling District of the said Road.

58 G. 3. c. xxxvi. 6. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the west end of the town of Burton-upon-Trent in the county of Stafford, through the said town, to the south end of the town of Derby in the county of Derby.

58 G. 3. c. lxxxii. 7. An Act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road at or near Beck-hampton, and other roads in the said Act mentioned, in the county of Wilts; so far as the same relates to the Swindon and Cold Harbour, or second district of roads.

59 G. 3. c. cxxi. 8. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the fortieth year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain roads in the county of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and Usk Districts of road, and for granting other powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new branch of road from the said Usk District.

59 G. 3. c. cxxii. l n 9. An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act of His present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from the Guide Post in the village of Adderbury in the county of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the end of the Mileway in the city of Oxford.

1 u. 4. c. v. - 10. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the road from Buildwas Bridge, to join the Watling Street Road at Tern Bridge in the county of Salop.

1 G. 4. c. xxv. 11. An Act to continue the term, and to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of the several Acts for repairing the roads from Hen-shalrs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through Nether Knutsford to Altrincham, and other roads therein mentioned, all in the

1 & 2 G. 4. c. vii. county palatine of Chester. 12. An Act for amending and repairing the road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, to Hutton Moor, and through Ainderby-Quern-how and Nosterfield to Masham in the north riding of the county of York.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xii.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xx.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxix.

3 G. 4. c. lxviii.

3 G. 4. c. lxxxvii.

3 G. 4. c. xci.

4 G. 4. c. xv.

4 G. 4. c. xxviii.

4 G. 4. c. xliii.

4 G. 4. c. lxxxiii.

4 G. 4. c. lxxxv.

13. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads leading to and from the city or borough of Wells in the county of Somerset, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering the said roads, and the streets, lanes, and public passages within the said city or borough, the liberty of Saint Andrew and suburbs of the said city or borough, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances thereon.

14. An Act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the road from Denbigh to Saint Asapn, and from thence to Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

15. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of three Acts, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley in the county of Worcester to the several places therein mentioned in the counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

17. An Act for more effectually repairing the South District of the road from Royston in the county of Hertford to Wandeaford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon.

18. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the roads leading from certain bridges over the River Wye, called Whitney Bridge and Bredwardine Bridge in the county of Hereford, towards the town of Hay in the county of Brecon.

19. An Act for continuing and amending three Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the road from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick.

20. An Act for repairing and improving the roads from the town of Stockbridge to the city of Winchester, and from the said city of Winchester to the top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the town of Bishop's Waltham in the county of Southampton, and from the said city of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate in the town and county of the town of Southampton, and certain roads adjoining thereto; so far as the same relates to " The north district of the Southampton Road/* and to " The Winchester and Waltham Road' *

21. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from the turnpike road near the west end of the town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the road leading out of the last-mentioned road to the turnpike road near Rowesley Bridge, all in the county of Derby.

22. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike 'road from the turnpike road between the town of Mold in the county of Flint and the town of Wrexham in the county of Denbigh to the turnpike road between the town of Ruthin in the said county of Denbigh and the town of Wrexham aforesaid, and also two several branches of road therefrom.

23. An Act for amending and maintaining the roads from the North Gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other places to Newtown river, and from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid through Wherwell to Andover in the county of Southampton.

24. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the south end of Brown's Lane in the parish of Great Staughton in the county of Huntingdon to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the parish of Lavendon in the county of Buckingham.

5 G. 4. c. vii.

5 G. 4. c. liv.

5 G. 4. c. civ.

5 G. 4. c. cxlv,

6 G. 4. c. Lx.

6 G. 4. c. x.

6 G. 4. c. clxi.

7 G. 4. c. xi.

7 G! 4. c. xii.

7 G. 4. c. lxx.

7 G. 4. c. cxxxvii.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. iv.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. lxxi. 7 & 8 G. 4. c. lxxiii, 9 Geo. 4. c. xxxiL

10 G. 4. c. xxiii.

25. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the roads from the city of Carlisle to the market town of Cockermouth in the county of Cumberland.

26. An Act for repairing and improving the road from Back Lane in the parish of Scartho to Hollowgate Head in the parish of Louth in the county of Lincoln.

- 27. An Act for making, repairing, and improving several roads in the

counties of Radnor, Hereford, and Merioneth; so far as the same relates to "The Wyeside District" and to " The Aberdovey District" 28. An Act for repairing the roads leading out of the turnpike road between Poole and Wimborne Minster into the turnpike road between Blandford-Forum and Dorchester; and for repairing and improving the roads from Dunveston Bridge to Caundle Bishop, from Bagber Common to Holton Street, and from North Cheriton to Lattiford, all in the counties of Dorset and Somerset.

- 29. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of several Acts

passed for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge in the county of York to Catterick in the same county, and from thence to Piersbridge on the River Tees.

- 30. An Act for repairing the road from Hinckley in the county of

Leicester to Nuneaton in the county of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the city of Coventry.

31. An Act for maintaining and improving the roads leading through the town of Shiffnall and the road leading from Oaken Gates to Weston, in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

- 32. An Act for improving the road from Collingham in the west

riding of the county of York to the city of York; and for making certain diversions from such road.

33. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road, from Chippenham Bridge in the county of Wilts to the top of I Togg Hill in the county of Gloucester, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties and in the county of Somerset, called The Marshfield District.

- 34. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving

the road leading from Maidenhead Bridge to the Thirty-three Milestone towards Reading, and from the said road at the east entrance on Maidenhead Thicket to the Thirty Milestone towards Henley in the county of Berks.

- 35. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the turn-

pike road at or near the town of Swindon to the north end of the town of Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

- 36. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from

Temple Normanton in the parish of Chesterfield to the Mansfield and Tibshelf Turnpike Road at or near Tibshelf Side Gate in the county of Derby.

- 37. An Act for making and maintaining a road from the town of

Northampton in the county of Northampton to Cold Brayfield in the county of Buckingham.

- 38. An Act for more effectually improving the road from Creed to-

Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Trethim Mill in the county of Cornwall.

- 39. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping

in repair two several districts of road leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from the Newcastle Road at Snath, near Uttoxeter, to the Leek Road, at or near Hanging Briage in the county of Stafford.

- 40. An Act for repairing the road from Stockershead, at the top of

Charing Hill, to a place called Bagham's Cross in the parish of Chilham in the county of Kent.

10 G. 4. c. lvi.

11 G. 4. c. iv.

11 G. 4. c. xxvi.

11 G. 4. c. xxxvii.

11 G. 4. c. lxxxv.

1 W. 4. c. v.

1 W. 4. c. xv.

1 &2W. 4. c. xxiii.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xxx.

1 & 2 W. 4. C. xl.

2 W. 4. c. v. -2 W. 4. c. xxix.

2 W. 4. c. lvii.

2 W. 4. c. lxi.

2 W. 4. c. lxiii.

2 W. 4. c. Iriv.

41. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the brick kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembuiw Green, and from Brandbridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, and from the said road into the Mereworth and Hadlow Road in the county of Kent.

42. An Act for repairing certain turnpike roads leading to and from Thirsk in the county of York.

43. An Act for maintaining the road from Catterick Bridge in the county of York, by the towns of Yarm and Stockton, and through the town of Sedgefield to the city of Durham.

44. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Wootton Bassett in the county of Wilts to the Two Mile Stone in the turnpike road leading from Swindon to Marlborough in the said county.

45. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Blackburn to Walton Cop, within Walton-in-le-Dale, in the county of Lancaster.

46. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath in the county of Middlesex to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill in the county of Surrey.

47. An Act for repairing the road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield to Nether Tabley in the county of Chester.

48. An Act for consolidating tl^e trusts of certain roads called the Breamish and Wooler Turnpike Roads'in the county of Northumberland, and for more effectually improving and maintaining the same.

49. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the fifth year of His late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Durweston Bridge to Caundle Bishop and other roads in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, so far as relates to the Vale of Blackmoor Turnpike Roads.

50. An Act for improving and maintaining the road from the south side of a bridge over the River Colne, called Engine Bridge, in the township of Huddersfield in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead in the county palatine of Chester, and from thence to a bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

51. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary in the county of Suffolk.

52. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the town of Cockermouth to the town of Workington, and a branch of road over Broughton High Bridge, unto and as far as the public highway leaning from the village of Papcastk towards and unto the village of Great Broughton in the county of Cumberland.

53. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall to Cripp's Corner, and from thence to Staplecross, and from Cripp's Corner to Taylor's Come in the county of Sussex, and a piece of road communicating therewith.

54. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the toad from Bishop Wearmouth to Norton in the county of Durham.

55. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the city of Norwich to Fakenham in the county of Norfolk.

56. An Act for making a turnpike road from the parish of Cann Saint Rumbold near Shaftesbury in the county of Dorset, through Cranbourne Chase and the New Forest to the Bell Inn at Brook in the parish of Bramshaw in the county of South* ampton, together with two branches therefrom.

Date of Act.

2 W. 4. c. bnri.

2 W. 4. c. xcvii.

Title of Act.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. cix.

3 W. 4. c. x. -3 W. 4. c. xxxviii.

3 W. 4. c. lxxiii.

3 W. 4. c. lxxvii.

3 W. 4. c. lxxxi.

5 W. 4. c. xxii.

5 W. 4. c. xxviii.

5 \V. 4. c. xli.

6 W. 4. c. lxxxvii.

7 W. 4. c. ii.

7 W. 4. c. vi. -7 W. 4?. c. xxxviii.

[2Vro. 49. Price

57. An Act for more effectually repairing the first district of the road from Coleshill, through the city of Lichfield and the town of Stone, to the end of the county of Stafford in the road leading towards Chester, and several other roads in the counties of Warwick and Stafford, and city and county of the city of Lichfield.

58. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Marlborough district of the road from Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everley in the county of Wilts, and also the branch road from the same to the present turnpike road from Andover to Devizes, and for making a road from the said branch road at Collingbourn Ducis to join the present turnpike road from Andover to Salisbury in the said county.

59. An Act for maintaining certain roads in the neighbourhood of the towns of Beverley, of Kingston-upon-Hull, and of North Cave, called "The Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave Turnpike Roads."

60. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads from Ipswich to Helmingham and to Debenham, and from Hemingston to Otley Bottom in the county of Suffolk.

61. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Twenty Milestone on Egham Hill in the county of Surrey to a place called Basingstone near the town of Bagshot in the parish of Windlesham in the same county.

62. An Act for repairing the road from the town of Great Faringdon in the county of Berks to Burford in the county of Oxford.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch in the county of Southampton to the extremity of the parish of Aldermaston in the county of Berks.

64. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Storrington to Ball's Hut in Walberton in the county of Sussex.

65. An Act for improving certain roads within the county of Hereford communicating with the city of Hereford; so far as the same relates to " The Llangarren District of roads"

66. An Act for making turnpike certain highways between the towns of Nantwich and Congleton in the county palatine of Chester; so far as the same relates to the Middlewich to Nanturich District of roads.

67. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Duffield through Belper to Heage in the county of Derby, and for making a new line of road communicating therewith.

68. An Act to vary and alter the line of the Marlborough and Salisbury Road, and for making a road from the same to Amesbury in the county of Wilts.

69. An Act for maintaining the causeway and turnpike road from Grigg's Quay in the parish of Uny Lelant over Hayle river and sands, and through Hayle Foundery in the county of Cornwall, and for extending the said turnpike road from the western end of the said causeway towards Penzance.

70. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the road from the town of Rochdale to near Hand Bridge near the town of Burnley, and other roads communicating therewith, and for making and maintaining other roads also to communicate therewith, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

71. An Act for better maintaining the road from Gillow Hollow in the parish of Biddulph in the county of Stafford to the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road at Park Lane in the township of Congleton in the county of Chester, with the road therefrom at Lick Lane in the said parish of Biddulph.

2c?.] 3 C

Date of Act. Title of Act.

1 Vict. c. vi. - 72. An Act for repairing and improving the road leading from Haleworthy in the parish of Davidstow in the county of Cornwall to the east end of Wadebridge, and from the west end of Wadebridge into and through the borough of Mitchell in the said county, and for making and maintaining certain new roads to communicate therewith.

1 Vict. c. xlvi. 73. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Aylesbury to Thame, and the roads from Thame to Oxford, Shillingford. Postcomb, and Bicester, in the counties of Buckingham and Oxford.

2 Vict. c. xv. - 74. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Worksop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham in the county of Nottingham.

2 Vict. c. xxxi. 76. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the roads from Bury, through Haslingden, to Blackburn and Whalley, and other roaas communicating therewith, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

3 & 4 Vict. c. cxvi. - 76. An Act for improving the roads leading from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Blyth Marsh, from Cliff Bank to Shelton, from Fenton to Hem Heath, and from Shelton to Newcastle-under-Lyme: and for making and completing certain new pieces of road to communicate therewith, all in the county of Stafford.

6 Vict. c. xvi. - 77. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the town of Cockermouth to the town of Maryport, and other roads therein mentioned, and for making a branch road connected therewith, all in the county of Cumberland.

8 & 9 Vict. c. cl. 78. An Act for making and maintaining in repair a complete line of turnpike road from Shepley Lane Head to the Bamesley and Grange Moor Turnpike Road at or near Redbrooke Plantation in the parish of Darton, all in the west riding of the county of York.

11 & 12 Vict. c.cxlvii. 79. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road from Richmond to Reeth in the county of York.

16 & 17 Vict. c. liiL - 80. An Act to repeal the Act for maintaining the turnpike road leading out of the Alston Turnpike Road at Branch End in the county of Northumberland, through Catton, Allendale Town, and Allenheads to Cows Hill in the county of Durham, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

16 & 17 Vict. c. lv. - 81. An Act to renew the term and continue the powers of an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads leading from Picks Hill, near the town of Langport Eastover, in the county of Somerset, through High Ham, Ashcott, and other places, to Meare in the said county.

16 & 17 Vict. c. lxii. 82. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Gravesend to Wrotham, and from thence to Borough Green, all in the county of Kent.

16 & 17 Vict. c. lxxi. 83. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from Warminster and from Frome to the Bath Road and other roads connected

16 & 17 Vict. c. lxxiv. therewith, in the counties of Wilts and Somerset, called or known by the name of "The Back Dog Road Trust." 84. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Act relatin'; to the Leeds and Whitehall Turnpike Roads, and to create a further term therein, and for other purposes.

16 & 17 Vict. c. xcii. 85. An Act to repeal an Act of the seventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth, for making and maintaining a turn juke road from Wimpole to Wrestling worth and Potton, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

Ch. 95.

579

Date of Act. Title of Act.

16 & 17 Vict. c. cii. - 86. An Act to repeal an Act for making and maintaining a road from the top of Hunt's Bank in the town of Manchester in the county of Lancaster to ioin the Manchester and Bury Turnpike Road in Pilkington in the same county, and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof.

16 & 17 Vict. c. civ. - 87. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road from Burford in the county of Oxford to Leachlade in the county of Gloucester, the road from thence through Highworth to the Cricklade and Swindon Turnpike Road in the county of Wilts, and the bridge on the said roads across the river Isis or Thames at or near the town of Leachlade aforesaid; and for granting a further term in the said roads and bridge; and for other

16 & 17 Vict. c. cxii. purposes. 88. An Act to repeal the Act for repairing the Alston Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

16 & 17 Vict. c.cxlvii. 89. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Nantwich and Woore Turnpike Road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

16 & 17 Vict. c. clxii. 90. An Act to repeal the Acts for repairing the roads from West Harp try to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Acts relating to Turnpike Trusts in Scotland which, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, are to continue in force until the 1st of November 1875, and to the end of the then next Session of Parliament.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Act.

Berwick - - J Berwickshire, Eastern District . 19

Middle District _ - 20

Clackmannan - Clackmannanshire - - 35

Kinross and Alloa . - 35

Ochil - - - 11

Dumbarton Cumbernauld - - 41

Gareloch -

Helensburgh - - - I 25

Kilmaronoch Road -

Kirkintilloch and Cumbernauld -

Law Muir - - 42

Luss - - - \ 25

Yoker - - - J °

Dumfries Evanwater Road - - 23

Elgin Findhorn Bridge - - 13

Fire Cupar - - - 1 in

Dunfermline - - - f 10

Kirkcaldy -

1 Leven Bridge and Road - - 34

1 Outh and Nivingstone - - 17

St. Andrew's - - 10

3 C 2

Forfar -

Kincardine

Kinross -

Lanark

Linlithgow

Midlothian

Perth

Arbroath, Brechin, and Forfar Broughty Ferry to Luckyslap -Caimconan -

Dundee to Coupar Angus ...

Dundee and Forfar -

Dundee and Invergowrie ...

Dundee and Pitkerro -

Dundee and Strathmartine ...

Forfar to Kirriemuir -Forfarshire, Central - Ditto, Eastern -

Ditto, Northern -

Lumleyden and Petterden -

Montrose and Brechin ...

Montrose and Forfar -Pitairlie -Strathmore -

Fetteresso and Maryculter -

Kincardineshire, Consolidated Slug

South Deeside -

Cleish -

Great North Road ...

Milnathort -Portmoak -

Bathgate and Airdrie -

Biggar and Leadhills -

Cambuslang and Muirkirk -

Carluke -

Corsethill -

Crossford Bridge -

Garscube -

Glasgow and Carlisle -

Great Western ...

Lanark and Hamilton ...

Wilsontown and Biggar ... Wilsontown and Lanark ... Cleuch -

Cramond Bridge, Queen's Ferry, and Linlithgow Linlithgow and Kirkliston -

Calder, Slateford, and Corstorphine -Cramond -

Dalkeith and Post Road (United)

Lass wade and Wrightshouses (United)

Athole -

Auchterarder -

Blair Drummond Road -

Blairgowrie and Bridge of Cally

Blairgowrie and Coupar Angus-

Carse of Gowrie -

Crieff and Longcauseway Head

Dalpatrick -

Dalreoch -

Drip and Frew and Netherton (United) Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Dunkeld to Aberfeldy and Kenmore -Dunning -

Gleneagles -

Glenfalloch -

1

i

16

16

7

32

43 30 17

46

17

2

14 26

44

26

28

26

29

22

29

26

37

33 12

15

27

21

1

21

Renfrew -Roxburgh

Stirling -

Glenlichorm -Locheam -Lochtayside and Glendochart Monteith -Perth and Coupar Angus Perth and Crieff -Perth and Dunkeld -Perth and Kinclaven -Strathbraan -Strathtay -

Taybridge Road ... Tummell Bridge Road Kelly Roads, Renfrew and Greenock -Great Road -

Haremoss and Scots dyke. East District Kelso*Union, North Branch -, , West Branch

: h

: I

j

- j

Liddesdale -Selkirk and St. Boswell's Crossmuirhead to Higginsneuck-Denny to Fintry Road Kerse Road and Bridge Linlithgow Bridge to Stirling Redrow to Peathill Stirling to Drymen Bridge West District, No. 1 -, , No. 2 -

21

3

21

24

38 9

31

39 38

6

5 18

8

6 6

36, 40

40

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

1. — 47 Geo. III. c. xx.

2. — 50 Geo. III. c. lxxii.

3. — 1 Geo. IV. c. xlvii.

4. -7 Geo. IV. c. cxxviii.

5. -7 & 8 Geo. IV. c. xcvi.

6. -7 & 8 Geo. IV. c. xcvii.

7. — 10 Geo. IV. c.liv.

8. — 10 Geo. IV. c. lviii.

An Act for repairing and keeping in repair several roads in the county of Perth.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth, and Clackmannan.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Military Roads in the county of Perth, and the several branches or roads of communi- - cation therewith connected.

An Act for making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair certain roads in the county of Forfar.

An Act for altering and maintaining the road from Stirling to Drymen Bridge, in the counties of Stirling and Perth.

An Act for amending an Act of the fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads from Redrow to Peathill, in the county of Stirling, and for making and maintaining certain new roads connected therewith.

An Act for making and repairing the road from the bridge over the river Cowie, near Stonehaven, to the road along the south bank of the river Dee, at or near to Park Head or Millbank of M&ryculter, in the county of Kincardine.

An Act for making and repairing the road from Linlithgow Bridge to Stirling, and other roads in the county of Stirling.

3 C 3

9. — 10 Geo. IV. c. lx.

10. — 10 Geo. IV. c. lxxxiv.

11. — 10 Geo. IV. c.xci.

12. — 11 Geo. IV. c.cix.

13. — 11 Geo. IV. c. cxxix.

14. — 1 Will. IV. c. xliii.

15. — i will .; iv. c. lxiv.

16. — 1 & 2 Will. IV. c. lxi.

7. — 1 & 2 Will. IV. c. lxxi.

18. — 1 & 2 Will. IV. c. xxxviii.

19. — 2 Will. IV. c. xxxi.

20. — 2 Will. IV. c. lvi.

21. — 2 Will. IV. c. lxxxii.

22. -2 Will. IV. c: c.

23.-2 Will. IV. c. ci.

24.-3 & 4 Will. IV. c. cvi.

25.Will. IV. c. lxi.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the road from Scots Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, by or through the towns of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the county of Roxburgh.

An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the county of Fife; for rendering turnpike certain statute labour and parish roads, and for making and maintaining certain new roads in the said county.

An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the road from Kinross, in the county of Kinross, to Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the road from Cratnond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, the road leading westward therefrom, through Dalmeny to Echline, and the road from the west end of the said town of Queensferry to the town of Linlithgow, in the county of Linlithgow.

An Act for re-building the bridges over the rivers Spey and Find-horn, for making accesses thereto, and for making and maintaining certain new roads in the county of Elgin.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the road from the new bridge over the Water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanark, and certain branch roads connected therewith.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the road from Carlowrie Bridge, on the river Almond, to Linlithgow Bridge on the river Avon, and other roads in the county of Linlithgow.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair certain roads in the county of Forfar.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth, and Clackmannan.

An Act for making and repairing certain roads leading across the county of Stirling, and other roads in the said county.

An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Ber* wick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge and Ayton, to Dunglas Bridge, and the road from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge to join the said road at or near Houndwood House and Bank-house respectively, in the county of Berwick.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain roads and bridges in the county of Berwick.

An Act for more effectually making, maintaining, and repairing certain roads, with the necessary bridges thereon, in the counties of Perth, Stirling, and Forfar.

An Act for amending and enlarging the powers and renewing the term granted by certain Acts passed for improving the communication between the city of Glasgow and the city of Carlisle.

An Act for amending and continuing the Acts relating to the road from Evan Foot, in the county of Lanark, to Beatock Bridge, in the county of Dumfries.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the first and second years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying " into effect certain improvements within the city of Edinburgh " and adjacent to the same."

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain roads and bridges in the counties of Dumbarton and Stirling.

26. — 4 & 5 Will. IV. c. lxxii.

27. -5 & 6 Will. IV. c. lxii.

28. -6 Will. IV. c. xviii.

29. -6 & 7 Will. IV. c. cxxxviii.

30. -7 Will. IV. c. v.

31. — 7 Will. IV. c. xxxix.

32. — 1 & 2 Vict. c. vii.

33. — 1 & 2 Vict. c. lxxiii.

34. — 2 & 3 Vict. I c. xiviii.

35. — 3 Vict. c. xxxix.

36. -3 & 4 Vict. c. ci.

37. — 3 & 4 Vict. c. ciii.

38. — 3 Vict. c. lxvi.

39. & 5 Vict. c.xcvii.

40. — 5 & 6 Vict. c. xi.

41. — 5 & 6 Vict. c. xxv. j;

42. -6 & 6 Vict. ' c. xxxvii.

43. -5 & 6 Vict. c. lxxv.

An Act for making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain roads in the county of Lanark, and for building a bridge oyer the Clyde at Crossford, in the said county.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining turnpike roads in the county of Edinburgh.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the fourth and fifth years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for " making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing j " certain roads in the county of Lanark, and for building a

I " bridge over the Clyde at Crossford, in the said county."

An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Annies-! land Toll Bar to St. George's Road, and branch roads therewith I connected, all in the county of Lanark.

An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road along the south side of the river Dee, in the county of Kincardine.

An Act for further and more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain roads in the county of Roxburgh, and other roads connected therewith, leading into the counties of Berwick, Northumberland, and Durham. t

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair certain roads in the county of Kincardine.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road from Borrowstouness by the west end of Linlithgow, and by Tor-pliichen, Bathgate, and Whitburn, to the confines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn, the road from Borrowstouness to the river Avon, and the road leading eastward from Borrowstouness to Champany, by the Kirk of Camden, in the county of Linlithgow.

An Act for building a bridge over the river Leven, in the county of Fife, and otherwise improving the road from Boreland Loan to Sconie Bridge.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the road from Causeway Head, near Stirling, through the county of Clackmannan, by the foot of the Ochil Hills, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain roads branching out of the same.

An Act to make, alter, improve, and maintain certain roads in the counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark, and Perth.

An Act to alter and amend certain Acts for making and maintaining a road from the limits of the counties of Edinburgh and Lanark by Wilsontown into the burgh of Lanark, with a branch towards Ravenstruther in the said county of Lanark, and for other purposes relating thereto.

An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining several turnpike roads in the county of Roxburgh.

An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining certain turnpike roads in the counties of Roxburgh and Dumfries.

An Act to explain and amend an Act intituled An Act to make," alter, improve, and maintain certain roads in the counties of " Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark, and Perth," and for making and maintaining certain new roads in connexion therewith.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, with a branen road leading therefrom.

An Act to improve, repair, and maintain certain roads in the counties of Lanark, Stirling, and Dumbarton, and to make and maintain a new line of road in connexion therewith.

An Act to alter and amend the Acts for making, repairing, and keeping in repair, the road from Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount to the Bridge at Cobleheugh, in the county of Kincardine.

44. — 5 & G Vict. c. cxii.

45. — 22 & 23 Vict. c. lxxix.

An Act for maintaining and improving certain roads in the counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Renfrew, for maintaining a bridge over the river Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for other purposes connected therewith.

An Act for continuing an Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Great North Roads leading from the North Queensferry and from Burntisland, both in the county of Fife, by Kinross to the city of Perth, and for enabling the trustees of the said roads and the trustees of other roads to enter into mutual arrangements.

CHAPTER 90.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[7th August 1874.]

WHEREAS, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the preparation of the Revised Edition of the Statutes now in progress, it is expedient that certain enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time and change of circumstances, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Enactments in schedule repealed.

Saving.

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule mentioned:

Provided that where any enactment not comprised in the schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act:

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon, or prevent any such enactment from being put

1874.

Statute Law Revision (JVo. 2).

Ch. 96.

585

in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right or title already acquired or accrued, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, Claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice or procedure, or existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, or emolument, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. The Statute Law Revision Act, 1874, shall be read and Amendment of

construed as if in the entry in the schedule to that Act relat- 37 & 38 vict* ing to the Act passed in the first year of Her Majesty's reign, £f

chapter eighty-eight, intituled An Act to amend certain 7 Will. 4. &

" Acts relating to the crime of Piracy/' the words " Section 1 Vict. c* 88* Six " and " Section Seven " had been substituted for the words " Section Four " and " Section Five " respectively.,

3. This Act may be cited as The Statute Law Revision Act, short title, 1874 (No. 2).

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part, first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning, or as forming the end, of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 1.

VICTORIA.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for Six Calendar Months all such Commissions of the Peace — and ends with the words, — Reign of Her present Majesty.

L.

c. 2. in part. An Act for the Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of impart; namely, — the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland J Section Two from " or from " to " India Duties, ". Section Three from " commence " to " Fourth, and " and from " the first Charge " to " ensuing Quarter Section Four. Section Seven from Cf and it " to " aforesaid Sections Sixteen and Eighteen.

c. 3. An Act to carry into further Execution the Provisions of an Act for completing the full Payment of Compensation to Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery.

c. 4. in'part. An Act to remove Doubts as to summoning Juries at\., , adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace - - /1 P J* Section Two.

c. 8. An Act to enable Her Majesty to grant an annual Sum to Her Royal Highness Victoria Maria Louisa Duchess of Kent.

c. 11. An Act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

c. 12. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions four hundred and thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

c. 13. An Act to enable the Grand Juries of the County and County of the City of Waterford to make Presentments, at the Spring Assizea for the Yetr One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, for the House of Industry of the said Counties.

c. 14. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act"] to repeal so much of an Act of the Thirty-ninth 1 . ., and Fortieth Years, — and ends with the words, — Cus- [tody of such Persons - -J Section One. Section Two to " repealed, and ", the words " after the passing of this Act " — " kept in Custody or " and " in Custody or " (wherever such last-mentioned words occur) — from "to the Keeper" to "if hereafter apprehended," and the words "in Custody at the Time of passing this Act, or shall be hereafter ". Sections Three, Six, and Seven.

c. 17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 18. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 19. An Act to amend the Act for the Abolition of Slavery in the British i Colonies.

c. 20. in part. An Act for the Consolidation of the Offices of First 1- ., | Fruits, Tenths, and Queen Anne's Bounty - - J m Part» i Section Two from " and that " to end of that Section. Sections Eleven to Fifteen. Section Sixteen to 4< Ripon, and i Section Twenty-five. The Schedule.

c. 21. i An Act to apply the Sum of Eight millions out of the Consolidated Fumi to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight

c. 23. in part. ' An Act to amend the Law for providing fit Houses for the beneficed Clerjjy - -j"n part; namely, - Sections Two and Three. Section Fifteen from " except" to end of that Section.

c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal Part of an Act, — and ends with the words, — Care and Guardianship of Her Person.

c. 26. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundrea and thirty-eight.

c. 27. in part. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Pre- \ vention of Offences by Insane Persons in Ireland - J P - Section Four from " and that " to end.

c. 28. in part. An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating") to Bread to be sold in Ireland, and to provide other j Regulations for the making and Sale of Bread, and 1 . ., for preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and [1 P; J* Bread, in that Part of the United Kingdom called j Ireland - - J Section One. Section Eight, the words " and one Moiety of such Penalty " and the subsequent words " Penalty and 99, Section Thirteen from "together " to uproper" and from "and the Residue " to " committed;". Section Sixteen from " and the Monies " to end of that Section. Section Twenty-six from " and every" to " Authority of this Act;". from " if the " to " done, or", and from " or shall 99 to " aforesaid, ". Sections Twenty-eight, Twenty-nine, and Thirty-one.

c. 31. in part. An Act for facilitating the Sale of Church Patronage! . ., belonging to Municipal Corporations in certain Cases j m P; name y. Section Five.

c. 32. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster to hold Sittings in Banc in Time of Vacation.

c. 33. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

c. 34. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, to restrain for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland.

c. 36. in part. An Act to make further Provisions and to amend the j Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown and the > in part; namely, — Port and Harbour of Dublin - J Sections One, Sixteen and Nineteen.

# c. 37. in part. An Act to empower the Foreman or any other Member "1 of Grand Juries in Ireland to administer Oaths to > in part; namely, — Witnesses on Bills of Indictment - J Section Three.

c. 38. in part. An Act to amend an Act for punishing idle and dis- \ ., orderly Persons and Rogues and Vagabonds -j nP Section Three.

c. 44. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Glass.

c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

c. 49. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act' to transfer the Management of certain Annuities, — 1 . ., and ends with the words, — Life Annuities and Annui- P 9 ties for Terms of Years -1 Section One. I Section Four from "the first " to end of that Section. Section Ten.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

c. 51. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Levy of . Grand Jury Cess in the County of the City of Dublin j m P Section One. Section Two from " according " to " Assessment, ". Sections Three to Six. Section Eight from "and such " to end of that Section. Sections Ten and Eleven.

c. 52. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland.

c. 53. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for providing more effectual Means to make j Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in }>in part; namely, — Ireland account for Public Monies, and to secure the same - - -J Sections Four and Five.

c. 56. in part. An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute 1 . ., , Poor in Ireland } in part; namely, - Sections One, Two and Nine to Twelve. Section Thirteen, the words "or Assistant Commissioner, ". Section Eighteen from " Provided always " to end of that Section. Section Twenty-six from "shall order " to " Commissioners may". Section Twenty-seven, the words " and Assistant Commissioner". Section Thirty-one from " in the surveying " to " rated, ". Sections Sixty-six, Sixty-eight, Eighty-seven and Ninety-seven. Section Ninety-eight, the words " Assistant Commissioner, ". Section Ninety-nine, the words " or Assistant Commissioner, ". Sections One hundred and One hundred and two, the words "or Assistant Commissioners, ". Section One hundred and three from " and the Penalties " to end of that Section. Sections One hundred and four and One hundred and eleven. Section One hundred and thirteen, the words " Assistant Commissioner, ", from " and every " to " thereupon and from " or shall" to " as aforesaid, ". Section One hundred and fourteen, the words " or Assistant Commissioners " and the words " or Rate " (wherever they occur). Sections One hundred and fifteen and One hundred and sixteen, the words " or Rate ". Sections One hundred and eighteen to One hundred and twentr-thiet Section One hundred and twenty-four from "or Composition " toair Ireland Section One hundred and twenty-five. The Second and Third Schedules.

c. 61. in part. An Act to amend an Act for enabling persons to makel Deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving Security by Bond to the Postmaster General }*in part; namely, and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Ex- | cise, Stamps, and Taxes - -J Section One from " and that so " to end of that Section.

c. 63. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Police of the District of the Dahlia Metropolis.

c. 64. in part. i An Act to facilitate the Merger of Tithes in Land - in part; namely, -Section Seven.

1874.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2).

Ch. 96.

589

c. 65.

c. 67.

in part.

c. 68.

c. 71.

An Act for relieving the Commissioners and others acting in the Execution of divers Local Improvement Acts from certain Penalties and Disabilities.

An Act for the better Government of Prisons in the \.

West Indies ..... J in part; namely -

Section Eleven.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to continue until the First day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Local Turnpike Acts for Great Britain which expire with this or the ensuing Session of Parliament.

An Act to amend and continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

c. 72. i

c. 74. I in part.

c. 75. in part.

c. 80. in part.

c. 82. in part.

I

c. 86.

in part.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Possession of\ - . i __

Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy /1 "

Section Nine.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year, — and ends with the words, — as relates to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine Sections Two and Three.

An Act for the Payment of Constables for keeping the \ . namely___

Peace near Public Works - - J P > 7>

Section Four.

An Act for establishing a Prison for young Offenders - in part; namely, — Section Nine to 4< attend; and ".

Section Eighteen.

An Act to diminish Delay and Expence in Advocations \.

and Suspensions in the Court of Session in Scotland J in "

Sections One to Three, Seven, Eight, Ten and Twelve.

|-in part; namely, —

c. 88. in part.

c. 89. in part.

c. 90.

An Act to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts relating thereto -

Except Section Eighteen.

An Act respecting the Transfer of certain Funds to the \

Secretary at War and the Paymaster General - J 1 P *

Section Three from " and the " to end of that Section.

An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

.92.

, 93.

c. 94. in part.

c. 91. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

An Act to repeal the Four-and-a-Half per Centum Duties.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions forty-four thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

An Act for keeping safely the Public Records - - in part; namely, —

Section One from " and until " to end of that Section.

Section Eight from " as soon " to " Provisions of this Act, ".

Section Nine from ''and in " to " subsist, ".

Sections Ten, Eighteen and Twenty-one.

c. 96. in part.

c. 96. in part.

c. 98. in part.

c. 100.

c. 103. c. 104.

c. 106. in part.

c. 107.

in part.

c. 108.

c. 109. in part.

in part; namely, —

An Act to provide for the Payment of certain Pensions in part; namely, — Sections Three and Five.

An Act to amend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Law relative to Legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies -

Section One from " at any Time during " to " this Act, ".

Sections Five and Six.

An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by \

Railways - - - *} m part; namely, -

Section Twenty.

An Act for continuing, under certain Limitations, the Powers given to the Judges for altering the Forms of Pleading in the Courts of Common Law at Westminster and elsewhere.

An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorize the County of Clare to borrow, — and ends with the words, — Default of such late Treasurer.

An Act to abridge the holding of Benefices in Plurality, T and to make better Provision for the Residence of the > in part; namely

Clergy ..... J

Section One.

Section Two, the words " Distance, joint yearly Value, and ".

Section Three.

Section Four from ''nor shall any Spiritual Person hold together" to end of that Section.

Sections Five, Eight, Twelve, Fourteen and Fifteen.

Section Sixteen from " and the " to " Pounds, ".

Section Thirty-seven from " or Principal " to " of this Act, ".

Section Forty-six from " or " to " Act " and the words " shall have been or ".

Section Fifty-four from " or " to " Third, ".

Section Sixty-one.

Section Eighty-two from "and that" to end of that Section.

Section One hundred and three.

Section One hundred and ten from " except" to "also ".

Section One hundred and twenty-three, the words " Master or ". Section One hundred and thirty-one from " and of " to " Chancellor, ".

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church \, Building Acts ..... } xn part; namely

Sections One, Three to Five and Eleven.

An Act for suspending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Appointment to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

An Act to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, \.

and to substitute Rent-charges in lieu thereof - J 1 P name J* Section One from "provided that" to"permanent; and", and from " nor to any " to end of that Section.

Sections Two to Six.

Section Eleven from " Provided nevertheless " to end of that Section. Sections Thirteen to Fifteen.

Sections Sixteen and Seventeen, the words " or Exchequer in Ireland," and " or the Chief or Second Remembrancer, ".

Section Thirty, the words " or Exchequer in Ireland, ".

Sections Thirty-three to Forty-eight and Fifty-five.

Statute Law Revision (i\To. 2).

Ch. 96.

591

c. 110. An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in' in part. Civil Actions, except in certain Cases; for extending

the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of ^in part; namely, — Debtors; and for amending the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England -

Section Eleven from Provided also " to end of that Section.

Section Twelve from " after " to Act, ".

Section Thirteen from or in Cases " to from the Time appointed for the Commencement of this Act," and from Provided also " to passed Section Sixteen.

Section Eighteen from and all Orders " to " of the Court of Review in Matters of Bankruptcy," and from and by " to " Bankruptcy, ". Section Nineteen, the words Bankruptcy or ".

Section Twenty-one from Provided also, that no Order directing " to end of that Section.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for indemnifying those who have issued or acted under certain Parts of a certain Ordinance made under colour of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to make temporary Provision for the Government of Lower Canada.

An Act to amend the Law of Scotland in Matters relating to Personal Diligence, Arrestments, and i* in part; namely, — Poindings -

Sections Thirty-three, Thirty-four and Thirty-six.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act' to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years,

— and ends with the words, — Baronies respectively whereto the same may adjoin or wherein the same are locally situate -Section Two.

An Act to make certain Alterations in the Duties of the Lords Ordinary, and in the Establishment of Clerks and Officers of the Court of Session and Court of Commissioners for Teinds in Scotland, and to reduce the Fees payable in those Courts -

Section Two from " and upon " to end of that Section.

Section Three from and that " to such Rotation;".

Section Four from " Provided always " to end of that Section.

Section Six to present Issue Clerks;".

Section Nine from and so much " to end of that Section.

Section Eleven from on the Death " to end of that Section.

Section Fifteen from that all Causes depending " to formerly de-j pended :" and from such of " to as well as ".

j Section Sixteen from and so much " to end of that Section.

Sections Thirty-one and Thirty-two.

Section Thirty-four from and the whole " to end of that Section.

Section Thirty-five.

An Act to regulate the Constitution, Jurisdiction, and \# j Forms of Process of Sheriff Courts in Scotland -J1 P

Sections One and Seven.

i Section Twenty-seven from and provided also " to end of that Section.

I Sections Twenty-nine, Thirty-three and Thirty-six.

An Act for the Abolition of the Duties payable on the Coinage of')

Tin in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for giving Compensation in lieu of such Duties, and to reduce the Duties | Customs payable on Tin -i Except Sections Three to Five.

c. 111.

c. 112.

c. 114. in part.

c. 115. in part.

c. 118. in part.

c. 119. in part.

c. 120. in part.

>in part, namely, —

>in part; namely, —

Of'j

m- I

2 & 3 Vict. c. 1. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year') of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Relief V in part; namely, — of the aestitute Poor in Ireland - J Sections Ten and Eleven.

c. 2. An Act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

c. 3. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorize"] the immediate Distribution, — and ends with the words, — Tithea in 1 Ireland and to substitute Rentcharges in lieu thereof; and for | ' other Purposes - - -j Except Section Three from " Provided always " to " to be established by virtue hereof, '* and Section Five.

c. 5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 6. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fqnd to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

c. 7. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

c. 8. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing Part of an Act of the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Appointment to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

c. 11. in part. An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers against"! Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Fiats in V in part; namely, — Bankruptcy- - - -J Section One.

c. 16. in part. An Act for improving the Practice and Proceedings of "I the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Dur- V in part; namely, — ham and Sadberge - - - J Sections One to Seven, Nine and Ten. Section Eleven from " shall subject " to " therefrom, or ". Sections Twelve and Eighteen. Section Nineteen from "or Writ" to "as aforesaid, ", from "or such Sheriff" to "be had, ", the words "or Trial," and from "and the Verdict" to end of that Section. Sections Twenty-one and Thirty-five to Thirty-eight. The Schedule. The following Sections from and after the first day \ nMTieiv November 1875 - - - J n Sections Eight, Thirteen to Fifteen, Thirty and Thirty-one.

c. 19. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act"] to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years, — 1 and ends with the words, — although situate in the r P n J* County of the City of Waterford - J Sections Two to Four.

c. 21. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

c. 22. An Act to enable Justices of Assize on their Circuits to take Inquisition of all Pleas in the Court of Exchequer of Pleas which shall be brought before them without a Special Commission for that Purpose. From and after the first day of November 1870.

c. 23. A An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper made in the United Kingdom.

1874.

c. 26. An Act to provide for the Enactment of certain Laws in the Island of Jamaica.

c. 27. in part. Al*£!'iXSF.Si *55r"T" Section Four.

c. 28. in part. Section Three.

c. 31. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Local Turnpike Acts in England and Wales which expire with this or the ensuing Session of Parliament.

c. 32. An Act to continue, until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

c. 34. An Act to confirm certain Rules and Orders of the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Madras'; and to empower the same Courts, and the Supreme Court of Judicature of Bombay, to make Rules and Orders concerning Pleadings. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 36. in part. An Act to regulate the Duties to be performed by the 1 Judges in the Supreme Courts of Scotland, and to vin part; namely, — increase the Salaries of certain of the said Judges - J Sections Four and Five. Section Nine to " Provided always, that ". Sections Fourteen and Sixteen.

c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend, and extend until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

c. 40. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Highways and Turnpike Roads in England and Wales.

c. 43. An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 44. An Act to prevent, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Ships clearing out from a British North American Port loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck.

c. 45. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years "I of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the > in part; namely, — Fourth relating to Highways - J Section Three.

c. 47. in part. An Act for further improving the Police in and near! . the Metropolis - - _} m part; namely, - Section Three. Section Four to " of the said Act Section Six from " and also " to end of that Section. Section Twenty. Section Twenty-one from " and that " to end of that Section. Section Twenty-four. Sections Thirty-nine and Forty, the word " usually " (wherever it occurs). Section Forty-four from " Provided " to end of that Section. Section Forty-nine. Section Fifty-six to " next". Section Eighty. 3D 3

c. 49. in part.

c. 50. in part.

c. 51. in part.

c. 55.

c. 56. in part.

c. 5/.

c. 58. in part.

c. 59. in part.

c. 61. in part.

c. 62. in part.

c. 64.

c. 67. in part.

An Act to make better Provision for the Assignment of')

Ecclesiastical Districts to Churches or Chapels aug- I i

mented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen

Anne; and for other Purposes -

Section One to " repealed; and

An Act the title of .which begins with the words, — An"

Act to extend and amend the Provisions of the Acts 1

for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works impart; namely, —

in Ireland, — and ends with the words s — Parochial

Assessments- - - -J

Sections One, Two, Seven, Twenty, Twenty-one and Twenty-seven.

An Act to regulate the Payment and Assignment in 1

certain Cases of Pensions granted for Service in Her i* in part; namely, Majesty's Army, Navy, Royal Marines, and Ordnance J Sections One and Five.

An Act to suspend, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, certain Cathedral and other Ecclesiastical Preferments, and the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses upon the existing Ecclesiastical Courts.

An Act for the better ordering of Prisons -:—

Except Section Twenty-two and Section Twenty-three to " Lawso far as they relate to prisons or places of confinement to which 28 & 29 Vict. c. 126. does not extend.

An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the la3t Session of Parliament, for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution by Orders in Council any Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

An Act to make further Provision for the Admini-H strati on of Justice, and for improving the Practice I and Proceedings, in the Courts of the Stannaries of 1 .

Cornwall; and for the Prevention of Frauds by fmpart; naraei*v, - Workmen employed in Mines within the County of Cornwall -

Section Five to " and that ".

An Act for taking away the Exemption, except in ]

certain Cases, of Officers of the Militia to serve as }»in part; namely, —

Sheriff ..... J

Section One from " save " to end of that Section.

Section Three.

An Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the \.

River Shannon - - - J in pan;

Sections One to Thirty-five.

Section Sixty-nine from " and the Venue " to " by the Authority of this Act;" and from <f or shall " to " Place, ".

Sections Seventy-two, Seventy-three and Seventy-five.

An Act to explain and amend the Acts for the Com-\ .

mutation of Tithes in England and Wales - - J P

Section Thirty-eight.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law touching Letters Patent for Inventions -

Sections One and Three.

|-in part; namely, —

Ch. 96.

595

c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of August, — and ends with the words, — Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies.

c. 69. in part. An Act to authorize the Purchase or building of\. Lodgings for the Judges of Assize on their Circuits J m P J* Section Three.

c. 71. in part. An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis - - parc 'name1^ Section Three from "of" to "such other", and from "and also every " to " or Offices, ". Section Four. Section Nine from " the first " to " Actand so far as the rest of that section relates to the amounts of the salaries of the chief magistrate and receiver. Section Ten. Section Forty-five, the words "continued or ". Sections Fifty-four and Fifty-seven.

c. 72. in part. An Act for enabling Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius, ^| Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to hold Courts I ., i for Counties at large in adjoining Counties of Cities f P 9 and Towns, and conversely - - J Section Two.

c. 74. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An"| Act to extend and render more effectual for Five 1 naTT, pi_ Years, — and ends with the words, — preventing the f P administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland J Sections Five and Six.

c. 75. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the Constabulary \ namely Force in Ireland - - - J p Section Ten from " Provided " to end of that Section. Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-nine and Thirty-one.

c. 76. An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty.

c. 77. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Assaults in Ireland for Five Years.

c. 78. in part. An Act to make further Provisions relating to the Y- f Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis - - J 1 P Sections One to Ten. Section Thirteen from "and such" to " Evidence, ". Section Eighteen. The Schedule.

c. 81. | 1 An Act to authorize for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads in certain Cases.

c. 82. in part. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in\. detached Parts of Counties - .) w part; namely, -Section Four.

c. 83. An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Fourteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 84. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Assessment \ non10i and Collection of Rates for the Relief of the Poor - /in pan' namely' Sections Four and Five.

c. 86. i An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions to make Orders for the Support of Bastard Children.

c. 87. An Act for improving the Police in Manchester for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 88. An Act for improving the Police in Birmingham for Two Years, and to thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 89. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Scabs of Parliament.

c. 90. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve millions twenty-six thousand ud fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thouand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

c. 92. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the First and Second Yem of Her present Majesty, so far as relates to Fines and Penalties levied tmdff the Revenue Laws m Ireland.

c. 93. in part. An Act for the Establishment of County and District \. Constables by the Authority of Justices of the Peace J m P1*5 namdr, -Section One. Section Three from " or " to " which ". Section Five, the words " the Adoption of this Act, or ", Sections Nineteen, Twenty-one and Twenty-two. Section Twenty-three from "and if" to "under this Act, "and at words " out of the general Stock of the said County ". Section Twenty-five from " and all " to " been made Sections Twenty-six and Twenty-nine.

c. 95. An Act for improving the Police in Bolton for Two Years, and from then until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 96. An Act to authorize Her Majesty, until Six Months after the Commoa-ment of the next Session of Parliament, to carry into effect a ConTatii between Her Majesty and the King of the French relative to the Fuberis on the Coasts of the British Islands and of France.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 1. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalcm* His Serene Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha.

c. 3. An Act for enabling Her Majesty to grant an Annuity to His Soesr Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha.

c. 4. An Act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year Os thousand eight hundred and foriy.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so msfl of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year, — and ends with tkewonUr* relates to the Subject of Horse Racing.

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Paymeati the Army and their Quarters.

c. 7. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Ftsi to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

c. 8. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces whites shore.

c. 10. in part. An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Warts 1 __ and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor -J ' Except Section Fourteen to "accordingly," and from "to any Pa?* or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Compairr Companies, in " to end of that Section.

C. 12. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer Billa, foftr Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

c. 13. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Yean of the Re^n Her present Majesty, to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, *^ to substitute Rent-charges in lieu thereof.

Ch. 96.

597

c. 14. An Act to continue for One Year, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 15. in part. An Act further to explain and amend the Act3 for the\ ., Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales - J m name y, Sections Two and Thirty.

c. 17. in part. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties of Customs, Excise, \ and Assessed 'Paxes - - J ' Except Section One to " throughout the United Kingdom," and Section Six so far as such Sections relate to the additional duty or charge of j£5 per centum upon the produce and amount of the duties of excise.

c. 18. in part. An Act to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco, \. ., _OYrioi_ and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof - J Sections One, Sixteen and Seventeen.

c. 19. An Act for granting to Her Majesty an additional Duty of Customs on Timber.

c. 20. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act" to amend an Act passed in the First Year, — and ends with the words, — Agreements which have been >4n part; namely, — made in pursuance of the said Act; and for other Purposes -Section One.

c. 22. An Act to impose upon Broad or Spread Glass the same Duties of Excise that are payable upon German Sheet Glass.

c. 23. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

c. 24. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An 'J Act to repeal Part of an Act of the Forty-third Year 1 _orv, _ of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, — and ends with the | words, — further Provisions in lieu thereof - -J Section One. Section Two, the words " Writ of Tria For ".

c. 26. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Competency of Persons, being rated Inhabitants of any Parish, to give Evidence in certain Cases.

c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue to the First Day of August, — and ends with the words, — Persons born in Scotland and Ireland, and chargeable to Parishes in England.

c. 30. An Act for the more equal Assessment of Police Rates in Manchester, Birmingham, and Bolton, and to make better Provision for the Police in Birmingham, for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

. c. 31. in part. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of the ] several Acts relating to the Inclosure of Open and V in part; namely, — Arable Fields in England and Wales - - J Section Six.

c. 32. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

. c. 33. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to make certain Provisions and Regulations, — and ends with the words, — Bishops and Clergy other >in part; namely, — than those of the United Church of England and Ireland - Section Seven from " Provided " to end of that Section.

Ch. 06.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2). 37 & 38 Vict.

c. 35. in part.

c. 36. c. 37.

c. 39. in part.

c. 40. in part.

c. 42.

c. 44. in part.

c. 45.

c. 46. c. 47.

c. 48. in part.

c. 50. in part.

t

c. 52. i

I

I

c. 53

i

c. 54. in part.

An Act to re-unite the Provinces of Upper and Lower^ Canada, and "I __ for the Government of Canada - - - J '

Except Sections Twenty-eight, Twenty-nine and Sixty.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act for preventing Ships clearing out from a British North American Port loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, — and ends with tk? words, — dying in Service.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to authorize Trustees or Commissioners of]

Turnpike Roads to appoint Meetings for executing Vin part; namely, —

Twicfo in nAr+ain P.acpd _ _ _ J

their Trusts in certain Cases Sections One and Three.

An Act to amend Two Acts of His late Majesty King ]

William the Fourth, for the Relief of certain of Her fin part; namely Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies J Section Ten.

An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of King]

George the Fourth, for consolidating and amending i- in part; namely, - the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland -

Section Six.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — <r»d ends with the words, — Local Turnpike Acts for Great Britain which expire with this or the ensuing Session of Parliament.

An Act to continue for One Year from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the seven! Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne as prevents the Re-election of Mayors of Parliamentary Boroughs and other annual Returning Officers.

An Act to enable Proprietors of Entailed Estates in '

Scotland to feu or lease on long Leases Portions of the same for the building of Churches and Schools, and for Dwelling Houses and Gardens for the Ministers and Masters thereof -Section Eight.

An Act to provide for keeping the Peace on Canals and \., namely —

Navigable Rivers - _ jm part; nam,

Section Fifteen from " and all " to end of that Section.

Section Twenty-one.

An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to any Issue of Her Majesty whilst such Issue shall be under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of such Issue.

An Act for vacating any Presentment for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in Dublin, and vacating any Contract between the Commissioners for rebuilding the said Gaol and the Contractor.

An Act for making further Provision for the Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners -Section Two from " and in " to " confined Section Three from 4' and in all " to acquitted on the Ground of Insanity Section Six.

inpart; namely, —

' j- in part; namely, —

c. 56.

in part.

c. 59.

in part.

c. 60.

in part.

c. 61.

in part.

c. 65.

in part.

c. 66.

in part.

c. 69.

c. 70.

C. 71.

c. 72.

in part.

, . c. 77.

in part.

b c. 78.

in part.

Section Seven from "so much of the said Act as relates to such Directions " to " that ".

Section Ten.

An Act further to regulate the Trade of Ships built 1

and trading within the Limits of the East India Com- > in part; namely, — pany's Charter -

Sections One to Seven.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Evidence in 1 .

Scotland ..... |in part; namely —

Section Five.

An Act to further amend the Church Building Acts - in part; namely, — Section Six, the words " enrolled and ".

Sections Eight to Eleven, Thirteen, Fourteen and Twenty.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the general Sale I.

of Beer and Cider by Retail in England - . | m part; namely, -

Section Fourteen.

Section Eighteen from "nor " to "recited Acts;" and from " on the " to " aforesaid, ".

Section Twenty-three.

An Act to improve the Practice and extend the Juris- \ diction of the High Court of Admiralty of England - /

Sections Ten and Twenty-four.

An Act to make Provision for the Judge, Registrar, *! and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty of in part; namely, — England -

Section One, the words " after the present Parliament, ".

Section Two to " and that ", and from " out " to " mentioned, ". Section Three to " Admiral, as the Case may be; and ", and from " and every such " to end of that Section.

Section Four to "Act, and ".

Section Five from " out " to " mentioned

Section Six from " and the Salaries " to end of that Section.

Section Ten, the words " being a Proctor of the said Court, ".

Section Eleven from " being " to " said Court," and from " be paid " to " and ".

Section Seventeen from " or " to " them, ".

Sections Nineteen and Twenty.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for Six Months, — and ends with the words, — Fisheries on the Coasts of the British Islands and of France.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

An Act to provide for the Solemnization of Marriages \ ,

in the Districts in or near which the Parties reside - J m P,

Section Six.

An Act for improving the Condition and extending the \., .

Benefits of Grammar Schools -/ m part; namely, -

Section Twenty-six.

An Act to provide for the Sale of the Clergy Reserves *

in the Province of Canada, and for the Distribution V in part; name.y, — of the Proceeds thereof -

Sections Eleven and Thirteen.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

Ch. 96.

Statute Law Revision {No, 2). 37 & 38 Via

600

c. 80. | An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eigh I hundred and forty-five, and from thence to the End of the then mi I Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtor in India.

c. 83.

i

c. 84. in part.

c. 85. in part, j

I

c. 86 .; in part.

c. 88. in part.

c. 89. in part.

c. 91. in part.

c. 92. in part.

c. 93. in part.

of \ .

_ >*iii.part;

namely, -

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, unti the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — exempting certu Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of file Law relating to Usury.

An Act for better defining the Powers of Justices within \ .

the Metropolitan Police District - - _ j-m part; namely, -

Section One.

Section Ten so far as it relates to returns and lists under 42 Geo. 3 c. 90.

Sections Fourteen and Sixteen.

An Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and \, Chimneys - -/ b

Section One.

Section Two to " and forty-two," and the words " or less than Fm Pounds."

Section Three from " from " to " Act " and the words " after sod Date ".

Sections Four, Five, Nine and Thirteen.

An Act for better enforcing Church Discipline - in part; namely.-

Section One.

Section Sixteen from " now " to " hereafter ".

Section Twenty-six.

An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables

Section Three to " and that, ", from " in which " to " force," and froa " Provided" to end of that Section.

Section Five.

Section Eight from " and the" to "said Rates;" and from "upd Receipt " to " Constable, ".

Sections Twenty-nine and Thirty.

Section Thirty-five from " Provided " to end of that Section. Section Thirty-six.

An Act to exempt, until the Thirty-first Day of De- ceinber One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as suen, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor -Section Two.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — Anl

Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds and I.

Abuses committed by Weavers, — one? ends with the j n P*1*' words, — then next Session of Parliament - -J

Sections One, Twelve and Twenty-nine.

Section Thirty-two so far as it relates to plea of general issue. Section Thirty-five from " and shall commence " to end of that Sect

An Act for enabling Courts of Justice to admit Non-l

parochial Registers as Evidence of Births or Baptisms, V in part; nanaN.^ Deaths or Burials, and Marriages -

Section One from " Provided " to end of that Section.

Section Seven from "according" to end of that Section.

Sections Eighteen, Nineteen and Twenty-one.

An Act to amend the Act for the better Regulation of \ .

Ecclesiastical Courts in England - - . J- m part; namtiy-

Section Three.

>in part; namely, -

o.98

c. 99

c. 100

c. 102 in part

c. 103 in part

c. 105. in part.

106.

c. 108. in part.

c. 94. An Act for facilitating the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery.

c. 95. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect certain Stipulations contained in a Treaty — and ends with the words, — Purposes of Trade with Her Majesty's Dominions, as the National Ports of such States.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 96. An Act for the Regulation of the Duties of Postage - in part; namely, — in part. Sections Four and Twenty-eight.

Section Thirty-eight from " and all " to end of that Section.

Section Forty-three from " and thereupon " to " Table, ".

Sections Sixty-eight and Sixty-nine.

Section Seventy, the words " or any Three of them " (wherever they occur).

Sections Seventy-two and Seventy-three.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads in certain Townships and Districts.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Court Houses in \__________,

Ireland - - J- m part; namely, —

Section Eight.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for making further Provisions relating to the Police in the Dis- > in part; namely, — trict of Dublin Metropolis -

Section One.

An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in"

Civil Actions, except in certain Cases; for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice in Ireland -

Sections Six and Nineteen.

Sections Twenty-one, Twenty-three, Twenty-four and Twenty-seven so far as they relate to the Court of Exchequer.

Section Seventy-seven from " and all Powers given to or Duties directed to be performed by the Court " to " same Court Section Seventy-nine.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions seven hundred fifty-one thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

An Act in

Sections Seventy-five to Eighty, Ninety-six, Ninety-seven and One hundred and one.

Section One hundred and five to " passed; and ".

Sections One hundred and six and One hundred and seven.

Section One hundred and thirty-nine so far as it relates to the Court of Exchequer.

Sections One hundred and forty-three to One hundred and forty-five. One hundred and forty-seven to One hundred and forty-nine, and One hundred and fifty-one.

Section One hundred and fifty-two from " and until " to end of that Section.

Section One hundred and seventy from "Provided also" to end of that Section.

E-ffo. 51. Price2(£] SE

in part; namely, —

Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations 1:, .

Ireland - - V . | m part; namely, —

c. 109. in part. Section One hundred and seventy-one, One hundred and seventy-two and One hundred and seventy-four. Section One hundred and seventy-six from " Provided " to end of that Section. Sections One hundred and seventy-eight. One hundred and eighty-two, One hundred and eighty-seven and One hundred and eighty-eight. Section One hundred and eighty-nine from " Provided '' to end of that Section. Section One hundred and ninety-nine from " and no Person " to " such Borough Fund Section Two hundred and four from " and in " to " thereupon Sections Two hundred and six to Two hundred and twelve, and Two hundred and seventeen. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An"] Act to annex certain parts of certain Counties of 1 _ ___i_ Cities, — and ends with the words, — Alienation of rin Part; m ef» Corporate Property in Ireland - J Section One from " Provided nevertheless " to " longer Sections Two to Seven, Eleven to Thirteen, and Fifteen.

c. no. in part. c. 111. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies - in part; namely, — Sections One, Two, Twenty-five, Thirty and Thirty-one. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — Legal | Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Com- ^-in part; namely, — panies against their own Members, and by such j Members against the Companies -J Section One. ScQtion Two from " shall steal *' to " Copartnership, or *\

c. 112. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 113. in part. An Act to carry into effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Eccle- > in part; namely, — siastical Duties and Revenues - J Sections Nineteen, Thirty-eight, Forty and Sixty. Section Sixty-six so far as it relates to the collegiate church of Manchester. # Section Eighty-one to " repealed; and *'. Sections Ninety-two and Ninety-four. The Schedule so far as it relates to Saint David's and Llandaff.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 3. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

c. 4. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Arrears of Tithe Compositions in Ireland, — and ends with the words, — substituting Rentcharges in lieu thereof.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Fourth Day of August, — and ends with the words, — and to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

c. 7. An Act to amend the Acts of the last Session for taking Account of the Population.

c. 8. An Act to reduce the Duty on Rum and Rum Shrub the Produce of and imported from certain British Possessions in the East Indies into the United Kingdom. CjjOCK

.1874.

c. 9. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of certain Local Turnpike Acts.

c. 14. in part. An Act to make good certain Contracts which have been or may be entered into by certain Banking and V in part; namely, — other Copartnerships - - J Sections Two and Three.

c. 17. I An Act to abolish Arrest in personal Actions commenced by Process of Subpoena at the Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

c. 19. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven^Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

c. 20. in part. An Act to alter and amend certain Laws relating to the\. # Collection and Management of the Duties of Excise - J 1 9 Sections Eight to Fourteen. Section Nineteen from " under the" to " Westminster, and ". Sections Twenty-two, Twenty-three, Twenty-five and Thirty-five.

c. 21. An Act for rendering a Release as effectual for the Conveyance of Freehold Estates as a Lease and Release by the same Parties.

c. 22. in port. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Liability of Lords ] and Peers of Parliament to Punishment in certain > in part; namely, — Cases of Felony - - - J To " and that ".

c. 23. An Act to suspend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-two the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 24. An Act to amend an Act to grant certain Powers to Heirs of Entail in Scotland, and to authorize the Sale of Entailed Lands for the Payment of certain Debts affecting the same.

c. 28. An Act to prevent Plaintiffs in certain frivolous Actions from obtaining their full Costs of Suit.

c. 29. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

c. 30. in part. An Act to authorize and facilitate the Completion of aT Survey of Great Britain, Berwick upon Tweed, and i-in part; namely, — the Isle of Man - - -J Sections Eighteen and Nineteen.

c. 31. An Act to provide for the Surrender of Premises formerly used for Court Houses, but no longer used for that Purpose, in Ireland.

c. 35. in part. An Act for the Commutation of certain Manorial Rights' in respect of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lands subject to I. ., such Rights, and for facilitating the Enfranchisement f of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure Section Six. Section Seven so far as it relates to the amount of the salary of a commissioner. Sections Twelve to Nineteen, Twenty-three to Thirty-two, and Thirty-four. Section Thirty-six from "the first Payment (except" to "Rights as aforesaid; . Sections Thirty-seven and Thirty-eight. Section Forty-three so far as it relates to any commutation therein referred to. Section Forty-four from " or in " to " before the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner," and so far as the rest of that Section relates to any objection. 3 E 2

c. 37. Section Fifty-one. Section Fifty-two from "but" to "or good Behaviour;", from "and whenever " to " interested therein and so far as the rest of that Section relates to the commencement of a rentcharge or to a schedule of apportionment. Section Fifty-six from " and whenever " to " of the Casefrom " and every" to "interested therein:", from "when such" to "aforesaid, or", the words "confirming such Apportionment, or" and " their Confirmation of the Apportionment, or ", and so far as the rest of that Section relates to a schedule of apportionment. Section Fifty-seven to " fit, ". Section Fifty-eight so far as it relates to a schedule of apportionment Sections Sixty to Sixty-three. Sections Sixty-five to Sixty-seven so far as they relate to a schedule of apportionment. Sections Sixty-eight to Seventy-one. Section Seventy-three from "subject" to "mentioned/* and from " pursuant " to " Reward Section Seventy-eight from " and for " to end of that Section. Section Ninety-three, the words " Award, Schedule of Apportionment, ", Section One hundred and one. Section One hundred and two from "the Words "Land" to " therein An Act for the more easy Recovery of Arrears of Compositions for Tithes from Persons of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, in Ireland.

c. 38. in part. An Act to afford further Facilities for the Conveyance and Endowment of Sites for Schools - - J m P*5 ely»" Sections One, Four and Sixteen. Section Twenty-two from " an Act passed " to " Scotland, or Section Twenty-three.

c. 39. in part. An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Eng- > in part; namely, — land - - J Section Three from " and that " to " shall remain in the Patronage of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being until a Successor shall be collated thereto Section Eight. Section Nine from " Provided always " to end of that Section. Section Twelve from " That " to " repealed; and ". Section Fourteen. Section Eighteen to " and that ", and from " provided " to end of that Section.

c. 41. Section Twenty-eight. Section Thirty from " and that" to end of that Section. Section Thirty-one. An Act the title of which beains with the words, — An Act to provide for the Payment of Debts, — and ends with the words, — Houses of Industry and Workhouses, in certain Cases, in Ireland.

c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof.

c. 45. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth' Years of the Reign of His late Mcgesty King William _ __ the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Laws Part» relating to Sewers -Sections Nine, Sixteen and Seventeen.

c. 49. in part. An Act to provide for repairing, improving, and re- \. building County Bridges - . - . j m part; namely, -Section Five.

c. 50. An Act to make further Provision relative to the Returns 'to be made by Banks of the Amount of their Notes in Circulation.

c. 52. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for facilitating the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery.

c. 53. An Act to apply certain Sums of Money to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of toe Laws relating to Usury.

c. 55. An Act further to continue, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, an Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

c. 56. in part. An Act for taking away the Punishment of Death in certain Cases, \ and substituting other Punishments in lieu thereof - - j Except Sections One, Four and Six so far as they relate to offences mentioned in 55 Geo. 3. c. 185. s. 7. and except Section Five to " Britain, ".

o. 58. c. 69. in part. An Act to amend the Law for the Trial of controverted Elections. An Act to authorize for One Year, and until the End"| of the then next Session of Parliament, the Applica- I . tion of a Portion of the Highway Rates to Turnpike | Roads, in certain Cases -J Section Three from " nor on " to end of that Section. Sections Six and Seven.

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

3 Vict. c. 6. in part. An Act to make further Provisions for the Adminis- \. ., tration of Justice } m part; namely, - Sections Two and Three. Section Six from " the Sum of One " to " Exchequer; and " (where those words first occur). Section Twenty-one. Section Twenty-five to " Westminster; and that", and from "after the Death " to " respectively, ". Sections Thirty-two to Thirty-four. Section Thirty-five to " either of them, ", from " (but subject and " to " General, ", from " the net " to " appointed under this Act, ", from " and the net " to " Chancery and from " and (except the Salary to end of that Section. Section Thirty-seven from " from " to " England " and the words " other than the present Vice-Chancellor." Section Thirty-eight from "and that Edward" to "respectively named;". Section Forty from " and Richard " to " respectively named Sections Forty-three to Forty-five. Section Forty-eight, the words " Masters in Ordinary, "," the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, and other ", mid " Masters and other ". Section Forty-nine from " (other " to " Ordinary), ".

c. 6. in part. Section Fifty-six, the words " after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, ", from " to be paid out " to " them, (but subject and without prejudice as aforesaid,) " and from " by the Governor " to " in every Year, ". Section Sixty-six. The following names of causes in the Second Schedule; namely, — The King v. Delamotte. Okey. Kent. Whitworth. The Queen v. Lane. Holt. and the sums of cash opposite thereto. The two last names or titles in the Third Schedule and the salaries set opposite thereto. The following Sections from and after the first day of November 1875; namely, — ' Sections Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-two, Twenty-three, and Twenty-eight to Thirty-one. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act"! to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year, — and ends with the words, — Countries out of His f " namely, Majesty's Dominions - -J Section Six.

c. 7. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period.

c. 9. An Act to provide for Payment of the Persons employed in taking Account of the Population in England.

c. 10. An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

c. 11. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 1. An Act better to provide for the Application to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one of the Sums granted in the Two last Sessions of Parliament.

c. 3. An Act to confirm an Act of the Legislature of Van Diemen's Land for authorizing the Levy of certain Duties of Customs and on Spirits. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 4. in part. An Act to provide for the Increase of the Number of Bishoprics and 1 Archdeaconries in the West Indies, and to amend the several Acts v relating thereto - - -J Except Section One. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 5. An Act to continue to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

c. 6. An Act to amend an Act of Her present Majesty for vacating any Presentment for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in Dublin, and any Contract between the Commissioners for rebuilding the said Gaol and the Contractor.

c. 7. in part. An Act to explain the Acts for the better Regulation of\ certain Apprentices - - - J m Section Two.

c. 8. An Act to apply the sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to . the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two. i

1874. Statute Lem Revision (No. 2). Ch. 96. 607

o. 9. in part. — An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the"l Consolidated Fund to a limited amount for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of >in part; namely, — the Poor; and to amend the Acts authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the like Purposes -J Sections One to Three, Five to Eight, Ten, Twelve, Thirteen, Twenty-two and Twenty-three.

C. 11. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire as to the Issue, Receipt, Circulation, and Possession of certain forged Exchequer Bills.

c. 12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 13. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 14. in part. An Act to amend the Laws for the Importation of j.inpart* namely Sections One to Eight and Nineteen. Section Twenty-two, the words " or any Three or more of them," (wherever they occur). Section Twenty-eight from "by" to "shall be regulated," from "for the" to "said Duties;" and from "and shall on" to end of that Section. Section Thirty. Section Thirty-seven from "or to any" to "Cambridge respectively, ". Section Forty-five. The Table of Duties. The Schedule of Cities and Towns so far as it relates to the Counties of Rutland and Hereford, to Shropshire and Staffordshire and to the towns against which an asterisk is placed. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 15. An Act to impose an additional Duty on Spirits, and to repeal the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only, in Ireland.

c. 16. An Act to continue, until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

c. 17. An Act for preventing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-five. Ships clearing out from any Port in British North America, or in the Settlement of Honduras, from loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 21. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions one hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

c. 22. in part. An Act for consolidating the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and Marshalsea Prisons, and for regulating the V in part; namely, — Queen's Prison - - - J Section One from " and after" to end of that Section. Sections Two to Four and Eight to Fifteen. Section Sixteen to "repealed:". Sections Seventeen to Twenty-eight.

c. 23. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eighty hundred and forty-three, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

c. 24. in part. An Act for improving the Dublin Police - - in part; namely, — Section Two so far as it relates to turnpike roads. Sections Forty-one to Forty-four. Section Seventy-five from " or unless " to " Dublin;". Sections Seventy-six, Seventy-seven and Eighty.

c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the present and impose, — and ends with the words, — Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Ireland.

c. 26. in part. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Ec- \ , OTT, «_ cleaiaetical Houses of Residence - - part, namely, -Sections Three and Fifteen.

c. 27. in part. An Act for better enabling Incumbents of Ecclesiastical 1 Benefices to demise the Lands belonging to their > in part; namely, — Benefices on Farming Leases - J Section Seventeen.

c. 28. in part. An Act to assimilate the Law in Ireland, as to the*'] Punishment of Death, to the Law in England; to | abolish the Punishment of Death in certain Cases ^-in part; namely, — in Ireland, and to substitute other Punishments in I lieu thereof - - -J Sections Three, Twenty-two and Twenty-three.

c. 29. in part. An Act for establishing a Prison at Pentonville - in part; namely, — Section Three from " and that " to end of that Section. Sections Four, Five, Eleven, Twenty-three and Thirty-two.

c. 30. in part. An Act to provide Regulations for preparing and using T. d _ Roasted Malt in colouring Beer - - _JmP Section One, the words " from and after the Commencement of this Act ". Section Two to " forty-two ". Section Nineteen.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Committee appointed by the House of Commons, — and ends with the words, — whether such Bribery has really taken place.

c. 32. in part. An Act for better recording Fines and Recoveries in \ . n - # _ Wales and Cheshire - - - J J Section Two from " Provided always " to end of that Section. Section Three from " Provided also " to end of that Section. Section Six.

c. 34. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

c. 35. in part. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits"] arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and 1 ., Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand f P*5 namcv» eight hundred and forty-five - J Sections One and Two. Section Three to " and that ". Section Five from " the Directors " to " South Sea Company/'. Sections Twenty-five and Twenty-six. Section Thirty-five from " and from serving " to " dwell ". Section Thirty-nine, the words " Ireland, or " (wherever they occur). Section Fifty-four from " Provided also " to end of that Section. Section Eighty-eight, Schedule (C.), Rules from " and to " to w resident in Ireland, ". Section Eighty-nine so far as it relates to the South Sea Company. Sections Ninety to Ninety-two. Section Ninety-four from " the Bank of Ireland" to "respectively, ". Section One hundred. Schedule (D.), Fourth Case and Fifth Cue respectively, the words u in Ireland, or". Section One hundred and two, the words " in Ireland, or ". Section One hundred and six from "Provided always, that the" to end of that Section.

c. 37. in part. Sections One hundred and seven. One hundred and forty-three to One hundred and forty-five and One hundred and forty-eight. Section One hundred and seventy-two from " by quarterly " to " directed, ". Section One hundred and seventy-five. Section One hundred and seventy-six from w and the said " to end of that Section. Section One hundred and seventy-nine, the words " Contract of Composition, ". Section One hundred and eighty-three from " and for the careful " to " otherwiseand from " Provided also " to end of that Section. Section One hundred and eighty-six to "Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes: " and from " out " to " Duties ". Sections One hundred and ninety-three and One hundred and ninety-four. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One"] thousand eight hundred and forty-four Compositions 1 . # namely _ for Assessed Taxes; and to amend the Laws relating f r*11' to the Land and Assessed Taxes - J Sections One and Two.

c. 38. in part. An Act to define the Jurisdiction of Justices ini. # General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace - - jm P" Section One, the item of offences numbered 13, and from " Provided " to end of that Section. Section Five.

c. 39. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Advanoea bon&\. fide made to Agents intrusted with Goods - - Jm P*"; namely» Section Nine.

c. 43. An Act to confirm certain Proceedings which may have been had after the passing of the Act intituled An Act to define the Jurisdiction of Justices m General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

c. 44. in part. An Act for the Transfer of Licences and Regulation \ . #, __ of Public Houses - - - J 9 Section Four.

c. 45. in part. c. 46. in part. An Act to amend the Law of Copyright - - in part; namely, — Sections One and Thirty. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years 1 of Her present Majesty, for the Regulation of Mu- > in part; namely, — nicipal Corporations in Ireland - J Sections One, Two and Six.

c. 50. An Act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

c. 52. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Sudbury from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

c. 54. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for the Commutation of| Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the I _oW. 0i-Officers appointed under the said Acts for a Time | P*1 *9 to be limited - - - J Section One. Section Fifteen from "the Registrar" to "and after the passing of this Act ". Section Twenty-one.

c. 55. in part. A", ^C;"4LSS0", '' Rfita?, '"a Sections One, Three and Twenty-three.

c. 57. in part.

c. 58.

c. 60. c. 63.

c. 68. in part.

c. 70.

c. 72.

c. 73.

c. 74. in part.

c. 77.

c. 79. in part.

in part; namely, —

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July '

One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Poor Law Commission; and for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England -

Sections One, Three and Six.

Section Eighteen from "and so " to "Number in Ireland, ", from "or the" to "last recited, ", from " (except the said" to "Poorin Ireland) ", and from " or by " to end of that Section.

Section Nineteen to " Removal, ".

Section Twenty.

The Schedule.

An Act for further suspending, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, the Operation of the nev Arrangement of Dioceses, so far as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions.

An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three certain Turnpike Acts.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three an Act for carrying into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French relative to the Fisheries on the Coasts of the British Islands and of France.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An '

Act to amend, and continue, — and ends with the words, — Linen, Hempen, Union, Cotton, Silk, and fin part; namely, -Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, and for the better Payment of their Wages -Section One.

Section Four from " so much " to " thereof".

Section Seven.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Payment of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospitals

An Act to suspend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, an Act for amending the Law for the trial of controverted Elections.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years') of His late Majesty, to amend the Representation of I.

the People of. Ireland, in respect of the Right of j

Voting in the University of Dublin- - -J Sections One to Three and Eight.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable Grand Juries at the ensuing Summer and Spring Assizes, — and ends with the words, — Places recently annexed to Counties at large in Ireland.

An Act to repeal the Duties payable on Stage Carriages' and on Passengers conveyed upon Railways, and certain other Stamp Duties in Great Britain, and to >in part; namely, — grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties Section One.

Section Two from " for and in respect of every Licence " to " Carriage, and ", from " and also " to " printed," and from " and that all " k> end of that Section.

Section Four from " and every such " to " rendered as aforesaid Section Seven, the words " or Insolvent, ".

Sections Twenty, Twenty-six and Twenty-seven.

c. 80. in part. An Act to grant relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes in certain Cases, and to provide for the assess- I ., ing and charging the Property Tax on Dividends fin namev» payable out of the Revenue of Foreign States - J Sections One and Three.

c. 81. in part* An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Certificates to kill Game in Ireland I. in part; namely, — to the Commissioners of Excise - J Sections Four, Six and Nine to Eleven.

c. 82. in part. An Act to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting 1 . ., and managing the same, until the Tenth Day of | V8*1' 8018 October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five J Sections Forty-two to Forty-four.

c. 84. An Act to alter and amend the Practice and Course of Proceeding under Commissions in the Nature of Writs De lunatico inquirendo.

c. 85. An Act to amend the Law relative to legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the^ Companies.

c. 86. in part. An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue! Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for I. regulating the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer j P 9 in that Court - - - J Sections One, Three, Six and Eleven.

c. 88. An Act the title of *which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 89. in part. Aji Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Im- ] provement of Navigation and Water Power in con- > in part; namely, — nexion with such Drainage, in Ireland - - J Section Fifty-two 60 far as it relates to the Court of Exchequer. Section One hundred and thirty-eight from "and such Penalties" to end of that Section. Sections One hundred and forty-two and One hundred and sixty-two.

c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

c. 92. An Act to permit, until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, Wheat to be delivered from the Warehouse or the Vessel Duty-free, upon the previous substitution of an equivalent Quantity of Flour or Biscuit in the Warehouse.

c. 93. in part An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of Her! present Majesty, to discontinue the Excise Survey on I. Tobacco, and to provide other Regulations in lieu j thereof - -J Sections Nine, Eleven, Twelve, Fifteen and Sixteen.

c. 94. *n part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to! the Sendees of the Ordnance Department, and the I vesting and Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments >in part; namely, — for those Services, and for the Defence and Security I of the Realm - - - J Sections One to Four. Section Seven to " and that Section Nine from " and all " to end of that Section. I Sections Eleven, Thirty-five and Thirty-eight.

c. 95. in part.

c. 97. in part.

c. 98. in part.

c. 100. in part.

c. 103. in part.

c. 104. in part.

An Act for consolidating the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, Sheriffs Prison, Dublin, and City Marshalsea, Dublin, and for regulating the Four Courts Marshalsea in Ireland -Except Section One to " contained:" and Section Nine.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Double Costs,

Notices of Action, Limitations of Actions, and Pleas of the General (Issue, under certain Acts of Parliament -

Section Six.

An Act to amend the Laws concerning Prisons - in part; namely, — Sections Seven, Nine, Eleven, Fourteen and Seventeen.

Section Eighteen, the words " heretofore incurred, or hereafter to be", and from " Provided " to end of that Section.

Sections Nineteen and Twenty, the words " heretofore incurred or hereafter to be ".

Section Thirty-four.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to ] the Copyright of Designs for ornamenting Articles > in part; namely, — of Manufacture - - -J

Sections One and Two.

Section Three from " provided" to " Ireland, ".

Section Eleven from " and unless " to " Ireland, ".

Section Fourteen to " Clerks, Officers, and Servants; and, " and the words "and such Registrar shall have a Seal of Office."

Section Twenty-one.

Schedules (A.) and (B.).

|»in part; namely, —

An Act for abolishing certain Offices of the High Court \. # nR_ .

of Chancery in England - - j n

Sections One and Two.

Section Three to " Clerk; and from and after the said Twenty-eighth Day of October", and the subsequent words "from and after the said Twenty-eighth Day of October " (wherever they occur).

Section Four from " That" to " Act; and99.

Section Seven from " and also " to " Chancery, ".

Section Eight, the words " or Clerk of Affidavits, ".

Section Nine from " and every such Clerk shall be entitled under this Act to a " to " Annum

Section Ten.

Section Eleven to " of this Act " and the words " that from and after the said Twenty-eighth Day of October

Sections Twelve and Thirteen.

Section Fourteen from "or which" to "of compensation," and the subsequent words "the said Twenty-eighth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, or" and "(whichever shall last happen, )".

Sections Fifteen to Seventeen.

Section Twenty-eight from " and shall " to " Manner, ".

Section Twenty-nine.

Section Thirty from " at " to " fit, ".

Sections Thirty-three, Thirty-five and Thirty-eight.

An Act to explain and amend certain Enactments contained respectively in the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales and in Ireland

Sections Three to Six.

Section Seven, the words " and to have been" and from " Act), ".

Section Nine.

tel

in part; namely, —

' (unlew" to

c. 105. in part.

c. 106. in part.

An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to Bink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers

Section Eight from " Provided " to end of that Section.

Section Thirteen.

An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries - - in part; namely, —

Section One to " been passed:" and from " Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall repeal" to end of that Section.

Sections One hundred and four and One hundred and nine.

Section One hundred and ten from " and the Defendant " to "Authority of this Act Section One hundred and fifteen.

J-in part; namely, —

c. 108. in part.

c. 109. in part.

c. 111. c. 112.

c. 113. in part.

An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate and sole, to grant Leases for long Terms of > in part; namely, — Years -

Section Thirty-two from " and to " to " Man, ".

Section Thirty-three.

An Act for the Appointment and Payment of Parish! .

Constables - - - part; namely, -

Section One from " after the Expiration " to " Act, and ", and the word "following".

Section Two, the words " within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, and ", the word " following " (wherever it occurs) and from " within Eighty " to " Act and ".

Section Eight, the words " on the Three Sundays next before the Day limited for making their Return in this Year, and ", from "during " to " Year, and ", and the word " following " (wherever it occurs).

Section Eleven, the words "of such Number", from "as they" to "of the Parish)" and the words " as herein-after provided, ".

Section Fourteen, the words "and swearing".

Section Fifteen from " Provided " to end or that Section.

Section Sixteen from " and in the " to end of that Section.

Sections Eighteen to Twenty and Twenty-seven.

An Act to confirm the Incorporation of certain Boroughs, and to indemnify such Persons as have sustained Loss thereby.

An Act for suspending, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, Appointments to certain Ecclesiastical Preferments in the Dioceses of Saint Asaph and Bangor, and for securing certain Property to the said Sees.

An Act for Confirmation of certain Marriages in\; .__________.

Ireland ..... _jm part; namely, —

Sections Three and Four.

c. 115.

[c. 117.]

An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions one hundred and ninefy-three thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

An Act to amend and continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-two the Acts regulating the Police of Manchester, Birmingham, and Bolton.

c. 118.

An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Interest on a Loan of One million five hundred thousand Pounds to be raised by the Province of Canada.

c. 120. An Act for amending the Constitution of the Govern-in part. ment of Newfoundland

Sections Five, Six, and Eight to Eleven.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

l* j- in part; namely, —

c. 121. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-l two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 123. in part. An Act for amending until the First Day of August' One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and until the End of the then next Session of Parlia- >in part; namely, — ment, the Law relating to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland - - - Section Forty-eight from " and shall " to " Authority of this Act and from " or that " to " County, ". Sections Fifty-one and Fifty-three.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 1. An Act to enable Her Majesty to indemnify the Holders of certain forged Exchequer Bills.

c. 2. An Act to discontinue certain Actions under the Provisions of an Act of the Second Year of King William the Fourth, for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties.

c. 3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 4. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

c. 5. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

c. 7. in part. An Act to amend the Law affecting transported Con- . victs with respect to Pardons and Tickets of Leave - J Sections One and Six.

c. 8. in part. An Act to empower Justices of the Peace in Ireland to 1 act in certain Cases relating to Rates to which they > in part; namely, — are chargeable - - - J Sections Two and Three.

c. 11. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Sudbury from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

c. 12. in part. An Act for the more convenient holding of Coroners 1 . Inquests - - - . part; namel, Section Five.

c. 13. in part. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for thel Government of Her Settlements on the Coast of > in part; namely, — Africa and in the Falkland Islands - J Section Three.

c. 17. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine Millions and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

c. 18. in part. An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of" Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of voting, and to regulate certain Proceedings in the >in part; namely, — Election of Members to serve in Parliament for England and Wales -Section One. Section Two from " come " to " thenceforth ". Section Fourteen, the words " in the present and " and " succeeding Section Twenty-eight from " of lees " to " standing, or ". Section Forty-nine to " forty-three; and ". Section Fifty-nine from " and all " to " Ireland and from " and ever such Sum" to "Fund, ". Sections Sixty-one, Seventy-two and One hundred and two. Schedule (A.) Form No. 1.

c. 20. in part. An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown "1 Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regu- >in part; namely, — lating the Crown Office - - J Section One from " from and " to forty-four ", from " and from " to end of that Section and so far as the rest of that Section relates to One Assistant Master. Section Two to " Behaviour; and ", and from Provided " to end of that Section. Section Three, the word " Three " (wherever it occurs), from " or any Person " to abolished the word " absolutely " and from " and no " to end of that Section. Section Six so far as it relates to the Assistant Master. Section Seven from "and the Baid " to/* forty-four, and ". Section Eight. Section Nine from Provided " to end of that Section. Section Ten. Section Thirteen to and the said Officers, and ", from where " to *said Act, and", and from *and all Officers" to end of that Section. Section Fifteen so far as it relates to the Assistant Master. Section Seventeen, the words " from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-four ''(wherever they occur) and " and Assistant Master, ". Sections Eighteen and Nineteen.

c. 21. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

c. 22. in part An Act to authorize the Legislatures of certain of Her*) Majesty's Colonies to pass Laws for the Admission, 1 . , owol_ in certain Cases, of unsworn Testimony in Civil and f P Criminal Proceedings - -J Section Two.

c. 24. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An"| Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April, — and 1. _01*. _arnoi_ ends with the words, — Duties on Profits arising from f Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices - -J Sections One to Three and Nine.

c. 26. in part. c. 27. An Act for regulating the Prison at Millbank - - in part; namely, — Sections One and Thirty. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, certain Duties on sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

c. 30. in part An Act to amend the Law relating to Pound-breach \ and Rescue in certain Cases - j-m pan, namely, — Section Two, the words " or Insolvency, ".

c. 32. in part. I An Act to amend the Laws in force relating to Grand 1 July Presentments in Counties of Cities and Towns >in part; namely, — in Ireland - - J Section One from and that all " to quashed Sections Two and Three. Section Four from " or any Sums " to " issuable, ". Sections Sixteen to Eighteen and Twenty-seven.

c. 34. in part. An Act for the better Apprehension of certain Offenders - in part; namely, — Section Ten from " such as " to Sessions of the Peace, ". Section Eleven. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 35. An Act to amend bo much of an Act of the last Session, for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, as relates to Norfolk Island.

c. 37. in part. An Act to make better Provision for the Spiritual Care *1 of populous Parishes - - j Section Twenty-seven. in part; namely, —

c. 38. in part. An Act to make further Regulations for facilitating*! the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial in part; namely, — Committee of the Privy Council - J Sections Four, Six and Eight. Section Eleven from " and from 99 to " Westward thereof," and from " and all Causes " to " appealed from, ". Section Sixteen.

c. 39. in part. An Act for Confirmation of certain Marriages in \; n . ntnl>|T, Ireland ..... - J in pan; namely, - Section Two.

c. 40. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An *'] Act to amend the Laws for the Prevention of Frauds I. and Abuses, — and ends with the words, — Wages of f Pnamely, — the Workmen engaged therein - J Section Twenty-four, the words " the Informer or Prosecutor, or M. Sections Thirty-two, Thirty-six and Thirty-seven.

c. 41. An Act to continue to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Paniament, the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

c. 42. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and" Twentieth Years of King George the Third, for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases - Section Three. in part 5 namely, —

c. 43. An Act to suspend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four the making of lasts and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 44. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for carrying on Public Works in Ireland -:— Except Sections Fourteen and Fifteen.

c. 45. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, an Act for exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

c. 4/. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Pkriii-ment, an Act for amending the Law for the Trial of controverted Elections.

c. 48. An Act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

c. 49. An Act to reduce the Duty on Spirits in Ireland, and to impose other countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on the Removal of certain Mixtures and Compounds between Ireland, England, and Scotland respectively.

c. 54. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act" for extending to Ireland the Provisions not already in force there of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years, — and ends with the words, — and to explain and amend the said Act -Section Five. inpart; namely, -

(jjOCK

c. 55 An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

c. 59. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and, if Parliament be then sitting, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

c. 60. # An Act for suspending until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-four the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses, so far as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions.

c. 63. An Act for granting Relief to the Islands of Antigua, Saint Kitts, Nevis, Dominica, and Montserrat. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 65. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Copyright -n m name]y Section One. Section Two so far as it relates to 38 Geo. 3. c. 71 Section Seven to " repealed; and ". Section Twelve.

c. 68. in part/ An Act for regulating Theatres in part; namely, — Section One. Section Two to " as aforesaid, ". Sections Eighteen and Twenty-five.

c. 69. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

c. 71. An Act to make further Provision in respect of Grand Jury Presentments in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland.

c. 73. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending several of the 1 Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors practising yin part; namely, — in England and Wales - -J Section One to " always, ". Section Two from " or in the Court for " to " Debtors, ". Section Three from " on " to end of that Section. Section Five from " or take " to " Debtors, ". Sections Fifteen and Seventeen so far as they relate to the oath of allegiance. Section Twenty-two to " next " and from " and the " to end of that Section. Section Twenty-three from " in the Form " to end of that Section. Sections Twenty-five, Thirty-four to Thirty-six, Forty-four, Forty-five and Forty-nine. The First Schedule, The First Part. The First Schedule, The Second Part so far as it relates to the following Acts; namely, — 3 Edw. 1. c. 33. 3 Edw. 1. c. 42. 12 Edw. 2. c. 1. 15 Edw. 2. c. 1. 1 Hen. 5. c. 4. 15 Hen. 6. c. 7. 12 Geo. 2. c. 13. 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 25 Geo. 3. c. 80. 3 F 3 Pr»r*alf>

c. 74. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. (inaccurately quoted as 30 Geo. 3. c. 19.) 34 Geo. 3. c. 14. 37 Geo. 3. c. 90. 44 Geo. 3. c. 59. 49 Geo. 3. c. 28. 54 Geo. 3. c. 144. 6 Geo. 4. c. 16. 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 29. 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 56. 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 11. 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 7. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 16. 7 Will. 4. c. 12. 1 Vict. c. 16. 3 Vict. c. 16. 4 Vict. c. 11. 5 Vict. Sess. 2. c. 10. 6 Vict. c. 9. The Third Schedule. An Act to amend, and continue for Two Years, and to the End of the tha, next Session of Parliament, the Laws in Ireland relative to the registering of Arms, and the Importation, Manufacture, and Sale of Arms, Gnu-powder, and Ammunition.

c. 77. in part. An Act for regulating the Cathedral Churches of Wales - in part; namely-Section Five to " repealed; and that ". Section Eight to " Bishop of Bangor, and ", and from " provided " to end of that Section. Sections Nine and Ten. Section Thirteen^from "That " to "repealed; and ". Sections Fifteen and Sixteen.

c. 78. An Act for the further Regulation of the Offices of Chief and Second Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

c. 80. in part. An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's! nart. _ Subjects resorting to China - /In P 5 n&mwj-, Sections Two, Five and Seven. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 83. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Duties of 1- nart. naroftjT _ Coroners ..... - / pan; namely, Section Four.

c. 85. in part. An Act for improving the Law of Evidence - - in part; namely, — Section One from " Provided that this *' to " respectively; ''. Section Three.

c. 86. in part. An Act for regulating Hackney and Stage Carriages in and near London - ^mpar *, y, Section One. Section Two from " and the Word "Waterman '* '* to "for Passengers;". Section Three, the words " and to Watermen " (wherever they ocean from " and except " to " Commissioners," and from " Provided " to end of that Section. Sections Five and Six. Section Seven from " together" to "to such Carriage Section Eight from " and shall " to " suspended and so far ss the rest of that Section relates to a waterman. Section Nine. Section Ten from " or for " to " a Waterman, ", the words " or Watis* man ", and from " and every licensed " to " his Licence, *'. Sections Eleven to Thirteen. Section Fifteen from "and after" to end of that Section and so hr as the rest of that Section relates to a waterman.

619

Section Seventeen so far as it relates to a waterman. Section Twenty, the words " or for any waterman, ". Section Twenty-five so far as it relates to a waterman. Section Twenty-seven, the words "or as Waterman, ". Section Twenty-eight so far as it relates to a waterman. Section Twenty-nine from " to appoint " to " Standing, and also ", and from " every " to " also ". Section Thirty-four. Section Thirty-six, the words " or to Watermen, ". Section Forty-one so far as it relates to a waterman. Section Forty-eight.

c. 87. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for raising the Sum, — and ends with the words, — Relief to certain Islands in the West Indies.

c. 89. in part. An Act to amend the Act for the Regulation of\ . nnrnpi, __ Municipal Corporations in England and Wales / Section One from "which has" to "take place, ", from "heretofore made " to " made," and the words " or have been ". Sections Two to Four. Section Six to " and that ". Section Seven.

c. 90. in part. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Service of Clerks ] or Apprentices to Public Notaries, and for amending > in part; namely, — the Laws regulating the Admission of Public Notaries J Section Seven, the words " in addition to the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy," and from " And that " to end of that Section.

c. 91. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Re- \ . __ gulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland - J 1 Sections One and Twenty-nine. Section Fifty-five from " and every such " to end of that Section. Section Fifty-eight to " Proceeding; and ", and from " and in any " to end of that Section. Section Sixty-three.

c. 92. in part. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act for the \# _nrnpi, more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland/1 p Section Seven. Section Nine to "and that". Section Ten from " That the Provisions " to " repealed; and ". Sections Twenty-seven and Twenty-nine.

c. 93. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth'l Years of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of > in part; namely, — Municipal Corporations in Ireland -J Sections One, Ten to Twelve, Sixteen, Twenty-one and Thirty-two.

c. 94. in part. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Exercise of Power-] and Jurisdiction by Her Majesty within divers). ., Countries and Places out of Her Majesty's Domi- | P ' Y* nions, and to render the same more effectual - J Sections Eight and Nine.

c. 96. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting defamatory Words 1 m namely — and Libel - - J p ' Section Ten to " and that ".

c. 97. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Existence of Bribery in the Borough of Sudbury.

c. 98. in part. AnAo^for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave . namely Section Seven.

c. An Act to &ppiy a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 2. in part. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences commit- 1. # ted on the High Seas - - J in nam Section Five.

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to stay Proceedings, — and ends with the words, — Gaming, and to prevent any Proceedings being taken under those Statutes during such limited Time.

c. 6. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight millions out of the Consolidated Fond to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four.

c. 7. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence during this Session before either House of Parliament touching Gaming Transactions.

c. 9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 11. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on dhore.

c. 12. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to International 1 . w Copyright - - - _}mpart; namely, - Sections One and Twenty-one.

c. 14. An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions four hundred and seven thousand three hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four.

c. 15. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories in part; namely, — Section One. Section Two, the words " to serve upon any Jury, or ". Section Fourteen to " but ", from " and any " to passing of this Act," and the words " in either Case ". Section Eighteen to u and that ". Section Nineteen to " operation ". Section Twenty-eight to " and that ". Section Thirty-one from " nor " to " any Saturday Section Thirty-four from " that no " to " Law; and ". Sections Thirty-five, Forty, and Seventy-four.

. c. 17. in part. An Act for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners for the Relief of certain of Her Majesty's kin part; namely, — Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies - J Section One from " That so " to " repealed; and ", and from M except as " to end of that Section. Section Five. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 19. in part. c. 22. in part. An Act for regulating the Bailiffs of Inferior Courts - in part; namely, — Section Ten. An Act to amend the Laws now in force for preventing | Frauds and Abuses in the marking of Gold and Silver > in part; namely, — Wares in England - - - J Sections One, Eighteen and Nineteen.

c. 23. An Act to continue for Five Years an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Assaults in Ireland.

c. 24. in part. An Act for abolishing the Offences of forestalling,] regrating, and engrossing, and for repealing certain k in part; namely, — Statutes passed in restraint of Trade - - J Sections Two, Three and Five.

621

c. 25. in part. An Act to repeal the Duty of Excise on Vinegar, and to make the 1 Duties and Drawbacks now payable on Flint Glass the same as qn V Bottle Glass - - -J Except Section Two from " every " to end of that Section and Sections Three and Four.

c. 27. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for extending to >inpart; namely, — Ireland, — and ends with the words, — and to explain and amend the said Act -Section One.

c. 29. in part. An Act to extend an Act of the Ninth Year of King'] George the Fourth, for the more effectual Prevention 1. , ftTT, ai_ of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction | *>arc 9 of Game - -J Section Two.

c. 32. in part. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes, and fori giving to the Governor and Company of the Bank of > in part; namely, — England certain Privileges for a limited Period - J Section Eight. Section Nine from " and such" to end of that Section. Section Twenty-three from " the several Agreements " to " that Day " Section Twenty-nine.

c. 33. in part. An Act for facilitating the Collection of County Rates, "] and for relieving High Constables from Attendance I . _ ' at Quarter Sessions in certain Cases, and from certain j P* other Duties - - - J Section One from " from and " to "otherwise, then, ". Section Five from u so " to " Constable as aforesaid, ". Section Nine from "or under" to " Employment of the Poor, ".

c. 35. An Act to susDend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

c. 36. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

c. 37. in part. An Act to secure the Terms on which Grants are made"] by Her Majesty out of the Parliamentary Grant for the Education of the Poor; and to explain the Act J*in part; namely, — of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Ma- 1 jesty, for the Conveyance of Sites for Schools -J Section* Six.

c. 38. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, to con- "I solidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Vin part; namely, — Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland - - J Section One. Section Two from " Provided also " to end of that Section. Section lliree.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of October, — and ends with the words, — Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

c. 41. An Act to continue until the First Dav of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

622

c. 44. ia part. An Act to facilitate the disjoining or dividing of'] extensive or populous Parishes, and the erecting of 1 new Parishes, in that Part of the United Kingdom f P811' naxncv» called Scotland - - - J Section One to " and that Section Seventeen.

c. 45. ._ in part. An Act for the Regulation of Suits relating to Meeting*] Houses and other Property held for religious Pur- I poses by Persons dissenting from the United Church P8*5 806 of England and Ireland - - J Section Three.

c. 46. in part. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April Onel thousand eight hundred and forty-six. Compositions for Assessed Taxes; and to amend certain Laws re- fin part; namely — lating to Duties under the Management of the Com- j missioners of Stamps and Taxes -J Sections One and Two. Section Seven, the words " or any Three or more of them/'. Section Eight.

c. 47. in part. a An Act to amend and continue for Five Years, and to*] the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain 1 Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manu- r 5 factures in Ireland - J Sections One and Six.

c. 48. c. 49. in part. An Act to repeal certain Acts for regulating the Trade in Butter and Cheese. An Act for the better Regulation of Colonial Posts - in part; namely, — Sections One, Seven and Eleven. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 51. An Act to continue, until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

c. 52. in part. An Act to extend the Powers of the Act for the Ap-1 . ., pointment and Payment of Parish Constables - Jin P 9 Sections Two and Five.

c. 53. c. 54. An Act for Disfranchisement of the Borough of Sudbury. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

c. 55. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and explain the Acts for the Commu- tation, — and ends with the words, — Improvement of PaiT such Tenure Section Two. Section Four from " and on any M to end of that Section. Section Nine.

c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act further to stsy. until the End of the next Session, — and ends with the words, — during sum further limited Time.

c. 60. in part. An Act to provide for the Care and Preservation of Tra- \Ym lv _ falgar Square in the City of Westminster - -j P ' " Section Four.

623

c. 61. in part. An Act to annex detached Parts of Counties to the 1, Counties in which they are situated - .)m part; namely, -Section Four from " and that " to end of that Section. Sections Six and Eight.

c. 63. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-five an Act of the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty, for restraining for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions m Ireland.

c. 6/. in part. An Act to transfer the Collection of the Duty on 'I Licences to let Horses for Hire in Ireland from the [- . i Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners of | Excise ---- -J Section Four.

c. 68. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act' to suspend, until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — and for obtaining Returns >in part; namely, — from and the Inspection of the Registries of such Jurisdictions - Section One. Section Two, the words " granting Probates and Administrations or ". Section Five.

c. 69. in part. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fourth') Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His >in part; namely, Majesty's Privy Council; and to extend its Jurisdic- I tion and Powers - - -J Section Five from " and no " to end of that Section. Sections Six, Seven and Thirteen.

c. 71. in part. An Act for the better Administration of Criminal 1 . n. Justice in Middlesex - . } in part; namely, - Sections Three, Six and Seven. Section Eleven from t(after the Session " to " holden, and Sections Twelve and Seventeen.

c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

c. 77. in part. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifth and^ Sixth Years of His late Majesty as relates to the 1 Salary of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery; and f *5 to make other Provisions in respect of the said Office J Section One to " thereof " and from " which shall " to end of that Section. Section Two from " and the Allowances " to M now paid Section Three.

c. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for One Year an Act of the Second and Third Years, — and ends with the words, — preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

c. 81. in part. An Act for Marriages in Ireland; and for registering\, such Marriages J- in part, namely, — Section Fifty to " but that Section Seventy-seven from " and one " to Majesty Section Eighty-five.

c. 82. An Act to continue for Five Years so much of an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, as enables Justices to grant Warrants for entering Places in which Spirits are sold without Licence in Ireland.

c. 85. in part. An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construe- tion of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of >in part; namely, — Parliament; and for other Purposes in relation to Railways Section Nineteen from " Provided " to end of that Section. Sections Twenty and Twenty-six.

c. 86. in part. An Act for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors who have' omitted to enrol their Contracts; and for amending the Law re- 1 _ lating to the Enrolment of such Contracts, and to the Disabilities [: of such Clerks, in certain Cases -Except Section Four.

c. 87. in part. An Act to amend the Law for regulating Places kept 1 # namdv — for slaughtering Horses - - J P*; Section Eight from " and the " to end of that Section.

c. 89. in part. An Act for auditing the Accounts of the Commis-'| sioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land > in part; namely, — Revenues, Works, and Buildings -J Section One from " shall be deemed " to " heretofore and ", from " an Act of" to " force, or ", and from " Provided " to end of that Section. Section Two from " declared " to " Exchequer Section Four.

c. 90. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act"] for the Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, 1 — and ends with the words, — Laws in Ireland re- | 1 nam specting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions - J Section Six. Section Twelve to " under this Act " and from "and the Cost of " to end of that Section. Sections Thirty-four, Thirty-five and Forty.

c. 91. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to 1 t Turnpike Trusts in South Wales - - . f m part; namely, - Sections One to Twenty-three, Twenty-seven and Twenty-nine to Thirty-three. Section Thirty-five from " or if any " to " Months, ". Sections Thirty-nine to Forty-one. Section Forty-three to " determine; and ". Sections Forty-four to Forty-six. Section Sixty-two from " of the Commissioners " to " determined, ". Sections Sixty-five and Sixty-six. Section Sixty-seven from " for the said " to " determined," and the words " their or ". Section Seventy-six. Section Seventy-eight from "of the Baid Commissioners, or" to "determined, ". Section Eighty, the words " to the said Commissioners, or, after the said Commission shall have determined, ", from " for the said Commissioners " to " determined, ", the words " their or ", the subsequent words "the said Commissioners or ", and the word "respectively* (where it next thereafter occurs). Section Eighty-one from "of the said Commissioners" to "determined, ". Section Ninety-one from " at " to " afterwards ". Section Ninety-six from " Provided " 4o end of that Section. Section Ninety-nine from " and the High " to end of that Section. Sections One hundred and eight and One hundred and fifteen.

c. 92. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Office of) *n mrt. nwnclr — County Coroner - - - J in P*1 "v* Sections One, Twenty-three and Thirty-one.

625

c. 94. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act for making better \, Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes /1 P; e Section Twelve.

c. 96. in part. An Act to amend the Law of Insolvency, Bankruptcy, \, namely and Execution - - - J Sections Seventy and Seventy-one. Section Seventy-three from " the Word " Property " shall " to " Seal; and ", and the subsequent words " of the said recited Act and "," respectively " and " by the said recited Act and ", Sections Seventy-four and Seventy-five. Schedule (A.)

c. 97. in part. An Act for the more effectual Application of Cha-\. ritable Donations and Bequests in Ireland - - J m V*1; namev> Sections One, Thirteen and Twenty-three.

c. 100. An Act to supply an Omission in an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, for amending and continuing the Laws in Ireland relative to the registering of Arms, and the Importation, Manufacture, and Sale of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition.

c. 101. in part. An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating \ . to the Poor in England - e_) m part; namely, -Sections One, Nine and Ten. Section Twelve from " after " to " next Section Thirteen from " of an Act passed in the Forty-third " to " Kingdom, or " and the word " other Section Fourteen to " and that ", Section Fifteen from " Provided also " to end of that Section. Section Seventeen from " and that " to end of that Section. Sections Twenty-three, Twenty-seven and Twenty-eight. Section Thirty-two so far as it relates to powers of commissioners with regard to salaries of auditors. Sections Thirty-four and Thirty-seven. Section Fifty-one from "and where" to " a District School, ". Sections Fifty-two, Sixty-seven, Seventy-six and Seventy-seven. Schedule (A.)

c. 102. An Act to repeal certain Penal Enactments made against Her Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects.

c. 104. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and certain other Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 106. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the "j Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the > in part; namely, — County of Dublin - - -J Section One. Section Twenty-three from " Provided " to " distinctand so far as the rest of that Section relates to presentments for dispensaries. Sections Forty-nine, Fifty-two, Sixty and Ninety-eight. Section Ninety-nine from " and the Person to " to " Judgment and the words " shall be included in any such Applotment, or ". Sections One hundred, One hundred and thirteen, One hundred and fifteen?and One hundred and sixteen. Section One hundred and twenty-nine to " of the said County Sections One hundred and thirty-two and One hundred and thirty-three. Section One hundred and forty-three from "to be applied " to end of that Section. Section One hundred and forty-nine from " and all " to " shall direct Section One hundred and fifty-one from "and no" to end of that Section, and so far as the rest of that Section relates to plea of general issue.

626

Ch. 96.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2).

37 & 38 Vict.

C. 107. in part. Section One hundred and fifty-five bo far as it relates to venue. Sections One hundred and fifty-seven and One hundred and fifty-eight* An Act to regulate and reduce the Expences of the ] Offices attached to the Superior Courts of Law in Unpart; namely, — Ireland payable out of the Consolidated Fund - J Sections One and Two. Section Three from " and the said " to " respectively set forth, ", the words " and the said Assistants and Clerks," and from " and that the said principal and other Officers, and Assistants " to end of that Section. Sections Four and Five. Section Seven from " and that when " to " such Junior Clerk Sections Twelve to Fourteen, Sixteen and Seventeen. Section Nineteen to " Year; and that". Section Twenty-eight so far as it relates to any officers therein mentioned, except the Master, the Clerk of the Rules, and the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts at Dublin. Sections Thirty-four to Thirty-seven. Section Forty to " directed to be paid Sections Forty-one and Forty-two. Schedule (A.), the words "their Assistants and Clerks, ", "and Salaries "," Assistants, and Clerks respectively "," [Arthur Bushe, Esq.] " and " and Re-docketings ", from " to check " to " such Duties, ]" and from "Principal Assistant" to "[Mr. Richard Marlow]", the words "[Mr. Robert Cooper]", from "to receive and enter " to " Parliamentary Appearances;" and from " Assistant " (where it next thereafter occurs) to end of that Schedule, and the column for yearly salaries. Schedule (B.), the words "their Assistants and Clerks, ", "and Salaries"," Assistants, and Clerks respectively", "[The Honourable David Plunket]" and "and Re-docketings", from "to check" to " such Duties, ]" and from " PrincipaT Assistant " to " [Mr. William M. Mee] ", the words " [Mr. John Clancy] ", from " to receive and enter" to "Parliamentary Appearances;" and from "Assistant [Mr. James Lynam] " to end of that Schedule, and the column for yearly salaries. Schedule (C.), the words "their Assistants and Clerks, ", "and Salaries "," Assistants, and Clerks respectively "," [Robert Hitchcock, Esquire]" and "and Re-docketings", from "to check" to "such Duties,] " and from " Principal Assistant " to " Clerk [] " (under the head Rules Department), the words " [Mr. Arthur Greene] ", from " to receive and enter " to " Parliamentary Appearances;" and from " Assistant [Mr. William Yeo] " to end of that Schedule, and the column for yearly salaries. - Schedule (D.)

ts. 108. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Herl present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the)Irish Fisheries; and to empower the Constabulary >in part; namely, — Force to enforce certain Provisions respecting the Irish Fisheries - - -J Section Nine.

c. 109. An Act to indemnify Persons connected with Art Unions, and others, against certain Penalties.

---

[Table of local acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1874.

