THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

THIRTY-FOURTH & THIRTY-FIFTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1871:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And Published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1871.

CONTENTS

Page

A Table containing the Titles of all the Statutes Passed During The Session: —

Public General Acts - v

Local Acts - xiv

Private Acts - xxxi

Tables showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation: —

A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of chapter) showing their effect on former Acts - xxxiii

B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. - xlii

The Public General Statutes, 34 & 35 Vict. - 1

A List of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 701

Index to the Public General Statutes - 711

A

TABLE

CONTAINING

The Titles of all the Statutes passed in the Third Session of the Twentieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

34 & 35 VICTORIA — A.D. 1871.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta. 1

2. An Act to repeal Section Twenty-two of "The Juries Act, 1870." 2

3. An Act to empower Committees on Bills confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders to award costs, and examine witnesses on oath. 2

4. An Act to amend "The Stamp Act, 1870," in relation to Foreign Securities, Mortgages of Stock, and Proxy Papers. 3

5. An Act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax. 4

6. An Act to apply the sum of four hundred and sixty-two thousand five hundred and eighty pounds nine shillings and elevenpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand dight hundred and seventy and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one. 4

7. An Act to apply the sum of five million four hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two. 5

8. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of the West African Settlements to certain Offences committed out of Her Majesty's Dominions. 6

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters. 7

10. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 69

11. An Act to make further provision in reference to Loans obtained under the Poor Law Acts. 124

12. An Act to further amend the Law relating to Fairs in England and Wales. 125

13. An Act to facilitate Gifts of Land for Public Parks, Schools, and Museums. 126

14. An Act to provide for the vesting of County Property in the Clerk of the Peace for the County. 127

15. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. 128

16. An Act to amend the Act of the second and third years of William the Fourth, chapter seventy-five, for regulating Schools of Anatomy. 129

17. An Act to make provision for Bank Holidays, and respecting obligations to make payments and do other acts on such Bank Holidays. 129

18. An Act to amend the Law disqualifying Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors in practice from being Justices of the Peace for counties. 131

19. An Act for exempting persons professing the Jewish religion from penalties in respect of young persons and females professing the said religion working on Sundays. 132

20. An Act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two. 132

21. An Act to grant Duties of Customs and Income Tax. 133

22. An Act to amend the Law in Ireland relating to Commissions of Lunacy, and the proceeding under the same, and the management of the Estates of Lunatics; and to provide for the visiting and the protection of the Property of Lunatics in Ireland; and for other purposes. 135

23. An Act for re-vesting in Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, the Rectory of Newelme alias Ewelme, in the county of Oxford. 173

24. An Act for regulating the management by the Trustees of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland of certain trust properties for the said Church, and for other purposes. 173

25. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain for a limited time persons suspected of being members of the Ribbon Society, or of being concerned in the commission of any crime or outrage under the direction or influence of the said Ribbon Society in the county of Westmeath, or in certain adjoining portions of the county of Meath and the King's County; and to continue "The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870." 183

26. An Act to alter the Law respecting Religious Tests in the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, and in the Halls and Colleges of those Universities. 191

27. An Act to remove doubts as to the power of Trustees to invest Trust Funds in Debenture Stocks. 194

28. An Act respecting the establishment of Provinces in the Dominion of Canada. 195

29. An Act to facilitate the Payment of Dividends on India Stocks. 196

30. An Act for the further regulation of the Duties on Postage. 197

31. An Act to amend the Law relating to Trades Unions. 198

32. An Act to amend the Criminal Law relating to Violence, Threats, and Molestation. 208

33. An Act to explain and amend the Burial Acts. 212

34. An Act to extend in certain respects the power of Local Legislatures in India as regards European British subjects. 213

35. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings the property in and control over the buildings and property of the Police Courts of the Metropolis, and for other purposes relating thereto. 214

36. An Act to extend the provisions of the Pension Commutation Acts, 1869 and 1870, to certain Public Civil Officers, and to consolidate and amend the said Acts. 216

37. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Tables of Lessons and Psalter contained in the Prayer Book. 220

38. An Act for amending the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867. 239

39. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855, by adding to the exemptions from Part I. of the Act the Buildings of the New Foreign Cattle Market on the site of Deptford Dock. 241

40. An Act to alter and regulate the Proceedings and Powers of the Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland, and for other purposes. 241

41. An Act to amend the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847. 249

42. An Act to amend the Process of Citation in Scotland. 267

43. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 268

44. An Act to enable Clergymen permanently incapacitated by illness to resign their Benefices with provision of Pensions. 285

45. An Act for amending the Law relating to Sequestration of Ecclesiastical Benefices. 291

46. An Act for amending the Law relating to the appointment of the Gaoler, Chaplain, and Matron of the Prison of the City of Bath. 263

47. An Act for amending the Acts regulating the borrowing of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto. 294

48. An Act to repeal divers enactments relating to Oaths and Declarations which are not in force; and for other purposes connected therewith. 298

49. An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870. 314

50. An Act for disqualifying Bankrupts from sitting or voting in the House of Lords. 323

51. An Act to apply the sum of Ten million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two. 325

52. An Act for raising the sum of Seven hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two. 326

53. An Act to repeal an Act for preventing the assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of places in the United Kingdom. 327

54. An Act to settle a Boundary within which a vote may be taken for the adoption of the Local Government Act by the District of Kingsholm in the county of Gloucester. 328

55. An Act to amend the Law relating to Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics in Scotland. 330

56. An Act to provide further Protection against Dogs. 333

57. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Lands for improving the site of the Courts of Justice and the various Offices belonging to the same. 338

58. An Act to amend the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870. 340

59. An Act to amend "The Public Libraries (Scotland) Act, 1867," and to give additional facilities to the Local Authorities entrusted with carrying the same into execution. 341

60. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868. 346

61. An Act to amend the Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. 346

62. An Act to enable Her Majesty to make regulations relative to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops on furlough and medical certificates. 349

63. An Act to amend the Law respecting the granting of Charters in certain cases. 349

64. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert on his coming of age. 350

65. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Juries, in Ireland. 351

66. An Act to amend and define the Law relating to private Chapels, and to Chapels belonging to Colleges, Schools, Hospitals, Asylums, and other public institutions. 385

67. An Act to amend the Municipal Corporation Act of 1859, with respect to the division of Boroughs into Wards. 386

68. An Act to determine the Boundaries of the Barony and Regality of Glasgow for purposes of Registration. 387

69. An Act to enable the Board of Trade to dispense with certain provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, in respect of certain Provisional Orders. 388

70. An Act for constituting a Local Government Board, and vesting therein certain functions of the Secretary of State and Privy Council concerning the Public Health and Local Government, together with the powers and duties of the Poor Law Board. 389

71. An Act to aniend the Public Libraries Act, 1855. 393

72. An Act for the further protection of Purchasers against Crown Debts, and for amending the Laws relating to the office of the Registrar of Judgments and other offices of the Court of Chancery, Ireland. 394

73. An Act for making Regulations as to the office of Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster. 404

74. An Act to abolish Days of Grace in the case of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable at Sight or on Presentation. 406

75. An Act for enabling a further sum to be raised for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870. 407

76. An Act to amend the law relating to the Recovery of Small Debts and to Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland. 408

77. An Act to disfranchise certain Voters for the City of Norwich. 411

78. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Inspection and Regulation of Railways. 411

79. An Act to protect the Goods of Lodgers against Distresses for Rent due to the Superior Landlord. 424

80. An Act to explain and amend the Law relating to Industrial and Provident Societies. 425

81. An Act to abolish Reductions ex capita lecti in Scotland. 427

82. Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1871. 428

83. An Act for enabling the House of Commons and any Committee thereof to administer Oaths to Witnesses. 428

84. An Act to amend "The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870." 429

85. An Act to make further provision respecting the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in Her Majesty's Forest of Dean, and in the hundred of Saint Briavels, in the county of Gloucester; and for other purposes connected therewith. 430

86. An Act for the better Regulation of the Regular and Auxiliary Land Forces of the Crown; and for other purposes relating thereto. 438

87. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Prosecutions for Offences against the Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, chapter seven, intituled "An Act for the better observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday." 446

88. An Act to restrict during a limited time the grant by Justices of the Peace of new Licenses and Certificates for the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors by Retail; and for other purposes. 447

89. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 451

90. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Union of Benefices. 466

91. An Act to make further provision for the despatch of business by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. 468

92. An Act to amend the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. 470

93. An Act to amend the Act twelfth and thirteenth Victoria, chapter eighty-one; and to extend the provisions of that Act and The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, so far as regards that part of Waltham Forest known as Epping Forest. 470

94. An Act to amend Paragraph Three of the Second Schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1870. 476

95. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. 477

96. An Act for granting Certificates to Pedlars. 481

97. An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn. 400

98. An Act to amend the Vaccination Act, 1867. 499

99. An Act to amend the Procedure in the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland. 504

100. An Act to amend "The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870." 506

101. An Act to amend the Law respecting the proving and sale of Chain Cables and Anchors. 509

102. An Act to amend the Laws of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland. 513

103. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue. 518

104. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Factories and Workshops. 531

105. An Act for the safe keeping of Petroleum and other substances of a like nature. 535

106. An Act to make provision for the separation from Counties in Ireland of detached and isolated portions of Land separated from the same by the Sea, and for the annexation of such Lands to Counties more conveniently situated for parliamentary, grand jury, and other purposes; and also to provide for the presentment of moneys by Grand Juries in certain cases. 546

107. An Act for the Federation and general Government of the Leeward Islands. 548

108. An Act to regulate and control the Discharge of Paupers from Workhouses and Wards provided for the Casual Poor. 553

109. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Local Government of Towns and populous Places in Ireland. 556

110. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts. 575

111. An Act to amend "The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864," and for other purposes relating thereto. 580

112. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Crime. 582

113. An Act to amend "The Metropolis Water Act, 1852;" and to make further provision for the due Supply of Water to the Metropolis and certain places in the neighbourhood thereof. 596

114. An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 and 1861. 612

115. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further provisions concerning Turnpike Roads. 614

116. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. 638

117. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the several Charities founded by the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred, of Whixley in the county of York, Esquire, deceased. 698

[Partial table of local acts removed; full list printed directly after.]

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

P. i. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858" relating to the districts of Barton, Eccles, Winton, and Monton, Bognor, Bolton (2), Burton-on-Trent, Chippenham, Chiswick, Derby, Harrogate (3), Kidderminster (2), Merthyr Tydfil, Northern, Ryde, Stroud, Trowbridge, and Worthing; and for other purposes relative to certain districts under the said Act.

P. ii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to the Frith of Forth.

iii. An Act for making better provision respecting the Fees to be taken in the City of London Court; and for other purposes.

iv. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to complete their authorised Greenwich Line.

v. An Act to enable the Union Bank of Australia to sue and be sued in the name of a Public Officer; and for other purposes.

vi. An Act to authorise the Ilkley Gas Company to make new works; and for other purposes.

vii. An Act to enable the Tower Subway Company to raise additional Capital.

viii. An Act to authorise the construction of a new Public Road in the parish of Malden in the county of Surrey; and for other purposes.

ix. An Act for better supplying with Water the parish and borough of Louth and parish of Louth Park in the county of Lincoln.

x. An Act for the abandonment of a portion of one of the authorised Railways of the Lancashire Union Railways Company; and for other purposes.

xi. An Act for transferring to the Great Western and the Midland Railway Companies the powers of the Bristol Port Railway and Pier Company with reference to a portion of their Clifton Extension, for authorising the construction of new junctions and the abandonment of authorised junctions near Bristol, for conferring powers of user of portions of the undertakings of the three Companies; and for other purposes.

xii. An Act for extending the time for the construction by the North London Railway Company of certain works connected with their railway; and for granting various additional powers to the Company.

---

xiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Pontop and South Shields line of the North-eastern Railway to the Newcastle and Sunderland line of the same railway, in the county of Durham; and for other purposes.

xiv. An Act for better supplying Cradley Heath in the county of Stafford, and other places, with Gas.

xv. An Act for better supplying with water Sutton, Cheam, and other places in the county of Surrey.

xvi. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First as restricts persons from being at the same time members of the Royal Exchange Assurance and of the London Assurance; and for other purposes.

xvii. An Act to continue and incorporate the Sbotts Iron Company, and to enable them to raise additional money; and for other purposes.

xviii. An Act to enable "The Newport Pagnell Railway Company" to construct a new railway to join "The Bedford and Northampton Railway."

xix. An Act for better supplying with Gas the township of Westhoughton and other places adjacent thereto, in the county of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

xx. An Act to amend "The Rhyl District Waterworks Act, 1860 to increase the capital of the Rhyl District Water Company; and for other purposes.

xxi. An Act for incorporating the members of the Establishment or Society formerly held at Lloyds Coffee House in the Royal Exchange in the city of London, for the effecting of Marine Insurance, and generally known as Lloyd's; and for other purposes.

xxii. An Act to authorise the building on a new site of the district parish church of Saint John the Evangelist in Bradford in the county of York, and the sale of the old church and churchyard; and for other purposes.

xxiii. An Act for authorising the construction by the Corporation of Huddersfield of additional Waterworks, and for carrying into effect arrangements between the Corporation and the Commissioners of the Wessenden Reservoir, and for extending the limits of and amending the Huddersfield Water Act, 186 9; and for other purposes.

xxiv. An Act incorporating the Dunstable Gas and Coke Company, and authorising them to supply Gas and Water to the town of Dunstable and its vicinity, in the county of Bedford.

Table of the Statutes.

xxv. An Act to enable the Maryport1 and CariMb Railway^ Company to convert certain Pi'^feVenjcef Stoefc^ in the Company into Ordinary Stock; to raise additional capital1; and for other purposes. 1 i ' i

xxvi. An Act to enlarge the powers of "The Folkestone Waterworks Company."

xxvii. An Act to Extend the powferk of ^The Dhblin, Rathmines, Rathgar, Round-town, Rafchfarnham, and1 Rath-coole Railway Company, vfor the taking Of lands and for the completion of their undertaking; and for otheripnr-

POSW.

xxvii. An Act to amend The Boa^boint Gas Amendment i Act, 18545/ and to enable the Bofeton Gaslight and Coke Cara-pariy toJraise more money ? and for other puipo^es^, 1

xxix. An Act for making a Railway Worn tta^een Creek, in the county of Cork, to Curraghbinny, in the same county, to be1 called "The Cork Harbour and Curraghbinny /RaRx; Way/f and for other purposes.

xxx. An Act to enable the Cambridge University Arid Town Waterworks Company to acquire additional lands, and to repeal' some of the provisions of one of their existing* A qts j and for other purpbsosi

xxxi. An Act to effect a settlement of the; affairs of "The / Albert J*ife A^ujapce Company / by arbitration^ and for other pqrposps.

xxxii. An Act, to authorise the construction of a Bridge over the River Cam in the county of Cambridge, to be called "the Clayhithe Bridge/ with Approaches; and for other purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to enable the East Cornwall ft^ineral Railway Company to divert a portion of their Railway* anA for other, purposes.

xxxiv. An Act to inclose certain open Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands in and near the Borough of Stamford; and to provide a Recreation Ground; and for quieting the titles with respect to certain Encroachments; and for othet purposes.

xxxv. An Act for conferring further powers of the Corporation of the pity of.Glasgow in relation to their Gas Undertaking; and for other purposes.

xxxvi. An Act to authorise the Commissioners for executing and carrying into effect "The Glasgow Market and Slaughterhouses Act, 1865/ to raise a further sum of money; and for other purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to extend thei* Railway to Ballina; and for other purposes.

1871; Local Aqto,

xyxviiii Am Amt lor dissolving the Macclesfield, Bollington, and Marple Railway Company, and for transferring thfeir undertaking to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire and North Staffordshire Railway Companies jointly; and for other (purposes.

tttit. An Act for conferring various powers on the Manchester, SthfffielcJ, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, the . Grefrt' Northern, Railway Company* the Midland Railway x Company, and the Cheshire Xinfs Committee; and for other purposes, t

XL An Act to make better provision for the Supply of Water ttf the Borough of Batley in the West Riding of the County of York, and to aiithorisethe! construction of Waterworks by the Corporation of that1 Borough, and the sale of their share in the Dewsbury, Batley, and Heckmondwike Waterworks; and for other purposes. "

xii. An Act f to explain and amend certain enactments contained in the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, incorporated with the Belfast r Harbour Act, 1847; and for other purposes.

xlii. An Act to authorise the Ross and Monmouth Railway Company to attach a preferential dividend to a portion of their share capital.

xllil. An Act to abandon one of the railways authorised by "The Muswell Hill Estate and Railways Act, 1866," and part of another of the said railways; and t6 extend.-thfr time for the purchase Of land and for the construction of so much of the said railways as are not to be abandoned; and for other purposes.

xliv. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Police and Improvement of the town of Greenock, and for vesting the existing Gasworks there in the Board 6f Police of the town, and for authorising the Board to make tow Gasworks; and for other purposes.

xlv. An Act to confirm the purchase of the undertaking of the Hkley Waterworks Company, and to authorise the construction of new Waterworks by the Local Board for the towpsnij) of IJkley, and to authorise the said Local Board to provide a Recreation Ground; and for other purposes.

xlvi. An Act to vest the, Swansea and Carmarthen Lines Undertakings of the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company tin a new Company, and to confer powers upon both the said Companies with reference to their respective undertakings; and ^or other purposes.

xlvii. An act to grant further powers to the Metropolitan Railway Company.

Table of the Statutes. 34 & 35 Vict.

xlviii. An Act to authorise the construction of Railways and a Dock in the county of Northumberland, to be called "The Scotswood, Newbura, and Wylam Railway and Dock."

xlix. An Act to extend the time granted to the Wye Valley Railway Company for the construction of their Railway.

L An Act for dissolving the Hailsham Cattle Market Company, Limited, and re-incoroprating the proprietors therein for continuing and holding a cattle market in the parish of Hailsham in the county of Sussex; and for other purposes.

li. An Act to extend the time for constructing the Works of the Bromsgrove and Droitwich Waterworks Company, to reduce the capital of that Company, and to enable them to abandon a portion of their authorised undertaking.

lii. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Macclesfield, Knutsford, and Warrington Railway Company for the purchase of lands, and for the construction of their Railway between Macclesfield and Knutsford.

liii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Warrington Gaslight and Coke Company.

liv. An Act for the extension of Leadenhall Market in the city of London, and for the regulation thereof; and for other purposes.

lv. An Act for the extension of Billingsgate Market in the city of London; and for other purposes.

lvi. An Act for making a Railway from Yarmouth to Ventnor in the Isle of Wight, and a Tramway and Pier or Jetty at Yarmouth; and for other purposes.

P. lvii. An Act to confirm a scheme under "The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866," relating to Blackheath.

P. lviii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Curran, Hastings, Heme Bay, Hornsea, Northam, and Stornoway.

P.lix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858/' relating to the districts of Dawlish, Kingston-upon-Hull, Morley, Nelson, Sheerness, Skipton (2), Todmorden, West Derby, Willenhall, and York; and for other purposes relative to certain districts under the said Act.

P. lx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

P. lxi- An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Poor Law Board under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, with reference to the parishes of Shipton Olifle and Shipton Sollars in the county of Gloucester and to the parish of Dalton in the county of Lancaster.

xix

P. lxfci. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863/' and the Acts amending the same.

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm a scheme (Shepherd's Bush) under "The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866."

lxiv. An Act for amalgamating the Blackpool and Lytham Railway with the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock Undertaking of the Lancashire and Yorkshire and London and North-western Railway Companies; and for conferring upon those Companies further powers in connexion with the said Undertaking; and for other purposes.

lxv. An Act for enabling the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of the city of Manchester in the county of Lancaster to acquire additional lands; to raise further moneys; and for other purposes.

lrvt An Act to enable the Chorley Commissioners to obtain further lands for the Utilization of Sewage, and to make Sewerage Works; to erect a new Cattle Market and new Gasworks; to purchase the existing Market and Gasworks; to erect a new Town Hall and Public Buildings; to widen Streets; and to amend the Chorley Improvement Act, 1853; and for other purposes.

lxvii. An Act to revive and extend the powers for the compulsory purchase of certain lands, and to extend the time for the completion of the deviation railways authorised by the "Kington and Eardisley Railway Act, 1868," and to abandon a certain branch railway, and to enable the holders of mortgages and debentures to vote at meetings of the Company; and for other purposes.

lxviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway in Devonshire, to be called " the Sidmouth Railway and for other purposes.

lxix. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Branch Railway and to acquire additional lands.

Ixtt. An Act to revive and extend the powers granted by "The Fleetwood Docks-Act, 1864/' and to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to exercise those powers; and for other purposes.

hod. An Act for extending the Boundaries of the Burgh of Kilmarnock for municipal and police purposes; for regulating the Wards and the Election of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council within the extended boundary; for transferring to the Corporation the Property and Powers of the Town Improvement Trustees and of the Commissioners of Police of Kilmarnock, and for the extinction of those bodies; ,

Table of ike Statutes.

for constituting a Deatrof Guild Court for the Burgh transferring to and vesting in the Corporation the Undertaking of the Kilmarnock Gas Company; for authorising the Corporation* to purchase thq Waterworks of the Kilmarnock Water Company; to construct Waterworks and supply with Gas and Water the Burgh and adjacent districts; to construct new Streets and improve existing Streets; to provide a public Park and make arrangements with the Trustees of the late Alexander Kay; for defining and extending the Powers of the Corporation; and fot other purposes.

lxxii. An Act for making a Bail way from Festiniog in the county of Merioneth to the railway of the Cambrian Railways Company, in the parish of Uandecwyn in the same county; and for other purposes.

lxxiii. An Act to continue and enlarge the powers of the Acts relating to the Albert Bridge Company; and for other purposes.

lxxiv. An Act for extending the time limited for Compulsory Purchase of Lands by the Glasgow Improvements Act, 1866; and for other purposes.

lxxv. An Act for authorising the Gaslight and Coke Company to make a short connecting Railway from the Company's works at Beckton to the Great Eastern Railway, and for amalgamating the Equitable Gaslight Company with the Gaslight and Coke Company, and for amending the Metropolis Gas Act, 1860, and the City of London Gas Act, 1868; and for other purposes

lxxvi. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to abandon the construction of an authorised junction, and to acquire the undertaking of the Ayr and May bole Junction Railway Company; and for other purposes.

lxxvii. An Act for effecting a transfer to the Metropolitan Board of Works of the open space known as Hampstead Heath, and for enabling them to preserve, improve, and regulate the same; and for other purposes.

lxxviii. An Act to authorise and incorporate Commissioners to supply with gas the Royal Burgh of Perth, and districts and places adjacent, and to transfer to and vest in the said Commissioners the undertakings of the Perth Gaslight Company and the Perth New Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

lxxix. An Act For extending the powers of the Corporation of Sheffield in relation to certain matters of Police, and to increase the number of Councillors and Aldermen; and for other purposes.

Lotal Acts.

lxxx. An Act for dissolving the Sheppy Gas Consumers Company, Limited, and retinoorporatin^ the proprietors therein with others 3 for* more effectually; supplyii^g, \vitJ) gas Sheerness and other parishes, townshipe, and places, *^ in the Isle of Sheppy in the county of* KenAjj wd for.iOther purposes. 1 i, (1,

lxxxi. An Act to extend the time' fdr the completion of the East and West Junction Railway. ' 1

lxxxii. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Pohtypool, Caerleon, and Newport Railway Company; and for Other purposes.

lxxxiii. An Act for empowering the Company of Trttprietors ' of Lambeth Waterworks to execute further \forks, and for extending the limits within which they are authorised to supply water; and for other purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act to extend the limits within which the! Cleveland Water Company mhy supply water, and for empowering them to construct additional works and to raise additional capital 3 and for other purposes.

lxxxv. An Act to authorise the making of a l^ay from Scarborough to Whitby in the north riding of the, county of York; and for other purposes.

lxxxvi. An Act for conferring additional powerp on/ (he Midland Railway Company for thq Construction of Works, and for the raising of further capital, anci for other purposes in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other companies .:

lxxxvii. An Act to extend the powers of the Wicklow Copper Mine Company; apd for other purposes.

lxxxviii. An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways in and near the city of Dublin; and for other purposes.

lxxxix. An Act to authorise the construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of Edinburgh, Leith, and Portobello; apd for other purposes. '

xc. An Act to amend " The Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Act, 1839 and for other purposes.

xci. An Act to enable the Trustees of the port, harbour, and town of Whitehaven to make a Wet Dock at Whitehaven, with railway approaches thereto; and for other purposes.

xcii. An Act for amending the Abergavenny Improvement Act, 1860 3 and for other purposes.

xciii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Arbroath to supply with Gas the town of Arbroath, and to transfer to and vest in, them the undertaking of the Arbroath Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

xciv. An Act to authorise and empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Bradford in the west riding of the county of York to purchase the Undertaking of the Bradford Gaslight Company; to enable the Company to sell the same; to take Lands for defecating the sewage of the borough; and for other purposes.

xcv. An Act for authorising the construction of Street Tramways in the town of Greenock; and for other purposes.

xcvi. An Act for making a Railway from the West Somerset Railway at Watchet to Minehead in the county of Somerset; and for other purposes.

P. xcvii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Coatham, Hythe (Southampton), Johnshaven, Newlyn, Redcar, and Cork.

xcviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Aberdeen Harbour Commissioners.

xcix. An Act for making a Railway from Helmsdale in the county of Sutherland to Wick in the county of Caithness, with a Branch to Thurso, to be called "The Sutherland and Caithness Railway and for other purposes.

C. An Act to enable the Local Board for the district of Ince in Makerfield to provide a supply of Water for the district and its neighbourhood; and for other purposes.

cL An Act to confer further Powers upon the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cii. An Act to authorise the Magistrates and Town Council of Forfar to supply with Gas the town of Forfar and districts and places adjacent, and to transfer to them the Works and Undertaking of the Forfar Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

ciii. An Act for vesting the Undertaking of the Cork and Limerick Direct Railway Company in the Great Southern and Western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

civ. An Act for confirming agreements made by the Humber Conservancy Commissioners respecting Lands in the Rivers Humber, Ouse, and Trent, and for conferring various powers on the Commissioners; and for other purposes.

cv. An Act for incorporating the Kidsgrove Gaslight Company and extending their powers; and for authorising additional Works and the raising of further Moneys; and for other purposes.

CVI. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to make certain Deviations in the Railways and Works comprised in their Stobcross Undertaking, and to execute other Works; and to make provision with respect to the Sale of superfluous Lands; and for the consolidation

187L Local Acts.

of certain Ordinary and Debenture Stocks of the North British Railway Company; and for the Amalgamation with that Company of the Esk Valley Railway Company; and to authorise the raising of Money for the purposes of the Devon Valley Railway; and for other purposes.

cvii. An Act for confirming and amending the Charter of, and re-incorporating, the Society of Solicitors in the Supreme Courts of Scotland; extending and defining its Rights and Privileges; raising and securing a Fund for the Widows and Children of Members; and other purposes.

cviii. An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways from Glasgow to Paisley, Johnstone, and Govan, and from Port Glasgow to Greenock and Gourock; and for other purposes.

cix. An Act for making additional provision for the Supply of Water to the Burgh of Dundee and Suburbs thereof, and places adjacent; and for amending and extending the Acts relating to such supply; and for other purposes.

cx. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Corporation of Salford in reference to the Drainage and Improvement of the Borough; and for other purposes.

CXL An Act to grant further powers to " The Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company."

cxii. An Act for empowering the Great Western Railway Company to provide and use Steam and other Vessels; and for other purposes.

cxiii. An Act for amending the Cefn, Acrefair, and Rhosy-medre Water Act, 1866.

cxiv. An Act for conferring further powers on the London and North-western Railway Company for the construction of Works and otherwise, and also to sanction the construction of a Road by the Mold and Denbigh Junction Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxv. An Act for making a Railway from the Hereford, Ross, and Gloucester Railway, at Mitcheldean Road, to the Whimsey Branch of the Forest of Dean Railway; and other purposes.

cxvi. An Act for enabling the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Railways and other Works in the counties of York, Northumberland, and Durham, and in the borough and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other purposes.

cxvii. An Act to amend the Aldborough Pier and Railway Act, 1864, and to authorise the formation of a Railway in substitution for the Railway authorised by that Act.

cxviii. An Act to grant further powers to "The Chesterfield Waterworks and Gaslight Company."

Table of the Statutes.

cxix. An Act for incorporating the South Lancashire Waterworks Company, and for authorising them to construct Works for better supplying with Water certain townships and places in the county of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

cxx. An Act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of Margate Pier and Harbour to extend and enlarge their High-water Landing Pier or Jetty at Margate in the county of Kent, and to raise further Capital; and to enlarge the powers of the Company; and for other purposes.

cxxi. An Act for the incorporation of the Wharves and Warehouses Steam Power and Hydraulic Pressure Company; and for other purposes.

cxxii. An Act to enable the Governors of Bethlem Hospital to establish and maintain at Witley in the parish of Godalming in the county of Surrey a Convalescent Establishment in connexion with and as part of Bethlem Hospital.

cxxiii. An Act to authorise the Construction of the North British, Arbroath, and Montrose Railway.

cxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Vestry of the pariah of Richmond in the county of Surrey in relation to Sewage; and for other purposes.

cxxv. An Act to grant further powers to the Finn Valley Railway Company with respect to their Undertaking.

cxxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company and the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxxvii. An Act for better supplying with Water the parish of Staveley, and certain neighbouring parishes and places in the county of Derby; and for other purposes.

cxxviii. An Act to extend the Powers of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Dublin for the Purification of the River Liffey and the Main Drainage of the said city; and for other purposes.

cxxix. An Act to make better provision for the Drainage of Hornsey in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

cxxx. An Act for the consolidation and amendment of the several Acts relating to the Southampton Dock Company.

cxxxi. An Act to extend the powers of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxxxii. An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for erecting, maintaining, and supporting a Lighthouse on the Island of Little Cumray in the county of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde in North " Britain; and for rendering the Navigation in the Frijh and River of Clyde more safe and commodious."

Local Acts.

cxxxiii. An Act for better supplying with Water the towns of Musselburgh and Dalkeith, and districts and places adjacent, in the county of Edinburgh.

cxxxiv. An Act for better supplying Thirsk and Sowerby in the North Riding of Yorkshire with Gas.

cxxxv. An Act for the further Improvement and better Government of the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other purposes.

cxxxvi. An Act for better supplying Whitby and Ruswarp in the North Riding of Yorkshire with Gas.

cxxxvii. An Act to enable the Waterford and Wexford Railway Company to make Deviations from and Extension in their authorised Railway; to abandon a portion of their authorised Railway; to extend the time for the purchase of Lands and completion of Works; and for other purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Railway Station adjacent to the Holborn Viaduct and Newgate Street in the City of London, and of a short Line of Railway to connect the same with the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, and for other purposes, and of which the short title is " Holborn Viaduct Station Act, 1871."

fiTxrix. An Act for amending the Northampton Improvement Act, 1843, and for conferring cm the Commissioners thereunder additional powers; and for other purposes.

tatL. An Act to amend the Southport Improvement Act, 1865, and to provide for the better government of the Borough of Southport; to authorise the Corporation of Southport to erect Sewerage Works, to make new Streets, and extend the Promenade at Southport; to extend their Gas Limits and improve and enlarge their Gasworks, Cemetery, Town Hall, and Markets; to extend the Boundary of the Borough; and for other purposes.

CXII. An Act to extend the Municipal Boundaries of the City of Aberdeen; and for other purposes.

nrlii. An Act to authorise the Bristol and Fortishead Pier and Railway Company to construct Docks at Portishead, and to amend and enlarge the existing Acts relating to the' Company; and for other purposes.

cadiii. An Act for incorporating the Dorking Gas Company, and for enabling them to supply Gas within the parish of Dorking in the county of Surrey; and for other purposes.

P. cxliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Aldjebuxgh. Water, Bqgnor Gas, Bognor Water, Bmgess Hill and Saint John'p Common Water, Erome Water, Gisborough Water, JH&wkhgrst Gas, Heme Bay Water, Holywell Water, Knutsford Gas and

Table of the Statutes.

Water, Northampton Gas, North Middlesex Gas, Pembroke Docks and Town Gas, Portmadoc Water, Southbank and Normanby Gas, Southend Water, Staines and Egham Gas, Stourbridge Gas, and Taunton Gas.

P. cxlv. An Act to confirm certain Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Emsworth Channel and Swansea.

P. cxlvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the " Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867/' relating to the Burgh of Crieff.

P. cxlvii. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Owens College at Manchester; and for other purposes connected therewith.

cxlviii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Letterkenny Bail way Company with respect to their authorised Undertaking and their Capital

cxlix. An Act to define and extend the Undertaking of the Lincoln Waterworks Company; to authorise them to raise further Moneys; to effect a transfer of the Undertaking to the Lincoln Local Board; and for other purposes.

cl. An Act for enabling the East London Railway Company to abandon parts, and to alter the Levels of other ports, of their authorised Railways; and for other purposes.

cli. An Act for defining and extending the Powers of the Corporation of Huddersfield in relation to the Management of Streets in the Borough, and to Sewerage, and to Police, and other matters of Local Government; and for other purposes.

CliI. An Act to empower the Promoter of Columbia Market to make certain Street Improvements and Tramways in connexion with the said Market.

cliii. An Act for the Improvement of the Burgh of Dundee, and the Police thereof; and for constructing new, and widening, altering, improving, and diverting existing Streets in said Burgh; and for constructing Sewers and other Works; and for other purposes.

cliv. An Act for extending the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough of Burnley, for defining and extending the Powers of the Corporation of the Borough in relation to the Improvement and Management of Streets in the Borough, and to Sewerage and to Police and other matters of Local Government, and to Gas and Water Supply and Markets; and for other purposes.

clv. An Act to authorise the Sale of the Property of the Bradford Canal Company.

clvi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Bristol to subscribe to the Undertaking of the Bristol Port and Channel Dock Company; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

clvii. An Act for enabling the Liverpool Tramways Company to make new Tramways in Liverpool and its neighbourhood in connexion with and in extension of their authorised undertaking; and for other purposes.

clviii. An Act for the draining of Lands adjoining and near to the River Thames and its tributaries, in the counties of Berks, Oxford, Wilts, and Gloucester; and for other purposes.

clix. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the county of Surrey to provide a New Record Room and Offices for the Clerk of the Peace for the said county; and for other purposes.

clx. An Act for incorporating and granting further powers to the Todmorden Gas Company.

clxi. An Act for defining and extending the powers of the Corporation and of the Local Board of Health of Cardiff in relation to matters of Local Government; and for other purposes.

clxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Great Northern Railway Company.

clxiii. An Act to vest in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Waterford the existing Waterworks, and to enable them to construct new works for supplying the Borough of Waterford and places adjacent with Water; and for other purposes.

clxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Devon and Cornwall Railway Company in relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

clxv. An Act to enable the Navan and Kingscourt Railway Company to make a Deviation in and to extend their Railway; and for other purposes.

clxvi. An Act to make farther provision for the Maintenance and Improvement of Dover Harbour; and for other purposes.

clxvii. An Act for authorising the London and Southwestern Railway Company to construct Railways at Poole, Acton, and Southampton; and for conferring further powers ou that Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

clxviii. An Act for authorising the Sale of the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway to the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company; and for other purposes.

nlxix- An Act to authorise the Construction of Railways in the neighbourhood of Bradford in Yorkshire, to be called "The Bradford and Thornton Railways."

Table of the Statutes. 34 & 35 Vict.

clxx. An Act for conferring further power* on the Lanckshire and Yorkshire Railway Company.

clxxi. An Act for granting farther powers to the British American Land Company.

clxxii. An Act to facilitate the incorporation of The ilimng Company of Ireland, and to define and extend the Objects and Power* of the Company; and for other purposes.

clxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Neath and Brecon Railway at Devynock to j the Central Wales Extension Railway at Llandovery; and for other purposes.

clxxiv. An Act to extend the powers of the Sligo and Ballaghaderreen Junction Railway Company for the taking of Lands and the Completion of their Undei^aking^ for other purposes.

clxxv. An Act for authorising the making of a Railway from Birmingham in the county of Warwick to king's Norton in the county of Worcester; and for other purposes.

clxxvi An Act to extend the time granted, to the Burry Port and Gwendreath Vajley Railway Company for the completion of certain railways.

clxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Western Railway Company, the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company, and the South Devon Railway Company, With reference to the Cornwall Railway Company and the (1 Cornwall Railway Company and their respective undertakings; and for other purposes.

clxxviii. An Act for making a Railway in the county of 1 Kerry, from Killokglin to the Earranfore Station of the Great Southern and Western Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act to empower the North Metropolitan Tram* way si Company to construct hew Tramways; and for1 other purposes. 1

clxxx. An Act to extend the time for the completion by the Waterford, New Ross, and Wexford Junction Railway Company of their Railways between Bally william and New Ross, authorised by "The Waterford, New Ross, and " Wexford Junction Railway Act, 1866," and "The Waterford, New Ross, and Wexford Junction Railway (Devia- tion) Act, 1867." .

clxxxi. An Act for vesting the Management of the open space known as Wandsworth Common in the county of Surrey, in a body of Conservators, with a view to the preservation thereof; and for other purposes.

clxxxii. An Act to authorise the construction of the Ennis and West Clare Railway.

Local Acts.

clxxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool to make new and widen existing Streets, and to construct new works in connexion with their Waterworks; to make provision with respect to the further improvement and government of the said Borough; and for other purposes.

clxxxv. An Act for authorising the Sale or Amalgamation of the Undertaking of the Kent Coast Railway Company and for other purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act to enable the Leominster and Kington Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Bresteign; and for other purposes.

P. clxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The liocal Government Act, 1858/' relating to the districts of Acton, Altrincham, Bognor, Bolton (Lancashire), Harrogate (2), Henley-on-Thames, Kingston-upon-HulI, Litchurch, Malvern, Nelson, Over Darwen, Pensarn, Prescot, Ramsgate, Redcar, St. Leonards, Stamford, Tottenham, Ware, Widnes, and Wimbledon; and for other purposes relative to the district of Stamford under the said Act.

P. clxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Sewage Utilization Acts/'relating to the districts of Hillmorton and Hurworth.

P. clxxxix. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Tramways Act, 1870, for the construction of Tramways in Cardiff, Leeds, Yarmouth, and Wallasey.

OXC. An Act for making a Railway from Axminster in the county of Devon to Lyme Regis in the county of Dorset; and for other purposes.

eacct An Act to amend the " Alliance and Dublin Gas Act, 1866/' to confer further Powers on Hie Alliance and Dublin Consumers Gas Company; and for other purposes.

CXCII. An Act for confirming an Agreement for a Lease of the undertaking of the North and South Western Junction Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxciii. An Act for incorporating the Watford Gas and Coke Company, and for enabling them to supply Gas within the parishes of Watford and Bushey in the county of Hertford; and for other purposes.

cxciv. An Act to authorise the Harrow, Edgware, and London Railway Company to enter into Working Arrangements with the Great Northern Railway Company.

Table of the Statutes.

cxcv. An Act for authorising the transfer of the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Barnsley Canal Navigation to the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers of Aire and Calder in the county of York, and for providing a better supply of Water to the said Canal; and for other purposes.

cxcvi. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Bridgwater and other places in the county of Somerset.

cxcvii. An Act for improving the Access to the River Mersey on the Liverpool side, and to amend the Acts relating to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board; and for other purposes.

cxcviii. An Act for the Improvement of the Local Government of the town of Newry; for the construction and maintenance of new Waterworks; for supplying Water to the said town and neighbourhood; and for other purposes.

cxcix. An Act for making a Railway from the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway to the Alexandra Park.

cc. An Act for the making and maintaining of the West Lancashire Railway; and for other purposes.

CCL An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to divert their authorised Line and to connect it with existing Railways at Liverpool and Birkenhead; and for other purposes.

ccii. An Act for incorporating the London Central Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain the London Central Railway; and to make new Streets between Oxford Street and Leicester Square and between Leicester Square and Castle Street; and for other purposes.

cciii. An Act for the making and maintaining of a Railway from Aylesbury in the county of Buckingham to Rickmansworth in the county of Hertford; and for other purposes.

cciv. An Act for vesting the Management of Wimbledon Common (including Wimbledon Green and Putney Heath) and Putney Lower Common in the county of Surrey in a body of Conservators, with a view to the Preservation thereof; and for other"purposes.

ccv. An Act for authorising the Somerset and Dorset Railway Company to make a Line of Railway from their Railway at Evercreech to the Midland Railway at Bath, with a Branch to the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Radstock; and to raise further Moneys; and for other purposes; and of which the Short Title is " Somerset and Dorset Railway (Extension to the Midland Railway at Bath) Act, 1871."

ccvi. An Act to extend the powers of the Southern Railway Company for the taking of Lands and the completion of their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

Private Acts.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for authorising the sale of certain property com- prised in the trust disposition and settlement of the late John Brown, of Marlie, and investing the price in land to be entailed in lien thereof; and for other purposes.

2. An Act to authorise the Sale of a part or parts of the Lands and Estates of Lochbuy and Fishnish and others in the Island of Mull and county of Argyll, for the purpose of paying certain Debts due by the now deceased Donald Maclaine of Lochbuy, and by his Trust Estates, and of satisfying certain Provisions made by him in favour of his Children; or to charge parts of such Lands and Estates with portions of the said Debts and Provisions; and for other purposea

3. An Act to authorise the President and Scholars of Corpus Christi College in the University of Oxford to grant a Lease of part of their Estates situate in the parish of Temple Guiting in the county of Gloucester.

4. An Act for extending and varying the Provisions concerning Leases and Sales contained in the Acts relating to the Settled Estates of the Earl of Abergavenny; and for other purposes connected with those Estates.

5. An Act for enabling the Lessees of an Estate at Paddington in the county of Middlesex, with the consent of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to accept Surrenders of existing Leases of parts of the Estate, and to grant new Leases in lieu thereof; and for other purposes relating to the said Estate.

6. An Act to enable the granting of certain Leases of parts of the Estates in Lancashire devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward Geoffrey Earl of Derby, deceased, and to give certain powers with respect to the said Estates.

7. An Act to grant further Powers of Leasing and other Powers to the Rector of the Parish Church of Wigan in the county palatine of Lancaster, in relation to the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory; and for other purposes.

8. An Act for authorising Leases of the Settled Estates of Lord Howard of Glossop in and near Glossop Dale in the counties of Derby and Chester, and for other purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Glossop Dale Estate Act, 1871."

Table of the Statutes* 34 & 35 Vict.

9. An Act to authorise the granting of Building and Improvement Leases of the Estates in the county of Sussex devised by the Will of William Stanford, Esquire; and for other

10. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of 'Rmotby Bunton Wilson, Sub-Inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary, with Mary Hampton Wilson his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes,

/1. An Act to relieve Francis Thomas de Grey Earl Cowper, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, and the heirs for the time befing of the body of Richard Earl of Desmond in the peerage of Ireland and Lord Dingwall in the peerage of Scotland, and the-heirs for the time being of the body of Tlmmas Earl of Ossoary in the peerage of Ireland and Lord Butler of Moore Park in the peerage of England, from the effect of the attainder of James second Duke of Ormond.

purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

. \ 4

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE TEAR'S LEGISLATION.

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter) showing their effect on forrtier Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Aits of 34 & 35 Vict.

(A.)

Aotfi of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter) showing their effect on former Acts.

Ch.

1. Princess Louise's Annuity.

[U.K.]

2. Juries Act (1870) Amendment [E.]

Repeals section 22 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 77. relating to the payment of jurors.

3. Provisional Orders Bills (Committees) [U.K.]

Repeals 33 & 34 Vict. c. 1.

4. Stamp Act (1870) Amendment [U.K.]

Repeals sections 113, 114 of 33 & 34 Vict c. 97. as to foreign securities, &c.

5. Income Tax Assessment [U.K.]

Applies existing Acts relating to Income Tax.

6. Consolidated Fund (462, 580/. 9*. lid.) [U.K.]

7. Consolidated Fund (5, 411, 900/.) [U.K.]

8. West African Settlements.

[C.]

9. Mutiny [U.K.]

Applies 26 & 27 Vict c. 57., Regimental Debts.

Repeals sections 9, 10 of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 34., Army Enlistment

10. Marine Mutiny.

[U.K.]

Jl. Poor Law (Loans) [E.]

Applies 4 &^5^4. c. 76^ | p<X)r Law Amendment.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 45., Union Loans.

12. Fairs.

[E.]

13. Public Parks, Schools, and Museums [E.]

Exempts gifts and bequests of land or money from the operation the Mortmain Acts, 9 Geo. 2. c. 36., &c.

xxxiv Effect of Legislation. 34 & 35 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ctl

14. County Property [E.]

Amends and applies 21 & 22 Vict. c. 92., County Property Conveyance. As to purchase of lands under 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97., Lunatic Asylums.

15. Metropolitan Poor Act (1867) Amendment [E.]

Amends and applies 30 & 31 Vict. c. 6.

16. Anatomy Act (1832) Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 75., Schools of Anatomy.

17. Bank Holidays.

[U.K.]

18. County Justices Qualification Amendment [E.]

Repeals section 33 of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73., Attorneys and Solicitors.

section 2 of 5 Geo. 2. c. 18., Justices of Peace.

19. Workshop Regulation Act (1867) Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 30 & 31 Vict. c. 146., as to penalties incurred by Jews for working on the Sunday.

20. Consolidated Fund (7,000,000l.) [U.K.]

21. Customs and Income Tax [U.K.]

Customs Duties on Tea continued.

Applies existing Acts relating to Income Tax.

22. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 13 & 14 Vict. c. 60., Trustee Act.

Repeals section 3 in part of 15 Car. 1. c. 53.

[Irish Pari.

6 Geo. 4. c. 53., Inquisitions of Lunacy.

: iryA'JV&r iprop.^ofwto,

sections 1, 2, 3 of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 48., J

23. Ewelme Rectory [E.]

Amends 10 Anne, c. 45. (Record edition), Regius Professorship of Oxford.

24. Irish Presbyterian Church [I.]

Recites 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42., Irish Church.

25. Protection of Life and Property in certain parts of Ireland [10

Continues and amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 9., Peace Preservation.

26. University Tests [E.]

Repeals in part 14 Car. 2. c. 4. (Record edition). Uniformity *

, 1 Geo. 1. st. 2. c. 13., Succession of the Crown.

; liSu!'}11*"*15*1*1 *

, 19 & 20 Vict. c. 88., Cambridge University.

27. Debenture Stocks [U.K.]

Recites 26 & 27 Vict. c. 118., Companies Act, 1863.

28. British North America (Canada).

[C.]

29. East India Stocks (Dividends) [U.K.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71., National Debt Act, 1870.

30. Post Office (Duties) [U.K.]

Repeals in part 3 & 4 Vict. c. 96., Postage Duties.

, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 79., Post Office Act, 1870.

Applies 3 & 4 Vict. c. 96.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85.

9, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 79 *

1871. Effect of Legislation. xxxv

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c._continued.

31. Trades Unions [U.K.]

Repeals 32 & 33 Vict. c. 61., Trades Union Funds Protection.

Applies the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

32. Criminal Law Amendment (Violence, Threats, &c.) [U.K.]

Repeals } Combination of Workmen.

section 41 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 100., Ofienoes against the Person.

Applies the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

33. Burial Law Amendment [E.]

Amends and explains 20 & 21 Vict. c. 81.1 u_., K.

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. /Bunal Acts *

34. India (Local Legislatures) [C.]

Extends powers of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 67., East India Councils.

35. Metropolitan Police Courts Buildings [E.]

Repeals in part section 16 of 10 Geo. 4. c. 44., 1

, section 7 of 2 & 3 Vict. c. 71., > Police (Metropolis).

, section 5 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 124., J

Applies 14 & 15 Vict. c. 42., Public Works.

Land Clauses Act, 1845.

36. Pensions Commutation [U.K.]

Repeals 32 & 33 Vict. c. 32.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 101.

37. Prater Book (Table of Lessons).

[U.K.]

38. Public Health (Scotland) Act (1867) Amendment [S.]

Amends and repeals in part 80 & 31 Vict. c. 101.

39. Metropolitan Building Act (1855) Amendment [E.]

Recites 32 & 33 Vict. c. 70., Contagious Diseases (Animals).

Amends 18 & 19 Vict. c. 122., Metropolitan Buildings.

40. PRIMmYE WE8LEYAN METHODIST SOCIETY OF IRELAND.

[L]

41. Gasworks Clauses Act (1847) Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 10 & 11 Vict. c. 15.

Applies Lands Clauses Acts, 1845 and 1860.

42. Citation Amendment (Scotland) [S.]

Amends Act of James V., 1540, c. 75.

43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Applies 17 Geo. 3. c. 53.,

21 Geo. 3. c. 66.,

7 Geo. 4. c. 66.,

1 & 2 Vict. c. 23.,

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106.,

28 & 29 Vict. c. 69.

[E.]

Benefices; Queen Anne's Bounty, &c.

44. Incumbents Resignation [E.]

Exempts from penalties under 31 Eliz. c. 6. and 12 Anne, st. 2.

c. 12., &c.

Applies 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106., Benefices.

45. Sequestration of Benefices [E.]

Applies 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106., Benefices.

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter), See . — continued.

46. Bath City Prison [E.]

Amends 28 & 29 Vict. c. 126., Prisons Act, 1865.

47. Metropolitan Board of Works [E.]

Amends and: applies 32 & 33 Vict. c. 102., 1 Metropolitan Board of, , 33 & 34 Vict. c. 24., / Works.

Amends 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management.

Applies section 3 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 98., Married Women's Property Act, 1870.

48. Promissory Oaths [U.K.]

Recites 29 & 30 Vict. c. 22., Qualification for Offices Abolition. Amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 72., Promissory Oaths.

Repeals Acts wholly or in part as in Schedule.

[These Acts will be found in their Chronological Order in Table 2?.J

49. Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment [I.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 110.

section 13 of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 81., as to Marriages of Jews. Provisions as to licenses for Roman Catholic marriages and for mixed marriages.

50. Bankruptcy Disqualification [U.K.]

Disqualifies bankrupts from sitting in the House of Lords.

51. Consolidated Fund (10,000,000?.) [U.K.]

52. Exchequer Bonds (700,000?.) [U.K.]

53. Ecclesiastical Titles Act Repeal [U.K.]

Repeals 14 & 15 Vict. c. 60.

54. Kingsholm District Boundary [E.]

Applies 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98., Local Government

55. Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) [8.]

Amends 20 & 21 Vict. c. 71., 1 T /c z\

25 & 26 Vict. c. 54.1) Lunac? (Scotland).

56. Dogs [U.K.]

Saves section 18 of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 134., Metropolitan Streets. Applies Summary Jurisdiction and Procedure Acts.

57. Courts of Justice (Additional Site) [E.]

Applies 28 & 29 Vict. c. 49., Courts of Justice (Concentration).

58. Life Assurance Companies [U.K.]

Amends and applies 33 & 34 Vict. c. 61.

59. Public Libraries (Scotland) Act (1867) Amendment [8.]

Amends and repeals in part 30 & 31 Vict c. 37.

Applies Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

60. Public Schools Act (1868) Amendment [E.]

Amends 81 & 32 Vict c. 118.

t

61. Election Commissioners Expenses [U.K.]

Amends 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses.

62. East India (Bishops Leave of Absence) [C.J

Amends 5 & 6 Vict. c. 119., East India Bishops.

63. College Charters [U.K.]

Amends Law respecting grant of charter for new college or university.

Effect of Legislation.

xxxvii

99

99

n

99

99

99

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter), Ac* — continued.

Cb.

64. Prince Arthur's Annuity.

[U.K.]

65. Juries (Ireland) [I.]

Repeals 40 Geo. 3. c. 72. (I.), except s. 7.,

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 91., except ss. 47, 50., I Jurors and Juries

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 8., f (Ireland).

2 & 3 Vict. c. 48., J

Section 179 in part of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108., Municipal Corporations (Ireland).

8 & 9 Vict. c. 67., Jurors Books (Ireland).

Section 87 of 12 & 13 Vict. c. 91., Collection of Rates, Dublin. Sections 109-117 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 113., Common Law Procedure (Ireland).

Section of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 75., Petit Juries (Ireland). Applies the Fines (Ireland) Act, 1851.

66. Private Chapels [E.j]

Amends the law relating to chapel belonging to a college, school, hospital, Ac.

67. Municipal Corporations Act (1859) Amendment [E.]

Amends 22 Vict. c. 35., Municipal Elections.

68. Glasgow Boundary [S.]

Recites 31 & 32 Vict. c. 64. (Land Registers, Scotland), and removes doubts respecting the Boundaries of Glasgow.

69. Metropolitan Tramways Provisional Orders Suspension [E.]

Dispenses with certain provisions of the Tramway Act, 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 78.) as to certain Tramways.

70. Local Government Board [E.]

Concentrates in one department the supervision of the laws relating to the Public Health, the Relief of the Poor, and Local Government.

71. Public Libraries Act (1855) Amendment [E.]

Amends and extends 18 & 19 Vict. c. 70.

72. Judgments (Ireland) [I.]

Repeals in part 7 & 8 Vict. c. 90., Protection of Purchasers (Breland)., , 11 & 12 Vict. c. 120., Transfer of Landed Property

(Ireland).

Applies 13 & 14 Vict. c. 74., Registrar of Judgments' Office (Irelan J)., 13 & 14 Vict. c. 72., Registry of Deeds (Ireland).

30 & 31 Vict. c. 70., Public Records (Ireland).

73. Clerk of the Peace (Lancaster County Palatine) [E.]

Repeals section 9 of 1 W. A M. c. 21. (Record edition).

74. Bills of Exchange.

[U.K.]

75. Telegraphs (Money) [U.K.]

Applies 31 & 32 Vict. c. 110., ")

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73., > Telegraph Acts, 1868-70.

33 & 34 Vict c. 88., J

76. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) [L]

Amends 22 Vict c, 14., Manor Courts (Ireland).

Amends law relating to certain offences within Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

Applies Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851, as to recovery of possession of small tenements.

d

xxxviii Effect of Legislation. 34 & 35 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

77. Norwich Voters Disfranchisement.

[E.]

78. Regulation of Railways [U.K.]

Amends and repeals in part 3 & 4 Vict. c. 97., "I Regulation of Rail-, , 5 & 6 Vict. c. 55., / ways.

, 7 & 8 Vict. c. 85., Construction of Rail-

ways.

Amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 119., Regulation of Railways.

Applies 10 & 11 Vict. c. 82., Juvenile Offenders.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 37., Larceny.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100., Offences against the Person.

Railway Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845.

79. Lodgers Goods Protection.

[E. & I.]

80. Industrial and Provident Societies [U-K.II

Amends 30 & 31 Vict. c. 117.

81. Reductions ex capite lecti Abolition.

[S.]

82. Church Building Acts Amendment [E.]

Amends 8 & 9 Vict. c. 70. and 14 & 15 Vict. c. 97., as to assignment of Consolidated Chapelry Districts.

83. Parliamentary Witnesses Oaths [U.K]

Repeals section 1 of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 78., Administration of Oaths by

Committees.

section 3 of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 3., Provisional Orders Bills

(Committees).

84. Limited Owners Residences Act (1870) Amendment [E. & I.]

Repeals sections 3 and 6 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 56.

85. Dean Forest (Mines) [E.]

Amends 1 & 2 Vict. c. 43., I.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 40., j Dean Forest.

59 Geo. 3. c. 86., as to recovery of gale rents in Dean Forest.

86. Army Regulation [U.K.]

Applies Mutiny Act to Volunteers when in training.

87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions [E.]

Amends 29 Car. 2. c. 7., Lord's Day Observance.

88. Intoxicating Liquors Licenses Suspension [E. & I.]

Amends and restricts issue of new licenses under —

9 Geo. 4. c. 61., Intoxicating Liquors (Licensing).

32 & 33 Vict. c. 27., 1 w.,

33 & 34 Vict. c. 29.* / Wine and Beerhouae8-25 Geo. 2. c. 36., Music and Dancing Licenses.

89. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

[U.K.]

90. Union of Benefices Acts Amendment [E.]

Amends 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 98.

91. Judicial Committee of Privy Council [U.K.]

Saves 3 & 4 Will. 4. o. 41., Administration of Justice (Privy Council).

92. Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act (1870) Amendment [L"

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 46.

93. Epping Forest [E.]

Amends and extends 12 & 13 Vict. c. 81., New Forest and Waltham

Forest.

Extends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 122., Metropolitan Commons.

94. Elementary Education Act (1870) Amendment [E.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

95. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues the following Acts (and Acta amending the same), as in Schedule: —

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

2 & 3 Vict c. 74., Societies, unlawful (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30., Survey of Great Britain.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Rates.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123., Lunatic Asylums (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict c. 90., Poor Laws (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

11 & 12 Vict c. 107., Sheep and Cattle Diseases.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal, &c. Estates.

17 & 18 Vict c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 36., Preservation of the Peace (Ireland).

23 & 24 Vict c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

25 & 26 Vict c. 97., Salmon Fisheries (Scotland).

26 & 27 Vict c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

27 & 28 Vict c. 9., Malt for Animals.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 92., Public Schools.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict c. 66., Malt Duty.

28 & 29 Vict c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121., Salmon Fishery.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

30 & 81 Vict. c. 126., Railway Companies (Scotland).

30 & 31 Vict c. 127., Railway Companies.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 141., Master and Servant.

31 & 32 Vict c. 32., Endowed Schools.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 76., Militia Pay.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

96. Pedlars Certificates [U.K.]

Repeals 33 & 34 Vict c. 72.

Applies 10 & 11 Vict. c. 14., Markets and Fairs Clauses.

Summary Jurisdiction and Procedure, and Petty Sessions (Ireland) Acts.

97. Military Manoeuvres [E.]

Applies Mutiny Act and Articles of War.

98. Vaccination Act (1867) Amendment [E.]

Amends and repeals in part 30 & 31 Vict. c. 84.

99. Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland) [L]

Amends and repeals in part 27 & 28 Vict. c. 99.

100. Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act (1870) Amendment [L]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 112.

101. Chain Cables and Anchors [U.K.]

Amends and repeals in part 27 & 28 Vict. c. 27.

d 2

t.

xl Effect of Legislation. 34 & 35 Vict.

Customs Duties, &c.

Inland Revenue.

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 35 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch. "

102. Charitable Donations and Bequests (Ireland) [I.J

Amends 7 & 8 Vict. c. 97. and 30 & 31 Vict. c. 54.

103. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Repeals in part 56 Geo. 3. c. lxxiii., Customs Widows Fund.

, 16, & 17 Vict. c. 107.,

sections 1, 10 of 18 & 19 Vict c. 96.

sections 4, 5 of 22 & 23 Vict. c, 37.,

in part 23 & 24 Vict. c. 22.,

section of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 110.,

section 58 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 97. (Stamps), so for as relates to the Customs.

Amends 23 & 24 Vict. c. 114., "

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14.,

32 & 33 Vict c. 24.,

33 & 34 Vict. c. 97.,

Exempts printers, publishers, Sec. of newspapers from liability on bonds executed under 60 Geo. 3. c. 9.

104. Factories and Workshops Acts Amendment [U.K.]

Repeals in part 7 & 8 Vict. c. 15., 1 v.

section 7 (m part) of 27 & 28 Vict c. 48., / J actones-

section 35 (in part) of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Convic-

tions.

in part 30 & 31 Vict. c., 146., Workshops.

Applies Factory Acts, 1833-1871.

Workshops Acts, 1867-1871.

105. Petroleum [U.K.]

Repeals 25 & 26 Vict. c. 66., 1 D.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 56'}Petroleum-, sections 8, 9 of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 69., Dangerous Goods.

Applies Summary Procedure and Jurisdiction Acts.

106. County Boundaries (Ireland).

[I.]

107. Leeward Islands.

[C.]

108. Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation [E.]

Amends 5 & 6 Vict. c. 57., Poor Relief.

Applies 5 Geo. 4. c. 83., Vagrant Act.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76., Poor Relief.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 6., Metropolitan Poor.

109. Local Government (Ireland) [I.]

Amends and in part repeals 17 & 18 Vict c. 103., Towns Improvement (Ireland).

Amends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90., Sanitary Act, 1866.

Applies 10 & 11 Vict. c. 14., Markets and Fairs Clauses.

Railways Clauses Act, 1845.

Sanitary Act, 1868, and Sanitary Loans Act, 1869.

110. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment [U.K.]

Amends and in part repeals 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

, , 18 & 19 Vict. c. 91.

111. Beerhouses (Ireland) Act (1864) Amendment [I.]

Amends 27 & 28 Vict. c. 35., Sale of Beer (Ireland).

Repeals section 2 of 6 Geo. 4. c. 81., and section 6 of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 67., as to Brewers Licenses.

Effect of LegielcUmu

xli

Table A. — Acts of 34 & 33 Vict (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

112. Prevention of Chime [U.K.]

Repeals 32 & 33 Vict. c. 99., Habitual Criminals.

section 4 (in part) of 27 & 28 Vict c. 47., Penal Servitude. Amends 5 Geo. 4. c. 83., Vagrant Act.

Applied 24 & 23 Vict. c. 96., Larceny Consolidation.

Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1868.

Summary Jurisdiction and Procedure Acts.

Fines (Ireland) and Petty Sessions (Ireland) Acts.

113. Metropolis Water [E.]

Amends and repeals in part 15 & 16 Vict. c. 84., Metropolis Water. Applies 28 & 29 Vict. c. 90., Metropolitan Fire Brigade.

114. Tramways (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 23 & 24 Vict c. 1521 and 24 & 25 Vict c. 102.

115. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E. & S.]

Repeals and continues Acts, as in Schedules.

Rej

section 2 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 28., Holyhead Roads.

section 75 of Geo. 4. c. 95., as to impounding of cattle.

116. Statute Law Revision [U.K.]

Repeals (with Savings) the Enactments described in the Schedule.

[These Acts will be found in their Chronological Order in Table BJ]

117. Tancred's Charities [E.]

Recites the 18th Report of the Charity Commissioners, dated 27th February 1871.

d 3

xlii

Effect of Legislation.

34 & 35 Vict.

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 34 & 35 Vict.

Note. — The Acts in this Table prior to the reign of George the First refer to the edition prepared under the direction of the Record Commission, intituled " The Statutes " of the Realm; printed by command of His Majesty King George the Third," in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commons of Great Britain," &c. The variances are shown in the footnotes.

The Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision Act are distinguished by the letters (s. l. r.) being placed after the chapter in the last column.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 85 Vict.

20 Edw. 3. 0) 20 Edw. 3. (2) - Oath of Justices -Oath of Clerks of Chan-

cery -Ordinance for Justices (Oaths) - > Repealed 48

20 Edw. 3. in part

46 Edw. 3. Repealed 116 (s.L.R.)

12 Ric. 2. in part - - *1 13 Ric. 2. stat. 1. in part - J Oaths - Repealed 48

James V, (1540), c. 75. - Citation (Scotland) Amended 42

1 Eliz. c. 1. -1 27 Eliz. c. 12. in part - - J 15 Chas. 1. c. 53. s. 3. in part Oaths, &c. - - Repealed 48

Lunacy - Repealed 22

(Irish Pari.)

13 Chas. 2. stat. 2. c. 1. - Corporations (Oaths) Oatns, &c. - - Repealed 48

14 (8) Chas. 2. c. 4. in part Repealed 26, 48 87

29 Chas. 2. c. 7. 1 W. & M. (4) c. 1. in part)Lord's Day Observance - Amended

c. 8. - - \, c. 18. in part -J Oaths, &c. Repealed 48

o. 21. s. 9. Clerks of the Peace Repealed 73

3W. &M.C. 2. - -1 7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 3. in part - j Oaths, &c. - - Repealed 48

8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 20. as. 62, 69. Bank of England, &c.

9 Will. 3. c. 27. - Hawkers and Pedlars -

c. 32.(*) . Duties upon Marriages, &c. - >- Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

c. 44. s. 35. - National Debt, &c.

1 Ann. c. 2. s. 6. (6) in part Crown and Government

c. 26. (7) Protestant purchasers of Repealed 48

forfeited estates in Ireland.

1 Ann. stat. 2. c. 21. (8) (except Oaths, &c. - Repealed 48

s. 3.)

(1) 18 Edw. S. stat. 4. in ordinary editions.

(2) 18 Edw. 3. stat. 5. in ordinary editions. (*) 13 & 14 in ordinary editions.

(4) Sess. 1. in ordinary editions.

(*) Chap. 35. in ordinary editions.

(6) 1 Ann. stat 1. o. 8. in ordinary editions. (0 Stat 1. c. 32. in ordinary editions.

(8) Chap. 17. in ordinary editions.

1871. Effect of Legislation.xliii

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

4 & 6 Ann. c. 3. (>) s. 20. Amendment of the Law, &c. Union of England and Repealed 116 (s.L.R.)

6 Ann. c. 11. (5) s. 4. in part - Repealed 48

Scotland (Oaths). Bargain and Sale (York- Repealed 116 (s.L.R.)

c. 20. (s) in part -

shire). Crown and Government Repealed 48

c. 66. (4) - -1 y$ C. 78. (5) S. 4. - -\ 8 Ann. c. 16. -

Security, Oaths, &c. '

9 Ann. c. 11. (6) in part - 10 Ann. c. 6. (?) - -] General Post Office Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

c.l0.(')s.3. - 4, c. 21. (») s. 6. - -J Oatha, &c. Repealed 48

c. 45.0 - Regius Profeasor of Ox- Amended 23

ford.

13 Ann. c. 20. (10) in part 1 Geo. 1. stat. 2. c. 6. (except"' Navigation of the Thames Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

8.2.)

c. 13. - >, c. 20., c. 26. -J Affirmations, Oaths, &c. - Repealed 48

5 Geo. 1. c. 4. - Strengthening the Pro- Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

testant Interest.

c. 29. in part - - ] 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. - -11 Geo. 1. c. 18. s. 2. in part -J Affirmations, Oaths, &c. - Repealed 48 116 (S.L.R.)

2 Geo. 2. c. 25. s. 5. Forgery, Penury, &c. Justices of Peace - Repealed

5 Geo. 2. c. 18. s. 2. # 9 Geo. 2. c. 26. - - O Repealed 18

19 Geo. 2. c. 39. - 1 20 Geo. 2. c. 43. in part - f Oaths, &c. Repealed 48

21 Geo. 2. c. 34. (except 8. 20.) J 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. ss. 10, 11. - Master and Servant

c. 46. - Continuance of several Laws - y Repealed 116 (s.L.R.)

25 Geo. 2. c. 37. ss. 1, 11. Preventing the Crime of

Murder- - -J

c. 36. - Music and Dancing Li- Amended 88

censes.

31 Geo. 2. c. 32. in part - University Tests - Repealed 26

4 Geo. 3. c. 31. (except s* 6.) - Indemnity Repealed 48

5 Geo. 3. c. 49. s. 8. Bank Notes, &c. - -1

6 Geo. 3. c. 23. s. 14. 'Woollen Trade - - V Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

c. 32. - Game (Scotland) -

c. 53. (except s. 3.) - Oaths, &c. Repealed 48

10 Geo. 3. c. 45. - - Distemper among Cattle'!

c. 50. in part 11 Geo. 3. c. 1. - Privilege of Parliament - I Exportation of Corn, &c. f Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

c. 2. - - Malt Duties -

(*) 4 Ann. c. 16. in ordinary editions. (*) 5 Ann. c. 8. in ordinary editions. (*) 5 Ann. c. 18. in ordinary editions.

(4) Chap. 14. in ordinary editions.

(5) Chap. 23. in ordinary editions.

() Chap. 10. in ordinary editions.

(0 Chap. 2. in ordinary editions.

(8) Chap. 7. in ordinary editions.

() Chap. 12. in ordinary editions.

(w) 12 Ann. stat. 2. c. 17. in ordinary editions.

Act repealed or amended.

tvi V / f r. by ' >ftj.

How

affected.

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

j I Geo. 3. c. 3. -, c. 4.

c. 5. -

c. 6.

c. 7- -c. 8. -c. 11. -c. 18.

c. 25. -c. 37.

c. 39. c. 4/. c. 48. c. 49. c. 50. c. 51.

c. 52. in part

12 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

* c. 5.

c. 0.

c. 7-, c. 10.

c. 12., c. 13.

c. 23.

c. 31.

c. 32.

c. 33.

c. 39.

c. 46.

c. 47.

c. 51.

c. 52.

c. 53.

c. 56.

c. 70. c. 71.

c. 72. in part

13 Geo. 3. c. 1., c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

Supply of Seamen Crown Lands (Savoy) Land Tax -Mutiny -Marine Mutiny Importation Mutiny (America)

Annual Indemnity Act -Loans or Exchequer Bills^ Exportation of Live Cattle, &c. -Exportation of Rice Lottery -

Supply, &c.

Importation

Continuance of certain Laws -Harbours, &c. (Isle of Man) -

Exportation of Malt Importation, &c.

Land Tax -

Mutiny -

Marine Mutiny Duties upon Malt, &c. -East India Company Inrolment of Deeds, &c.

made by Papists Mutiny (America)

Militia Pay Insolvent Debtors Indemnity -

Importation of Rice Importation of Wheat -Exchequer Bills Excise Duties Bankrupts

Deseases among Cattle -Mint Prosecutions Discharge to executors of Lady Anne Jekyll -Continuance of certain Laws -

Repealed

Repealed

116 (S.L.R.)

48

Supply Repeal c

Repeal of several Laws -Bills of Exchange (Scotland) -

Importation and Exportation -

Malt Duties -Importation of Rice Land Tax

East India Company -

Repealed

116 (s.L.n.)

IO Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter.

13 Geo. 3. c. 10. - . Mutiny - \

99 c. 11. - Marine Mutiny - - /

99 c. 12. - Annual Indemnity Act -

99 c. 13. - Gunpowder -1

99 c. 14. - Mortgage (West Indies) J

c. 21. s. 3. - - Oaths, &c.

c. 24. - Mutiny -

c. 26. - r — British-built Ships

99 c. 32. s. 6. - - Malicious Injury (Scotland) -

99 c. 54. in part - - Game (Scotland) -

99 c. 56. - Spirituous Liquors

99 c. 59. s. 1. - - Plate (Scotland)

99 c. 64. - East India Company

99 c. 66. - - Loan or Exchequer Bills

99 c. 69. - Importation of Salt

99 c. 70. - - Duty upon Culm -

99 c. 76. Indemnity of Justices, &c.

99 p. 77. - L Supply -

99 c. 79. - Bank Notes (Scotland) -

99 c. 82. s. 8. - - Lying-in Hospitals, &c.

14 Geo. 3. c. 1. - Land Tax -

99 c. 2. - . - Malt Duty, &c.

99 c. 3. - Mutiny -

99 c. 4. - - . Marine Mutiny

99 c. 5. - Exportation of Corn

99 c. 6. - Mutiny (America)

99 c. 9. - Importation -

99 c. 11. - Exportation of Biscuit to Newfoundland

99 c. 17. - Land Tax

y, c. 18. - Militia Pay

c. 20. - Relief of Prisoners

99 c. 26. - Exportation of Wheat -

c. 34. East India Trade

99 C. 37. - - Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists

99 c. 39. Administration of Justice (American Rebellion) -

99 c. 41. - Free Ports (Jamaica)

99 c. 44. 8. 1. - . Yarn -

99 c. 46. - Rewards for Apprehension (Durham) -

99 c. 47. 1 Annual Indemnity Act -

99 c. 49. - . - Madhouses

99 c. 54. - Army -

99 c. 58. - Parliamentary Elections

99 c. 59. - Gaol (Quarter Sessions)

99 c. 60. - - Indemnifying Innkeepers - - )>

99 c. 66. - Discovery of Longitude at Sea -

99 c. 67. - Continuance of several Laws -

99 c. 69. - Loans or Exchequer Bills

How | Chapter of affected. 34 & 35 Vict.

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.) 48

116 (s.l.r.) 48

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

Repealed

48

Repealed 116 (s.l.r.)

I

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

14 Geo. 3. c. 72.

» c. 77.

» c. 80.

» c. 83. in part -

c. 85.

99 c. 86.

99 c. 87.

99 c. 88. as. 1-4.

c. 89.

15 Geo. 3. c. 2.

» c. 3.

» c. 4.

ff c. 5.

f» c. 6.

ff c. 7.

99 c. 8.

99 c. 15.

99 c. 17.

99 c. 22. ss. 2, 3.

99 c. 26.

99 c. 27.

99 c. 28.

99 c. 29.

99 c. 31.

99 c. 32.

99 c. 38.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 42.

99 c. 44.

99 c. 45.

99 c. 56. in part -

16 Geo. 3, c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 7. -

99 c. 11.

99 c. 12.

99 c. 14.

99 c. 19.

c. 20.

99 c. 35.

99 c. 38.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 41.

99 c. 43.

Duty on Stuffs made of Cotton -

Relief of Insolvent Debtors

Making of Sail Cloth -Government of Quebec -Supply, See,

Continuance of several Laws

Driving of Cattle in Metropolis Administration of Justice, &c. (Canada)

Sir Joseph Jekyll's Bequest -

Malt Duties Land Tax -

Marine Mutiny -America (Exportation) -Mutiny -

Importation Militia Pay, &c. -Mutiny (America) Annual Indemnity Act Chancery Court (Offices)' Land Tax Coal

Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters (Scotland) Clan Gregour (Scotland) Encouragement of Fisheries -Erecting of Cottages Loans or Exchequer Bills Government (Quebec) -National Debt -East India Company -Exportation of Army Clothing Six Clerks Office Malt Duties, &c. -Mutiny -

Militia Land Tax Marine Mutiny Mutiny (America) Importation of Tallow, &c. -Land Tax -

Militia Pay, <fcc. Navigation, Sec. -Exchequer Bills, &c. Insolvent Debtors Poor -

Importation of Flax Seed, &c.

Criminal Law

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

Repealed

Repealed

48

116 (S.L.R.)

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

16 Geo. 3. c. 45.

c. 46.

c. 49.

c. 50.

99 c. 51.

99 c. 54.

17 Geo. 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 9.

99 c. 10.

c. 21.

99 c. 28.

99 c. 29. 8. 7.

99 c. 34.

99 c. 35.

99 c. 36.

99 c. 37.

99 c. 38.

99 c. 44.

99 c. 45.

99 0 1 i -

99 c. 48.

99 c. 51.

99 c. 52.

99 c. 55. ss. 1, 5.

99 c. 56. s. 24.

J X 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99. c. 4.

99 c. 5.

99 c. 6.

99 c. 11.

99 c. 12. s. 2.

99 c. 13.

99 c. 23.

99 c. 31.

9* c. 38.

99 c. 39.

99 c. 42. (except ss. 4, 5).

99 c. 45.

99 c. 46.

99 c. 52.

99 c. 64.

99 c. 57.

Loans or Exchequer Bills 1 Mint Prosecutions - I Supply -J

Annual Indemnity Act East India Company Continuance of Acts Land Tax -Malt Duties -Mutiny -Marine Mutiny Habeas Corpus Suspension -Militia Pay, &c. -Civil List Exportation -Imitation of Tea Navigation Silk Manufacture First Meetings of certain Commissioners -Annual Indemnity Act Loans or Exchequer Bills Continuance of certain Laws -

Deeds and Wills made by Papists Appropriation of Supplies -

Finding the Longitude at Sea Loans or Exchequer Bills Duties on Soap -

Master and Servant

Habeas Corpus Suspension -

Land Tax Malt Duty Mutiny -

Marine Mutiny -Navigation Massachusetts Bay Taxation in America American Rebellion Land Tax -

Settlement on Royal Princes and Princesses Loans or Exchequer Bills^ Annual Indemnity Act - The Smalls Lighthouse -Continuance of several Laws -

Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists Insolvent Debtors, &c. -Appropriation, &c.

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (S.L.R.) 48

116 (S.L.R.)

48

Repealed

Repealed

116 (8.L.R.)

48

116 (S.L.R.)

Act repealed or amended.

18 Geo. 3. c. 60.

c. 62. -

c. 64.

c. 65.

19 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. - _ m

c. 3.

c. 4.

99 c. 6.

99 c. 8.

>* c. 9.

»t c. 10. - I

tt c. 14.

9* c. 16.

ft c. 19.

c. 20. in part -

tt c. 27. -

c. 28.

ft c. 37.

ft c. 38. -

tt c. 44. in part -

tt c. 47.

c. 54. -

tt c. 55.

c. 61.

c. 63. - -1

c. 64.

tt c. 71.

tt c. 73. -

tt c. 74.

it c. 75. -

20 Geo. 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 5.

f> c. 6.

99 c. 12.

99 c. 13.

99 c. 14.

99 c. 17. in l part -

c. 18. _ i.

a c. 19.

99 c. 20.

99 c. 25.

How

affected.

Roman Catholics (Oaths) Criminal Law -Loans or Exchequer Bills Earl of Chatham's Annuity -

Habeas Corpus Suspension -Land Tax -

Malt Duties, &c.

Customs

Court-martial on Admiral Keppel Marine Mutiny -Importation of Silk - Recruiting Navigation Mutiny -

Militia Pay, &c.

Widows Fund (Scotland) -

Sheeting, and other Linen (Bounties) Importation Bounty on Hemp -Court of Exchequer in Scotland Oaths, &c.

Annual Indemnity Act- J Criminal Law -First Meetings of Commissioners East India Company

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Appropriation -Loans or Exchequer Bills Punishment of Offenders Manning the Navy Election for Southampton at New Alresford -Land Tax -Malt Duties

Importation of Silk -Criminal Law: Piracy -Trade and Commerce of Ireland -

Mutiny-Marine Mutiny Militia Pay

Voters at County Elections -

Trade with Ireland Continuance of several Laws -Better Supply of Seamen Duties on Pot and Pearl Ashes, &c.

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

48

116 (S.L.R.)

48

116 (s.L.R.l

Act repealed or amended.

20 Geo. 3. c. 28.

99 c. 29.

99 c. 31.

99 c. 33.

99 c. 36.

99 c. 39.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 41.

99 c. 43.

99 c. 46.

99 c. 46.

99 c. 47.

99 c. 50.

99 c. 63.

99 c. 64.

99 c. 66.

99 c. 66.

99 c. 67.

99 c. 68.

99 c. 59.

99 c. 61.

99 c. 62.

99 c. 63.

99 c. 64.

21 Geo. 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 6.

99 c. 8.

99 c. 9.

99 c. 11.

99 C. 18.

99 c. 19.

99 c. 21.

99 c. 23.

99 c. 25.

99 c. 26.

99 c. 27.

99 c. 29.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 41.

99 9 c. 42.

99 c. 43.

99 c. 45.

99 c. 48.

Subject-matter.

Stamp Duties -Customs

Bounty on Com -Chancery Court (Offices, &c.) -

Poor, Settlement Tobacco Duty Somerset House Payment of Creditors (Scotland)

Loans or Exchequer Bills Importation, &c. Exportation of Provisions, &c. -Annual Indemnity Act Elections of Members -Loans or Exchequer Bills Audit of Public Accounts -

Removal of Wool, &c. -East India Company -Loans or Exchequer Bills East India Company -Exportation of Copper -Finding the Longitude at Sea -

Appropriation Indemnity (Suppression of Riots)

Release of Prisoners by Rioters -Destruction of Prisons by Rioters Habeas Corpus Suspension (Piracy)

Land Tax Malt Duties, &c. -Importation of Silk Mutiny -

Marine Mutiny -Navy

Militia -

Importation of Flax Militia Pay Land Tax -

Annual Indemnity Act -

Importation

Continuance of Laws - Bounties on Importation

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Elections of Members of Parliament Audit of Public Accounts Balances in hands of Paymaster General

Repealed

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

48

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

48

116 (s.l.r.)

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 3S Vict.

21 Geo. 3. c. 52. m Finding of the Longitude at Sea

» o. 55. - Duties of Excise

» c. 57. m Appropriation -

o. 58. - - Growth of Hemp and

Flax - .

a o. 59. <4 Loans or Exchequer Bills

c. 63. - Insolvent Debtors

a c. 64. Duties of Excise

if c. 66. s. 1. - - Benefice

a o. 67. Driving of Cattle (Metropolis)

22 Geo. 3. c. 1. - - Habeas Corpus Suspension (Piracy) -

if c. 2. - Land Tax -

79 c. 3. Malt Duties, Ac,

if c. 4. m Mutiny -

if c. 5. m - Marine Mutiny -

a c. 6. m . Militia -

a c. 7. Importation of Silk

f> c. 9. - - Land Tax Commissioners

99 c. 10. - American Prisoners

99 c. 11. Negotiation of certain

Bonds -

99 c. 13. m - Continuance of certain Repealed 116 (8.L.R.)

Laws # *

it c. 16. to Navigation

ft c. 19. - Greenland, &c. Fishery -

it c. 20. to Importation of Tallow,

&c.

99 c. 23. to Deeds and Wills made

c. 24. by Papists Militia Pay

it c. 26. - Quarters for Foreign

Troops - to -

c. 29. m . Elections of Members of

Parliament -

c. 36. Loans or Exchequer Bills

c. 38. - Importation of Tobacco

c. 45. ss. 4, 5, 7, 8.- Public Contracts (Mem-

ber of House of Commons) -

c. 46. to . Truce with America

c. 50. Audit of Public Accounts

c. 51. to . East India Company -

c. 53. Repeal of Act for secur-

ing Dependency of

Ireland

c. 54. to Sir Thomas Rumbold

" and another -

c. 55. Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed .48

a c. 59. Sir Thomas Rumbold" '

a and another -

c. 63. Use of the Highland > Repealed 116 (8.L.R.)

Dress -

tt c. 67. to - Appropriation -

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

22 Geo. 3. c. 71. Supply of Ships to" Enemies

>» c. 72. Importation of Silks and

Velvets -

39 c. 73. in part - Tobacco -

93 c. 74. - First Meetings of Commissioners

c. 75. s. 1. Public Offices

93 c. 76. Loans or Exchequer Bills

c. 79. _ Volunteers

c. 82. in part Civil List, &c.

99 o. 83. - Relief of the Poor

23 Geo. 3. c. 1. - Importation of Wheat, &c.

99 c. 2. - Supply of Ships to Enemies

c. 3. - . Land Tax

c. 4. Malt Duties, &c.

c. 5. Sir Thomas Rumbold

and another -

c. 6. _ Continuance of Laws - > Repealed 116 (s»l.r.)

99 c. 7. - Marine Mutiny

99 c. 9. Importation of Rice, Corn, &c.

99 c. 10. - Importation of Silk

99 c, 12. - Loans, or Exchequer Bills

99 c. 14. - Importation

99 c. 15. s. 1. - - Frauds, &c. in the Dying

Trade

99 c. 16. Bounty to Garrison of Gibraltar

99 c. 17. - - Mutiny.

99 c. 18. - Bills and Promissory

Notes -

99 c. 19. John Whitehill -

99 c. 21. - Bounty upon Exportation of Linens, &c.

99 c. 22. Deeds and Wills made by Papists

93 c. 24. Mutiny -

99 c. 26. - Trade with United States

99 c. 28. in part. - Courts (Ireland) -

99 c. 30. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

99 c. 37. - - Volunteers (Recruiting)

99 c. 39. _ Trade with United States

99 c. 40. - Militia Pay

99 c. 45. in part - Circuit Courts, &c. (Scotland) -

99 c. 51. - Punishment of Vaga-

c. 52. bonds (Egyptians) > Repealed 116 (8.L.R.)

99 - Mutiny and Desertion -

99 q. 53. v - ^Failure of Com Crop

(Scotland)

99 c. 59. Sir Thomas Rumbold

99 c. 60. -/ and another -

99 c. 64. Malt Duties

e 2

Act repealed or amended. lo TjJqtwtO j wtvH — — - Subject-matter. *. n-: j 1u< How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

' .Jill w LC Sj fU

-3 Geo. 3. c. 68. _ - Auditing the Public'' .

Accounts

c. 70. Excise - LI 0

C. 72. - a, - Loans or Exchequer Bills " f

c. 74. - - Duties on Muslins, &c. Ilf O

C. 78. - - Appropriation

c. 80. - - American Loyalists

» c. 81. - - Exportation of Com, &c. 'j

c. 84. - tJTf Loans or Exchequer Bills K* .

c. 85. Annuity to Sir G. A. c'.L; a

Elliott Annuity to Lord Rodney *!-1 *>

c. 86.

24 Geo. 3. Sess. 1. c. 1. - Malt Duties, &c.

c. 2. J-V Trade with United States m ijt 1 1 .*r

c. 3. T - East India Company

c. 4. c. 10. :} Land Tax uinjmE for Jjpmio)

c. 11. Mutiny - - \»r 1

c. 14. - Exportation w tl3

c. 15. - Trade with United States f

c. 16. - Deeds and Wills made

c. 17. by Papists Marine Mutiny - fL .> t '

c. 19. 8. 10.- Carriage of Passengers, 116 (s.l.r.)

&c. (Isle of Wight) - > Repealed

24 Geo. 3. Sess .: 2. c. 1. - Trade with United States

c. 2. - East India Company - *;

c. 6. - Soldiers Trades - O"

» c. 7. c 9 :} Customs, &c.

99 c. 13. j Audit of Public Accounts . 1, .3.1

c. 16. - Petty Custom on Aliens

c. 19. *o-tsi Goods, &c. Manufacture of Leather 1

c. 21. Hat Manufacture

c. 23. - Trade with United States

c. 26. s. 1. - House of Commons

(Elections)

99 c. 28. -V } Bounty for taking L'Am-

azone -

c. 33. - Loans or Exchequer Bills

c. 42. _ «i Pawnbrokers

c. 44. Appropriation Trade with British

c. 45- -

America

c. 50. - Exportation, &c.

c. 52. - Loans or Exchequer Bills

c. 53. in part Plate: Stamps

c. 56. - Transportation, &c. 1

* c. 58. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

25 Geo. 3.'c. 1. - - Trade (United States)

c. 2. _ Malt Duties, &c.

99 c. 3. _ - Marine Mutiny Land Tax

c. 4. y Repealed 116 (s.l.r.)

c. 5. _ _ Trade with United States

c. 0. - - Mutiny -

C. 8. - - (Militia - I

L.

25 Geo. 3. c*ll.

» c, 12.

M c* 17.

99 c. 19.

* 9 c. 20.

99 c. 22.

99 c. 24.

99 c. 25.

99 c., 29.

99 c. 33.

9, c., 48.

99 c. 53.

99 c. 56.

9 9 c. 59.

99 c. 60.

99 c. 61.

99 c. 62.

99 c. 164.

99 c. 68.

99 c. 74.

99 c. 76.

99 c. 77.

t c. 78.

99 c. 79.

99 c. 81.

99 c. 82.

26 Geo. 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. p.

99 c. 4.

99 c.j>.

99 c. 6.

99 c. 7.

99 c. if.

99 c. to.

99 c* !? *

99 c. 31.)

99 c. 32.

99 c. 33.

99 c. 35.

» c. 38.

* c. 43.

c. 44.

99 ' c. 47.

99 c. £

99 c. 53.

Subject-matter.

1 -

in part

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Hrkl of a certain Election Inquiry into Fees in f Public Offkfca' -

- I Land Tax -

- f- Excise Licenses -

- j Repeal of certain1 Duties

- f Customs Duties

- Bounties for destroying H oertam Spanish Snips

- Exchequer1 Bills -

«- j Pawnbrokers Licenses -I1 Annuity to the1 Duke of Gloucester Cordage for Shipping -Lottery -

Appropriation, &e.

Exportation of Hhy Plate Y Stamps^ &c.

Audit of Public Accounts Excise 1 'Uv v'; ' 'j

American Loyalists ' Metroholis '1)r *

Hmwktoy &c.

Medifeind Duties -Duties on Tobacco Annual Indemnity Act Trade -*1 ^Exportation' of Hay Land Tax - > '

Ttadewith Orrftdd States Exportation of Hops to Ireland ^1 Malt Duties, &c. '-Mutiny^(i

Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman Mutiny t _ Newfoundland' -Reduction of the National Debt -

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Bounties for destroying certain Spanish Snips Imprisonment of Debt-'era, to.1- i; i

-Growth of Hemp and Flax'1 - '! H- -Relief of Debtorsf Admiralty and Commis-s«ry Courts (Scotland) Tobacco Duties1 Continuance of Several 1 Laws -

e 3

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

Repealed

48

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

26 Geo. 3. c. 54. Commissioners of Land" Tax -

c. 56. Returns relative to the Poor -

c. 58. Returns of all Charitable Donations

c. 59. Excise (Wines)

j) c. 61. — Appropriation -

» c. 64. - Excise -

C. 65. «" . Lottery -

c. 66. - - Inquiry into Fees in Public Offices -

99 C. 67. Audit of Public Accounts

c. 68. American Loyalists

c. 69. Militia Pay

c. 70. Appropriation -

c. 71. s. 17. -99 c. 73. -, c. 74. - / Slaughter-houses

Excise, &c.

99 C. 73. " ' Losses in consequence of Cession of East Florida to Spain

» c. 76. Exportation of Wool Cards >

99 c. 77. in part Excise, Customs, &c.

c. 78. Duties on Paper -

c. 80. Continuance of certain Acts -

c. 84. - Consecration of Bishops abroad -

c. 85. Exportation of British-made Cordage

c. 87. Wood 8, Forests, and Land Revenues

c. 88. Annuity to lady Maria Carlton

c. 92. Pawnbrokers

c. 93. Annuity to Brook Watson -

c. 95. - - First meetings of Commissioners, &c.

c. 96. Proceedings against Warren Hastings -

99 c. 97. " Exchequer Bills -

c. 98. Annual Indemnity Act -

c. 103. - -I

c. 105. - - I, c. 121. - -J Land Tax

27 Geo. 3. c. 2. New South Wales

c. 3. ... Marine Mutiny -

99 c. 4. Malt Duties, &c. S,

c. 5. Land Tax -

c. 6. Mutiny -

99 c. 7. - Trade with United States

c. 8. Militia Pay

99 c. 11. - Gaol; House of Correction; Vagabonds b; , C

Repealed

116 (8.L.R.)

Repealed

Repealed

48

116 (g.L.R.)

27 Geo. 3. c. 12.

» c. 13.

99 c. 16.

99 c. 18.

99 c. 21.

99 c. 23. -I

99 c. 24.

99 c. 26. -J.

99 c. 33.

99 c. 35.

99 c. 36.

99 c. 37.

99 c. 39.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 41.

99 c. 42.

99 c. 44. s. 1.

99 c. 47.

28 Geo. 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 5.

99 c. 11.

99 c. 12.

99 c. 16.

99 c. 18.

99 c. 19.- -/

99 c. 21.

99 c. 22.

99 c. 23. -1

99 c. 24.

99 c. 26.

99 c. 31.

99 c. 35.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 41.

90 c. 42.

Annuity to Sir J. Skynner" Consolidated Fund; Customs and Excise; Annuities; National Debt Negotiation of certain Promissoir Notes and Bills -Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts (Scotland)

Purchase of right of exemption from Coal Duty -

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Appropriation Inquiry into Fees in Public Offices Continuance of several Laws -

Pawnbrokers American Loyalists Annual Indemnity Act -Lottery -

Deeds and Wills made by Papists Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts -

Land Tax Commissioners Malt Duties, &c. -Land Tax Marine Mutiny Duty on Spirits Traae with United States Militia Pay Mutiny -

Exportation of White Ashes

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Lottery -

Annual Indemnity Act Continuance of several'' Laws -

Appropriation -Losses in consequence of the Cession of East Florida to Spain Newfoundland Fishery - American Loyalists, &c. Annuity to the Duke of Saint Albans -Annuity to Wife and Sons of Sir Guy Carlton -

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

48

116 (s.l.r.)

48

116 (s.l.r.)

28 Geo. 3. c. 43.

» c. 44.

ft c. 46.

>t c. 46.

»t c. 4/. - . r.

tt c. 48.

tt ci 60. m

c. 64.

tt c. 66. 8. 4.

29 Geo. 3. ci 1.

tt c. 2.

tt c: 3.

tt c: 6.

It c.i 9.

It o. 10.

tt c. 13.

tt c. 15., -

tt c.j 18.

tt c. 33.

ft c. 34.

tt c. 35.

tt c. 36.

tt c. 40.

tt c., 41. in part -

tt c. 45.

tt c. 51.

It c. 64.

tt c. 55.

It c. 60.

It c. 61.

It c. 62.

It c. 63.

it c. 64. w

it c. 66.

30 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

M c. 3.

it c. 5.

c. 6.

tt c. 7.

tt c. 9.

c. 11.

c. 12.

» c. 13.

Atmuit^ to Brook Watson.- -

American Loyalists Exportation of Hay Excise '

Deads' and Wills made by Papists Regulation i of Chimney Sweepers, > -Pawnbrokers m,

SlaveTsade -Protection of. Stocking Frames, &c.

Trade With Uqlted States Mutiny

Marine Mutiny -Land Tax Duties on Shpps -Malt Duties County Elections -Militia Pay -County Elections -Lottery -

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Deeds and Willp made by Papists "

Annual IndetWhlty Act Raising Money 6y Annuitms - L Excise Diiflesy -Stamp Ddties bU Probates, &c.

Manufactures of Flax and Cotton Continuance Of several Laws -

Customs -

Appropriatiott American Loyalists Excise, &c.

Customs -Slave Tradf -

Importation and Expor-i tation

Land Tax -, -

Malt Duties, &c.

Payment of Creditors (Scotland) -Mutiny -

Marine Mutiny Militia Pay.

Trade with United States^ Annual Indemnity Act -Commissioners of Land \ Tax -/

Repealed

116(s.l.r.

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

48

116(s.l.r.)

48

116 (S.L.R.)

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

How Chapter of affected. 34 & 5A Vict.

30 Geo. 3. c. 15.

» c. 16. -J

99 c. 17.

99 c. 18. -

>1 c. 19.

99 c. 23.

99 c. 24.

99 c. 30.

99 c. 31. s. 2.

99 c. 32.

.» c. 33.

' *>' c. 34.

99 c. 36.

99 c. 37. -

99 c. 38. in part -

99 c. 39.

99 c. 42.

99 c. 44.

99 c. 45. in part " -

99 c. 47.

9%, c. 48. s. 3. - t -/

99 c. 50.

31 Geo. 3. c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 6. -

99 c. 7.

99 c. 8.

99 c. 9.

99 c. 10. -

99 c. 12.

99 c. 13.

* 9 c. 14.

99 c. 16.

99 c. 28.

99 99 c. 31. in part c. 32. s. 10.

99 c. 32. in part

99 c. 34.

99 c. 40; -

c. 41.

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Court of Session (Scotland), See. ' -Cohtrtiuance of' several Laws - ______

Deeds and Wills made by Papists Post Horse Duties Loansor Exchequer Bills Lottery^ 1 -Gold tend Silrer Plate -Appropriation ' ' -Slave Trade 1 -Relief to American Loyalists and others . Parliamentary Elections Excise, &c., '

Licenses for retailing Wine, &c.

Allowances to Distillers (Scotland) ry Lpportation and Exportation -

Annuity to Dr. Willis -'Annuities i National Debt- ii -

Transportation -

Women convicted of treason Land Revenues of the Crown -; -

Malt Duties

John Macbride; time for recognizances / -importation and Exportation, }

Land Tax Malt Duties, &c- »

Annual Indemnity Act -Marine Mutiny-, European Forces in India Trade with United States Mutiny Land Tax MiMaf Pay l-

of *the7 late W^tae License Office -Government of Canada -Roman Catholic Disabilities, &c.

Oaths, &c.

Annuity to the Duke of Clarence -

East Indies Appropriation

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

48

116 (s.l.r.)

. 48

116 (8.L.R.)

i

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

---- 2__________

31 Geo. 3. c. 44.

» c. 48. -1

tt c. 49.

if c. 50. -

a c. 52.

a c. 53.

a c. 54.

32 Geo. 3. c. 3.

fi c. 4.

ft c. 5.

ft c. 6.

if c. 7.

ft c. 8.

fi c. 13.

it c. 14.

ft c. 15. - -i

r a c. 16. c. 17.

tt c. 18.

a c. 19.

ft c. 23.

ft c. 26.

it c. 27.

ft c. 28.

ft c. 35.

ft c. 36.

tt c. 52.

tt c. 56. s.7.

ft c. 57. in part

it c. 61, -

it c. 63. in part -

.*13 Geo. 3. c. 1.

if c. 3.

ft c. 4.

ft c. 6.

ft c. 7.

ft c. 9.

ft c. 10.

ft c. 11.

tt c. 12.

ft c. 17. - -i

ft c. 18.

tt c. 19.

tt c. 26.

Ascertaining Strength of"

Spirits -

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Pawnbrokers Lottery -

Slave Trade

Duties on Female Ser vants

Duties on Waggons Carts, &c.

Land Tax

Malt Duties Duty upon Candles Excise: Frauds by Brew ers -

Annuities to Duke and Duchess of York Trade with U nited States

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Marine Mutiny -Malt Duties Mutiny -

Land Tax Commissioners -Militia Pay

Annual Indemnity Act -Lottery -Appropriation -Continuance of several Laws -

Slave Trade

Counterfeiting Certificates: Characters of Servants Parish Apprentices Indemnity to proprietors, &c.of Newspapers Oaths, &c.

Circulation of Notes," &c. in France -Importation of Corn, &c. Regulations respecting Aliens, See. - - I

Marine Mutiny -

Land Tax Mutiny -

Trade with United States Malt Duties

Annual Indemnity Act -

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Militia Pay -

Supply of Seamen

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (8.L.R.)

48

116 (8.L.R.) 48

116 (S.L.R.) 48

116 (8.L.R.)

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected.

33 Geo. 3. c. 27. Correspondence with"

Enemies

c. 34. Prizes and Prize Goods -

c. 36. - Relief of the Poor

))c. 36. - Corps of Fencibles

99 c. 37. - - Bread -

c. 40. Continuance of several.

Laws -

c. 49. Sail Cloth

99 c. 61. <9 - Exchequer Bills -

99 c. 69. - - Duties and Laws of Ex-

cise -

99 c. 61. - Distilleries (Scotland) -

99 c. 62. - - Lottery -

99 99 c. 67. in part c. 68. as. 1, 2. " Merchant Shipping Durham, Lancaster

(Common Pleas)

99 c. 69. " Duties on Coals; Duties on Liquors - >* Repealed

99 c. 71. - Post-horse Duties -

99 99 c. 72. c. 73. 9 - . Appropriation Slave Trade

99 c. 74. - - Payment of Creditors (Scotland) -Lord Rodney's Annuity

99 C. 77" 38. 3-5.

34 Geo. 3. c. 5. - _ Trade with United States

99 c. 6. - - Marine Mutiny -

99 c. 7. - Malt Duties

99 c. 8. - Land Tax -

99 c. 9., - Aid to Government of

France

99 c. 10. - - Stamp Duties on Gloves,

&c. -

99 c. 11. 4 - Duties on Registry of

Burials, Births, &c.

99 c. 12. - - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed

99 c. 13. - - Mutiny -

99 c. 16. - Militia -

99 c. 22. 4 - Greenland and Whale

c. 28. c. 29. Fishery -

99 " Loans or Exchequer Bills

99 c. 30. - Militia Pay

99 c. 31. - Volunteer Corps -

99 c. 32. - - Stamps on Bills of Exchange, &c.

99 c. 36. m - Governors, Sec. of West > Repealed

India Islands -

99 o« 36. - - Exportation of Culm to Lisbon; and ascertaining Strength of Spirits -

99 c. 40. 4 - Lottery -

99 c. 43. Enlistment

99 c. 44. Courts; Newfoundland,

&C.

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

116 (s.L.R.)

48

116 (S.L.R.)

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

34 Geo. 3. c. 46.

99 c. 49.

99 c. 54.

99 o. 55.

99 c. 56.

99 c. 57.

99 c. 59.

99 c. 60.

99 c. 61.

99 a 62.

99 c. 69.

99 c. 70.

99 c. 7L -

99 c. 79.

99 c. 80.

99 c. 82.

35 Geo. 3. a 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 3.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 5.

99 c. 6.

' 9* c. 7.

99 c. 9.

99 c. 16.

99 c. 17.

99 c. 19.

9 c. 21.

99 c. 22.

99 c. 24.

99 c. 25.

99 c. 26.

99 c. 29.

99 c. 33.

99 c. 34.

99 c. 35.

99 c. 36.

99 c. 37.

99 c. 50.

99 c. 57. "

99 c. 58.

99 c. 60.

99 c. 62.

99 c .6*.

99 c. 66.

Common Pleas (Lancaster), r

Anprpprihtion | -

Habeas Corpus Suspension

Dutton Tobacco -NiH .' and Victualling Bills ' T

* Frauds by Bankrupts -Public Accountants ftCmovhl of Offenders -Observance of the Lord's Day by Bakers Loans or exchequer Bills Insolvent Debtors Prize: Customs -Supplying French Islands With Corn Effects df Residents in France Blave Tirade - j -Regulations respecting Aliens Malt Duties 1 -Land Tax

Habeas Corpus ^uspen-tf oh

Exportation add Importation of Cirii Manning the Navy Mutiny -

Marine Mutiny -Manning the Navy Militia -

Lan d Tax -

Manning the Navy

Loane or Exchequer Bills

Aliens -

Courts (Newfoundland) Trade with United States Manning the Navy Militia pay, &c.

Manning the Navy Militia -

Lottery -

Loans dr Exchequer Bills Annual Indemnity Act indemnity to Governors, &c. in the West India llfelabds'i -J Registry bf Bdats, &c. -Staffordshire Militia - Tost Office -

Quartering df Soldiers -Parliamentary "Elections (Scotland) -

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

48

116 (8«L.R.)

Act repealed or amended.

35 Geo. 3. c. 88.

c. 90.

»* c. 98.

c. 99.

c. 100.

c. 101. in part c. 102. s. 7. c. 112.

c. 113. in part c. 115.

c. 116. c. 119.

c. 120. c. 123. c. 124. c. 127. c. 129.

» c. 130.

36 Geo. 3. c. 1.

* c. 2.

» c. 3.

» c. 4.

» c. 5.

» c. 6.

c. 7. ss. 2-4. c. 9. ss. 3-5. c. 20. k-

c. 21. c. 24. c. 28. c. 29. c. 30. c. 31. c. 32.

c. 36. o. 37.

o.40.

C. 41. is> . o. 52. in pari 0.56.

c. 57.

Subject-matter.

Discharge of Insolvent Debtors - . Slave Trade -Drawback on China Deeds and Wills made by Papists Importation of Silk. See. Removal of Poor Persons Defective Weights Hair Powder Certificates, &c, -

Excise; Exciseable Liquors -Importation of Goods from India and China, &c.

Duties of Excise -Making of Spirits from Wheat Appropriation Small Debts (Scotland) Woolcombers (Trades) -Exchequer Bills Annuity to the Prince of Wales -

Jointure for the Princess . of Wales Malt Duties, &c. -Land Tax

Exportation of Corn, Meal, &c. -Importation of Silk, &c. Exportation of Candles, Tallow, &c.

Making of Starch, &c.

from Wheat Treason, See. -Corn, &c.

Distillation from Wheat, &c.

Bounties -

Mutiny -Marine Mutiny -

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Indemnity to Governors, Sec. in West India Is-. lands - - ,

Quartering of Soldiers -Courts of Judicature (Newfoundland) Continuance of laws -

Militia Pay -

Duties on Legacies, &c. Bounties -Annual Indemnity Act -

How

affected.

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

Repealed

116 (8.L.R.)

Repealed

48

Act repealed or amended.

36 Geo. 3. c. 68.

» c. 60.8. 17.

n c. 80.

99 c. 81.

99 c. 83.

99 c. 84.

c. 89.

99 c. 104.

c. 106.

99 c. 107.

99 c. 108.

99 c. 109.

99 c. 112.

c. 115.

ft c. 116.

ft c. 120.

99 c. 126.

37 Geo. 3. c. 1.

99 c. 2.

99 c. 4.

99 c. 6.

99 c. 6.

99 c. 7.

99 c. 8.

ft c. 11.

99 c. 12.

99 c. 21.

99 c. 23.

99 c. 24.

99 c. 25. in part -

J) c. 27.

99 c. 32.

99 c. 33.

ff c. 34.

99 c. 35.

99 c. 37.

c. 38.

99 c. 39.

99 c. 40.

Subject-matter.

Trade with United States Making, &c. of Metal Buttons Stamp Duties on Licenses to sell Gloves, &c. Importation of Melasses Support and Maintenance of Curates Post-horse Duties Land Tax -Lottery -

Drawback, &c. -Finding of the Longitude at Sea -

Continuance of several Laws -Regulations respecting Aliens -Registry of Ships Manning the Navy Militia -

East India Company -

Appropriation

Malt Duties

Land Tax -

Army and Navy Army and Navy (Scotland)

Provisional Cavalry Exportation and Importation

Importation of Silk, Flax, &c. -Annual Indemnity Act -Merchandize in Neutral" Ships -

Trade (Cape of Good Hope) -

Provisional Force of Cavalry -Manning the Army and Navy -

Militia of the Tower Hamlet -Loans to Grenada and Saint Vincent Traders Negotiation of Notes and Bills Mutiny -

Marine Mutiny -Commissioners of Land Tax -Trade with United States Militia Pay, &c. -Manning the Army and Navy (Scotland)

Banks (Scotland)

How

affected.

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

116 (8.L.R .;

48

116 (8.L.R.)

37 Geo. 3. c. 41.

99 C. 45.

99 c. 60.

99 c. 61.

99 c. 62.

99 c. 64.

99 c. 70. in part -

99 c. 71.

99 c. 72.

99 c. 74.

99 c. 75.

99 c. 76.

99 ©i 00 d -

99 c. 83.

99 c. 84.

99 c. 85.

99 c. 92.

99 c. 93.

99 c. 95.

99 c. 97.

. 99 c. 99.

99 c. 103.

99 c. 104.

99 c. 112.

99 c. 113.

99 c. 114.

99 c. 116.

99 c. 119.

99 c. 120.

99 c. 125.

99 c. 127. in part

99 c. 128.

99 c. 137.

99 c. 138.

99 c. 139.

99 o. 140.

99 c. 143. in part

99 c. 144.

Geo. 3. c. 2.

Quartering of Soldiers

- Restriction on Cash Payments

- Stamp Duties on Inden-

tures of Clerkships -

- Negotiation of Notes and

Bills -

- Banks (Scotland) Indemnity to Governors,

&c. in the West India Islands -

- Army; Navy

Certain Mutinous Crews

- Importation of Cambrics,

&c.

- East India Company -

- Tower Hamlets Militia -

- Bounty on Exportation

to Ireland of Sail Cloth, &c.

Discounts to Contributors to Loan -

- Exportation and Impor-

tation of Com -

- Importation

- Relief of Prisoners

- Regulations respecting

Aliens -

- Indemnity - - >

Preservation of Salmon,

&c. -

- Treaty with the United

States

- Continuance of certain

- Militia (Scotland)

Slave Trade

- Insolvent Debtors

- Lottery -

- Loans or Exchequer Bills

- Militia -

- Recovery of Debts in America (Negroes)

- Negotiation of Bills and

Notes -

- Exportation of Wheat, &c.

- Demise of the Crown -

- Land Tax Banks (Scotland)-

- Parliamentary Elections

(Scotland)

- Provisional Cavalry

- Naval Courts-martial -

- Weights and Measures -Appropriation

-, Issue of Bank Notes

(Scotland) - -J

f 2

Repealed

116 (S.L.R.)

Act repealed or impended. Subject-matter. flow affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

38 Geo. 3. c* 3. Importation - 1 - -1 J '

» c* 4. - . - Malt Duties, See. - v Repealed 116 (g.L.R.)

it c. 5. in part . Land Tax -

t» tt . - Land Tax (Oaths), &c. - Repealed 48

ft c» 6. - - Army and Navy

it c. 7. - - Negotiation of Bills and

Notes -

if c. 8. - - Loans or Exchequer Bills

it tt c, 9. C; 10. " Continuance of Acts Exportation and Impor- Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

tation -

it C. 11. - - . Duties on Distilleries

(Scotland) '

ft c. 12. - 1 - Militia (Scotland)

tt c. 14. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

it c. 15. - - Marine Mutiny -

tt it c. 17. c. 19. Militia -

))c. 20. - - Loans dr Exchequer Bills

tt c. 21. 83. 2-4. - Annuity to Earl Saint

Vincent -

tt c. 22. - Annuity to Lord Vis-

count Duncan -

tt c. 23. - - Mutiny -

it c. 24. - - Duties on Plate -

it c. 25. - - . Importation of Salt from

Portugal

tt c. 26. - - Land Tax Commissioners -

it c. 27. - Defence of the Realm -

tt c. 28. _ . Debts due to the United

Provinces, &c.

it c. 29. - Exportation

it c. 30. - - British Sail Cloth or

Canvas exported

it c. 31. - Duties on Distilleries

(Scotland) > Repealed 116 (S.L.R.)

it c. 32. - - Quartering of Soldiers -

c. 35. - Continuance of several Laws -

it c. 36. - - Habeas Corpus Suspen-

sion - L

it c. 40. Inhabited House Duties

it c. 44. - Militia (Scotland)

it c. 46. - - Manning the Navy

it c. 51. - 1. Yeomanry Cavalry

it c. 59. - Silver Coin

si c. 61. _ Drawbacks, &c.

si c. 63. - . - iBle of Man Trade

tt c. 64. - Militia Pay

si c. 66. _ . Militia -

c. 68. _ _ Duties on Cinnamon,

Cloves, &c.

c. 70. Militia -

a c. 72. - - Indemnity to Governors,

&c. in the West India

Islands - i

Tabte B. — Acts of fomer S^isions repealed and amended — cmtinved.

Act repealed of amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 8& Vict.

38 Geo. 3. c. 75. - Lottery ' - O

* .7C. - - Protection of Trade, j,

1 Cuatomp, Ac.

M, c. 77. - :i . - T Adieoe -1 , -i

99 c. 79. - Residence in France - during the War -

99 c. 82. - "I

99 c. 83. 4 Loansor Exchequer Bills.

99 o. 84. -J

99 c. 88. -, .; Slave Trade i

99 c. 90. - i . Appropriation

99 c. 91. Loans or Exchequer Bills

99 c4 94. - - Provisional Cavalry Annuity to Lord Nelson

39 Geo. 3. of 1.

* 9 c . 2. - f Malt Duties ., t

99 c, 3. - Duty on. Pensions, &c.

99 99 c. 4. -c. 5. - Army and Navy Militia - Repealed ' 116 (8.L.R.)

99 c. 8. - - Armorial Bearings Negotiation of Notes or Bills -

99 c. 9.

99 c. 10. - Issue of Bank Notes

(Scotland)

99 c-11. Loans to Grenada and

Saint Vincent Traders

99 c. 12. Continuance of certain

Acts, -

99 c. 14. c. 15. Supplementary Militia -Habeas Corpus Suspen-

sion -

99 c, 16. i r Courts of Judicature

(Newfoundland)

99 c. 17. - - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 43

* 9 c. 18., - Exchequer Bills -

99 c. 19. - Marine Mutiny -

99 c. 20., r*1 Mutiny . -, i -

99 - c* 23. - i Provisional Cavalry

99 c. 24. > Negotiation of Bank Notes and Bills

99 c. 25. - Issue of Bank Notes

(Sootland) 4

99 c. 26. - Exportation of Sail Cloth

99 c. 27. - Importation -

99 c. 28. ' | Importation of. Linen rams + - > Repealed 116 (s.n.R.)

99 c. 29. - Annuities to Prince Ed-

ward and Prince Ernest Augustus - '

99 c. j30. - - Annuities -to the Prin-

cesses -

99 c. 31. Duty on Distilleries . (Scotland)

99 c. 32. - Ships- from Newfound-

land, &c. i.

99 99 c. 33. c. 34. 88. 1, 2. Loans or Exchequer Bills Game (Scotland) -

99 c. 35. - Militia - -J

f 3

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

39 Geo. 3. c. 36.

» c. 39.

99 c. 41.

» c. 44. -

9» c. 46.

99 c. 47.

99 c. 48.

99 c. 60.

99 c. 61.

99 c. 62.

99 c. 53.

99 c. 54.

99 c. 56. in part -

99 c. 57.

99 C. 58. m -

99 c. 61.

99 c. 62.

99 c. 66.

99 c. 67.

99 c. 68.

99 c. 69. -I

99 c. 70. -f

99 c. 71. -J

99 c. 73. s. 2.

99 c. 74.

99 c. 79. in part -

99 c. 84. in part -

99 c. 87.

99 c. 88.

99 c. 91.

>9 c. 93.

99 c. 96.

99 c. 96.

99 c. 97.

99 c. 98.

99 c. 101.

99 c. 102.

99 c. 103.

Quartering of Soldiers Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships -Loans or Exchequer Bills Habeas Corpus Suspension -Judges of Assize -Negotiation of Bills and Notes

Issue of Bank Notes (Scotland)

Relief of Debtors -Transportation of Offenders, &c. -Penitentiary Houses Payment of Creditors (Scotland)

Tanners Indemnity Colliers (Scotland) Indemnity to Governors, &c. in the West India Islands -Annuity to Sir James Marriott Customs: Prussian Yarn Militia (Scotland) Salaries of Sheriff Deputes, &o. c., Scotland -Court of Exchequer

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Stamps -

Post-horse Duties Seditious and Treasonable Societies Purchase of a certain duty on Coals Exportation -

Importation and Exportation of Com (Edinburgh) -Lottery -Forfeiture upon attainder of Treason Importation

Enabling Matthew Boulton to export Machinery -Militia Pay

Importation of Spanish Wool -Fisheries in the Greenland Seas Newfoundland Fisheries Militia -

Repealed

116 (S'L.R.)

39 Geo. 3.0.105.

c. 109.

c. 110. in part

c. 112.

))c. 113.

c. 114.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5.

» c. 6.

if C. 7.

c. 8. -c. 9.

c. 10. -c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 15.

c. 16. -c. 17.

c. 18. -c. 19.

c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 24. -c. 25.

c. 27. -c. 28. in part

c. 29.

c. 31. -c. 33.

c. 34.

c. 35.

c. 36. SB. 3, 4. c. 37.

0.38. c. 39.

c. 40. c. 48.

Manufacture of Maid- stone Geneva -Forces of East India Company -Salaries of the Judges, &c. -Importation -Judges and Serjeants at Law -Appropriation Malt Duties

Duty on Pensions, Offices, &o. c.

Loans or Exchequer Bills

Distillation from Wheat (Scotland)

Duties on Spirits, &c. -Continuance of certain Acts

Redemption of Land Tax Customs Duties and Drawbacks, &c.

Loans to Grenada and Saint Vincent Traders Militia -

Army and Navy -Continuance of certain Acts -Sale of Bread Annual Indemnity Act -Habeas Corpus Suspend sion -Distillation from Wheat, &c.

Marine Mutiny -Use of Wheat in making Starch -

Mutiny -

Bank of England; National Debt - Bounties on Importation of Wheat Dufy on Pensions, &c. -Exchequer Bills -Importation in neutral Ships* -

Bounty on Importation of Oats -South Sea Company -Militia Pay Duties on Saltpetre Quartering of Soldiers -Relief of the Poor Duties on Sugar and Coffee -

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Chapter of

34 & 35 Vict.

116 (S.L.B.)

48

116 (8.L.R.)

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 52. - -c. 53. - Lottery - Bounty on Importation /(

of Rye -

» c. 54. s. 7. Public Accountants

M c. 57. j- - Harbours (Leith) -

91 c. 58. -! *; - Exportation and Impor-

tation -

» c. 61. - - Duties on Wash made

(nooT from Sugar

c. 62. - il Use of Sugar in brewing

mull of Beer -

11 c. 63. - 1'' u Duties on Kid Skins

.. c. 64. | iiojJu Importation of Linseed and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships -

>» c. 67. in part - Union of Great Britain

and Ireland -

c. 68. Land Tax Commissioners

c. 69. - Duties on Perfumery, &c.

9 9 c. 70. -1 Paper Duty -

c. 71. Sale of Bread

c. 75. - -T^ Militia Allowances

99 c. 76. - >i>4 Indemnity to Governors, &c. in the West India Repealed 116 (s.l.r.)

Islands -

c. 77- in part - Collieries and Mines

>» c. 81. in part - Duty on Hops, &c.

c. 82. - - Duties on Foreign Hops ' »V > (. i

imported - >uO t

» c. 87. Depredations on the Thames

fi c. 88. ss. 11, 12. Crown Property; Queen i\ o'iD i . ' o*>Oi

Consort, &c.

>» c. 91. - - Exportation of Rice > > it) i*« ojD

91 c. .99. ss. 1, 33. Pawnbrokers

>* c. 100. - - Army and Navy

11 c. 101. - - Loans to A. Houstoun 1

and others . D

99 c. 102.)i. - r)oji)

91 c. 103. - I Loans or Exchequer Bills

91 c. 104. -j.

91 c. 105. -] - Lancaster (Common ' 'iD

Pleas) - 1

ft c. 108. - - Indemnifying the Go- o*m) r,

vernor of Surinam -

91 c. 109. in part Exchequer Bills 65

40 Geo. 3. c. 72. (Irish Pari.) Jurors and Juries (Ire- Repealed

(except s. 7.) land).

41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) c. 1. - - Exportation

91 c. 3. Use of Com in distilling

of Spirits t. rwO

91 c. 4. Duties on Hops imported

91 c. 5. Continuance of certain )> Repealed 116 (s.l.r.)

.fc>j Laws -

11 c. 6. Malting of Barley da- 1

IvjIaaqiJI maged by Rain - *.) £ J 1*1 oai/ i

11 c. 7. - -; Malt Duties

O

Act foaled or amended.

Subject-matter.

---- 1 -

41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) c. 8.

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

C. 9.

C. 10.

' C. 11.

c. 12.

c. 14.

99 C. 15.

c. 18.

C. 19.

c. 20.

C. 24.

99 C. 26.

c. 27.

u. i*.

c. 31.

, C. 32.

42 Geo. 3. c. 23. -1

43 Geo. 3. c. 6. - -J

c. 30. - i

c. 99. in part -j

44 Geo. 3. c. 7* -

45 Geo. 3. c. 6.

46 Geo. 3. c. 7.

47 Geo. 3. Sees. 1. c . 5.

Sess. 2. c .35.

48 Geo. 3. c. 40.

49 Geo. 3. c. 15.

50 Geo. 3. c. 4.

51 Geo. 3. c. 77.

c. 98. - -1

52 Geo. 3. c. 26. -J

c. 155. in part

54 Geo. 3. c. 5.

55 Geo. 3. c. 17.

56 Geo. 3. c. 33.

57 Geo. 3. c. 14* .

c. 92.

58 Geo. 3. c. 5. -1

59 Geo. 3. c. 11. - -j

» ct 86.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. ip.

1 Geo. 4. c. 55! s. 4.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 5. .; -i

3 Geo. 4. c. 12. - -I

4 Geo. 4. c. 1. - - i

Duty on Pensions, Of-^| fices, &oji

Relief and Employment of the Poor Bounties on Importation of Wheat, c. -Importation of Fish Maintenance of the Poor Loans or Exchequer Bills Census of Great Britain Importation of 'Swedish Herrings Bounties on Importation of Wheat, Barley, &c. Continuance of certain Laws -Regulations respecting Aliens

Turnpike Roads in Great Britain -Loans to Grenada and Saint Vincent Traders Army and Navy Annual Indemnity Act -Habeas Corpus Suspension.

Annual Indemnity Acts Oaths, &c.

Annual Indemnity Acts

Elections (Ireland) - )-Annual Indemnity Acts Oaths, &c.

Annual Indemnity Acts

Administration of Oaths to Military and Naval Officers.

Annual Indemnity Acts

Dean Forest

Annual Indemnity Act -Oaths, &c.

Annual Indemnity Acts

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

116 (s.l.r.)

48

116 (S.L.R.)

48

85

48

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

4 Geo. 4. c. 95. s. 75 5 Geo. 4. c. 6. -, c. 79. Impounding of Cattle -Annual Indemnity Act -1 Oaths and Declarations J Repealed Repealed 115 48

c. 83. Rogues and Vagabonds - Amended 112

c. 109. Oath, &c. of Earl Mar- "1

shal - Repealed 48

6 Geo. 4. c. 3. - Annual Indemnity Act -

c. 63. Lunacy - Repealed 22

c. 81. s. 2. Brewers Licenses - Repealed 111

c. 129. Combination of Work- Repealed 32

men.

7 Geo. 4. c. 3. -1 1

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 13. -9 Geo. 4. c. 6. - J Annual Indemnity Acts (> Repealed 48

C. 17. Sacramental Test -

c. 61. - Intoxicating Liquors (Li- Amended 88

censing).

10 Geo. 4. c. 7. in part University Tests; Oaths Repealed 26, 48

c. 12. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 44. 8. 16. in part - Metropolitan Police Repealed 35

c. 59. Metropolis Roads Repealed 115

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 9. -\ 1 Will. 4. c. 26. - -J Annual Indemnity Adts - Repealed 48

c. 65. in part Lunacy - Repealed 22

I & 2 Will. 4. c. 9. - -1 Oaths (Members ofl

c. 49. - -J House of Commons, &c.) -

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 7. - Sacramental Test - . y Repealed 48

c. 24. - Annual Indemnity Act -

c. 63. Oaths of the Peers of

Scotland -

c. 76. - Schools of Anatomy Amended 16

c. 115.8.2. - Charitable Donations,

&c. (Oaths)

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 7. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 49. s. 2. Quakers, &c. Affirma-

c. 91. (except'l ss.47, 50.) \ 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 8. - -J tions -

Jurors and Juries (Ireland). Repealed i 65

» c. 9. - 1 5&6 Will.4. c. 11. - -/ Annual Indemnity Acts - I Repealed 48

c. 17. Lunacy - - Repealed 22

c. 28. - Oaths to be taken by I

Sheriff

c. 36. 8. 6. Borough Members I

(Oaths) -

c. 76. s. 50. Municipal Oaths > i

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 7. - 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 12. - f Annual Indemnity Acts Repealed 48

c. 72. s. 7. Oaths of Allegiance, &c.

in part.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 5. - Relief of Quakers, Mora-

c. 15. -J vians, &c.

c. 16. - Annual Indemnity Act -

c. 43. Dean Forest Amended 85

c. 106. Union of Benefices Amended 90

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter o 34 & 35Vi<

2 & 3 Vict. c. 33. except s. 9 Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 48. - Jurors and Juries (Ire- Repealed 65

land).

c. 71- s. 7. in part- Metropolitan Police Repealed 35

3 & 4 Vict. c. 16. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 96. in part - Post Office - - Repealed 30

C. 97. - Regulation of Railways - Amended 78

& repealed

1 in part.

c. 108. in part - Municipal Corporations Repealed 48, 65

1 (Ireland).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 11. 5 St 6 Vict. c. 10 .; Annual Indemnity Acts - Repealed 48

c. 65., Regulation of Railways - t I Amended & repealed in part. 78

c. 57. - Poor Relief - - Amended 108

c. 119. - East India Bishops Amended 62

6 & 7 Vict. c. 9. - - 1 Annual Indemnity Act

» c. 28. - 1 Roman Catholic Oath in Repealed 48

Ireland -

c. 73. s. 33. - - Attorneys and Solicitors - Repealed 18

7 & 8 Vict. c. 10. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 15. in part, c. 81. 8. 13. - Factories - - Repealed 104

- Marriage Law (Ireland) - Amended 49

c. 85. - Construction of Railways Amended 78

& repealed

in part.

c. 90. in part - Protection of Purchasers Repealed 72

(Ireland).

c. 97. - Charitable Donations, &c. Amended 102

(Ireland).

8 & 9 Vict. c. 24., c. 52. " 1 Annual Indemnity Act -1 Jewish Disabilities - / Repealed 48

c. 67. - Jurors Books (Ireland) - Repealed 65

c. 70. - - Churches Building Amended 82

9 & 10 Vict. c. 13. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

10 & 11 Vict. c. 15. Gasworks Clauses Amended 41

c. 18. -11 & 12 Vict. c. 19. -} Annual Indemnity Acts - Repealed 48

c. 43. s. 35. in Summary Procedure Repealed 104

part., c. 120. in part _ Transfer of Landed Pro- Repealed 72

perty (Ireland). Repealed

12 & 13 Vict. c. 9. - Annual Indemnity Act - 48

c. 81. - - Epping Forest - Amended 93

c. 91. s. 87. - Collection of Rates, Repealed 65

Dublin.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 12. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 67. s. 6. - Brewers Licenses Repealed 111

c. 98. - - Union of Benefices Amended 90

14 & 16 Vict. c. 10. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 60. - Ecclesiastical Titles Repealed 53

c. 97. - Churches Building Amended 82

15 & 1$ Vict. c. 4. - Annual Indemnity Act - ] Representative Peers for > Scotland -

» c. 35. " Repealed 48

L.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 43. - Repeal of certain Dis- Repealed 48

abilities.

c. 48. ss. 1, 2, 3. Lunacy - Repealed 22

c. 84. Metropolis Water - Amended 113

8c repealed

in part.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 14. Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 107. in part - Customs - Repealed 103

c. 113. 88. 109- Common Law Procedure Repealed 65

117 (Ireland).

17 & 18 Vict. c. 39. Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 103. Towns Improvement (Ire- Amended 109

land).

c. 104. - Merchant Shipping Amended 110

& repealed

in part.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 49. Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. /0. - Public Libraries Amended 71

c. 91. Merchant Shipping Amended no

8c repealed

in part. 103

C. 96. 88. 1, 10. - Customs - Repealed

c. 120. - Metropolis Management - Amended 47

c. 122. - Metropolitan Buildings - Amended 39

19 & 20 Vict. c. 73. Annual Indemnity Ad; - Repealed 48

c. 88. in part University Tests Repealed 26

20 Vict. c. 7- - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

20 & 21 Vict. c. 71. Lunacy (Scotland) Amended 55

» c. 77* s. 7.- Probates and Letters of Repealed 48

Administration (Oaths).

£. 81. Burials - Amended 33

21 & 22 Vict. c. 48. - Oaths of Allegiance - ]

* c; 49. ss. 1-3. - Jewish Disabilities, &c. - > Repealed 48

c. 54. Annual Indemnity Act -

c. 78. s. 1. - Parliamentary Witnesses Repealed 83

>» c. 92. County Property Oaths and Affirmations - Amended 14

22 Vict. c. 10. Repealed 48

c. 14. - Manor Courts (Ireland) - Amended 76

c. 15. Annual Indemnity Act -Combination of Workmen Repealed 48

c. 34.- Repealed 32

c. 35. - Municipal Corporations Amended 67

(Ireland).

22 & 23 Vict. c. 37. ss. 4, 5. - \ 23 & 24 Vict. c. 22. in part - J Customs - Repealed 103

c. 40. Annual Indemnity Act - Jftepealed 48

c. 64. Burials - - Amended 33

c. 110. s. 4. Customs Repealed 103

c. 114. - Inland Revenue Amended 103

c. 152. -24 & 25 Vict. c. 28. s. 2. Tramways (Ireland) Amended 114

Holyhead Roads - Repealed 115

c. 40. Dean Forest Amended 85

c. 77. - Annual Indemnity Act - Repealed 48

c. 100. s. 41. - Offences against the Per- Repealed 32

c. 102. son. Tramways (Ireland) Amended 114

c. 124. in part - Metropolitan Police Repealed 35

25 & 26 Vict. c. 54. Lunacy (Scotland) - Amended 55

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 60. -, c. 66., - 26 & 27 Vict. c. 78., c. 107. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 27., t Annual Indemnity Act -Petroleum T Metropolis Roads -Annual Indemnity Act -Chain Cables and Anchors

i. «. 35. ., c. 47. -, o. 48. s. 7- in part, c. 49. /., c. 99. - Sale of (Beer (Ireland) Penal Servitude -Factories -, -Annual Indemnity Act -Civil Bill Courts

28 & 29 Vicfe c. 97. ' ' -, q. 126.', - 29 & 30 Vict. c. 22. -, c. 69. as. 8, 9. -, c. 90. - ., c. 116., 30 & 3? Vict. c. 6. -, c. 34. ss, 9, 10. - <v37. Annual Indemnity Act -Prisons Qualification for Offices -Dangerous Goods i Sanitary Act, 1866 (Ireland). Annual Indemnity Act -Metropolitan Poor Army Enlistment, Public Libraries (Scotland).

c. 54. -, c. 75. in part -, 0.84, - - Charitable Donations, &c. (Ireland). Oaths, &c. Vaccination

' c. 88. c. 101., - - Annual Indemnity Act -Public Health (Scotland)

o.ll7.-, c. 146. - . - Industrial and Provident Societiep. Workshops Regulation - ' i < *

31 & 32 Vict. c. 56. C. /5. - -, o. 118. c, 119. - 32 & 33 Vict. c. 14. - - . ->'*. - . 5 :; ' :ft -: Petroleum - -Promissory Oaths Petit J jmqs (Inland) Public Schools. Regulation of Railways -Inland Revenue Corrupt Practices Commission. Inland Revenue -Wine and Beerhouses Pensions Commutation -Trades Unions, Habitual Criminals Metropolitan Board of Works.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 1. - -I Provisional Order Bills -

g

How j Chapter of

affected. |34 & 35 Vict.

Repealed t 48 '

Repealed 105

Repealed 115

Repealed 48

Amended & repealed 101

in part. Amended 111

Amended 112

Repealed - 104

Repealed 48

Amended & repealed 99

i in part. Repealed 48

Amended 46

Repealed 48

Repealed 105

Amended 109

Repealed 48

Amended 15

Repealed 9

Amended, & repealed, 59

: in part. Amended 1 102

l Repealed 48

Amended & repealed 98

in part. Repealed 48

Amended & repealed 38

in part. Amended 80 '

Amended & repealed 19, 104

in part. Repealed 105

Amended, 48 ,

Repealed 65

Amended 60

Amended 78

Amended 103

Amended 61

Amended 103

Amended 88

Repealed 36

Repealed 31

Repealed 112

j Amended 47

1 Repealed 3

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 9. - Peace Preservation (Ireland). Amended 25

tt c. 24. Metropolitan Board of Works. Amended 47

c. 29. Wine and Beerhouses Amended 88

ft c. 46. - Landlord and Tenant (Ireland). Amended 92

>» c. 56. ss. 3, 6. - Limited Owners Residences. Repealed 84

it c. 61. - _ Life Assurance Companies Amended 58

tt c. 71. East India Stock - Amended 29

tf c. 72. - . Pedlars Certificates Repealed 96

tt c. 75. - Elementary Education - Amended 94

tt c. 77. s. 22. - Jurors - Repealed i 1

tt c. 79. in part - Post Office - Repealed 30

tt c. 97. Inland Revenue; Stamps Amended > & repealed in part. 4, 103

tt c. 101. - - Pensions Commutation - Repealed 36

tt c. 110. - - Marriage Law (Ireland) -Glebe Loans (Ireland) - Amended 49

tt c. 112. Amended 100

34 & 35 Vict. c. 3. s. 3. Parliamentary Witnesses - Repealed . 83

ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENTS OF SCOTLAND AND IRELAND REPEALED BY THE PROMISSORY OATHS ACT.

Act repealed.

Subject-matter.

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

Parliament of Scotland.

1617 (June 28), Act 8, 8. 1. 1661 (Jan. 1), c. 1. (l) -

1661 (Feb. 27), c. 62. (2)

1661 (July 9), c. 338. in part -

1689 (Mar. 19), c. 5.

1689 (June 17), c. 2. (8) ini

part -

1690 (May 12), c. 4.

1690 (June 7), c. 9.

1693 (May 19), c. 14. («) -J

Anent Justices for keeping the Peace Constituting the Chancellor President, and for taking the Oath of Parliament Oath of Allegiance, &c. Commission, &c. to Justices of Peace, &c. - V

Anent Oath by Persons in Military Employments

Oath of Allegiance, &c.

Repealed

48

(*) Ch. 2. Pari. 1. sess. 1. c. 1. in Murray's edition.

(2) Ch. 2. Pari. 1. sess. 1. c. 11. in Murray's edition.

(3) W. & M. Pari. 1. sess. 1. c. 2. in Murray's edition.

(4) W. & M. Pari. 1. sess. 2. c. 4. in Murray's edition.

(5) W. & M. Pari. 1. sess. 2. c. 7. in Murray's edition.

(6) 1693 (May 23), c. 6. in Murray's edition.

Act repealed.

Subject-matter.

Chapter of 34 & 35 Vict.

Parliament of Ireland.

2 Eli *, c. 1. as. 7-11.

2 Anne, c. 6. (except s. 25.) -1 8 Anne, c. 3. -

4 Geo. 1. c. 9. as. 1-4.

6 Geo. 1. c. 5. in part -

c. 9.

1 Geo. 2. c. 2. -, c. 20.

7 Geo. 2. c. 5. in part -

19 Geo. 2. c. IS. -13 & 14 Geo. 3. c. 35. -17 A 18 Geo. 3. c. 49. in part *| 21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. 24. in part >, c. 26. -Jj

c. 48. in part -

c. 57.

c. 62. in part 1

33 Geo. 3. c. 21. in part -

Restoring to the Crown" the ancient Jurisdiction over the State Ecclesiastical, &c.

Indemnity, Sco.

Continuing, &c. certain Statutes

Exempting Protestant Dissenters from certain Penalties -

Indemnity, &o. c.

Regulating the Admis- I sions of Barristers, &c.

Amendment of the Law in relation to Popish Solicitors, &c.

Quakers Affirmation, &c.

Oath of Allegiance

Roman Catholic Relief, &c.

Confirming certain Statutes -

Relief of Dissenters

Roman Catholic Relief -

Repealed

48

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

34 Victoria,

CHAP. 1.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta.

[28th February 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most gracious message, that Your Majesty has agreed to a marriage proposed between Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta and John Douglas Sutherland Campbell, commonly called the Marquess of Lome, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

And be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by letters patent under the great seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta, or to such persons as Her Majesty thinks fit to be named in such letters patent, in trust or for the use of Her Royal Highness, an annuity of six thousand pounds, to be settled on Her Royal Highness for life, in such manner as Her Majesty thinks proper, such annuity to commence from the date of the maniage of Her Royal Highness with John Douglas Sutherland Campbell aforesaid, to be free from all taxes, assessment, and charges, and to be paid quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October; the first payment to be made on such of the said quarterly days as happens next after the said marriage, of such portion of the said annuity as may have accrued between the date of such marriage and such quarterly day, and a proportionate part to be payable for the period from the last quarterly day of payment to the day of the determination thereof.

Power to Her Majesty to grant an annuity of 6,000l. to Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta for life.

2

Annuity to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

[Proviso.]

Section 22 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 77. repealed.

33 & 34 Vict c. 1. repealed.

Power to Select Committees on Bills confirming Provisional Orders to award costs.

Power to Committees of the House of Commons to examine witnesses on oath.

Ch. 1 — 3. Princess Louise's Annuity. 34 Vict.

2. The above annuity shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing produce thereof, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with preference to all other payments which may hereafter be charged on the said fund.

CHAP. 2.

An Act to repeal Section Twenty-two of "The Juries Act, 1870." [28th February 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act the twenty-second section of "The Juries Act, 1870/' shall be repealed.

Provided that nothing in this Act, or in the Juries Act (1870), shall affect any claim, right, or title to payment which any juror would have had in case neither of the said Acts had been passed.

CHAP. 3.

An Act to empower Committees on Bills confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders to award costs and examine witnesses on oath.

[28th February 1871.]

T> E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Act of the thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria, chapter one, is hereby repealed.

2. Any Select Committee of either House of Parliament to which any Bill for confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders has been referred, in relation to any Provisional Order therein contained, may award costs, in like manner and under the same conditions under which costs may be awarded by any Select Committee under the Act of the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Victoria, chapter twenty-seven; and the provisions of the said Act, so far as they are applicable, shall have effect accordingly.

3. Any Select Committee of the House of Commons to which any Bill for confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders has been referred, in relation to any Provisional Order therein contained, may examine witnesses upon oath upon any matter relating to such order, and for that purpose may administer an oath to any such witness.

1871. Provisional Order Bills (Committees). Ch. 3, 4. 3

4. For the purpose of this Act, the words ic Provisional Interpretation Order " shall include provisional certificates, schemes, and »

orders in the nature of Provisional Orders, made under the authority of any statute, and requiring to be confirmed, sanctioned, or carried into effect by Act of Parliament.

CHAP. 4.

An Act to amend " The Stamp Act, 1870," in relation to Foreign Securities, Mortgages of Stock, and Proxy Papers.

[30th March 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Sections 113 and 114 of "The Stamp Act, 1870," are Sections ns hereby repealed, and that Act shall be read and construed as JSVaivict. if the second and third sections of this Act had been therein c. 97. repealed, inserted and enacted in lieu of the said sections.

2. The term "foreign security" means and includes every interpretation security for money by or on behalf of any foreign or colonial ^<»oreig11 state, government, municipal body, corporation, or company, bearing date or signed after the third day of June one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two (except an instrument chargeable with duty as a bill of exchange or promissory note), -

(1.) Which is made or issued in the United Kingdom; or

(2.) Which, the interest thereon being payable in the United Kingdom, is assigned, transferred, or in any manner negotiated in the United Kingdom.

3. Every person who in the United Kingdom makes, issues, si^&ITany

assigns, transfers, or negotiates any foreign security not being foreign security duly stamped, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. stomal201

4. In lieu of the stamp duty now payable under "The As to Btamp

Stamp Act, 1870," there shall be charged upon — duty on certain

Letter or power of attorney, or commission, £ s. d. ProxJ papers, factory, or mandate, or other instrument in the nature thereof, for the sole purpose of appointing or authorising a proxy to vote at any one meeting at which votes may be given by proxy, whether the number of persons named in such instrument be one or more - - 0 0 I

5. In lieu of the stamp duty now payable under "The As to stamp

Stamp Act, 1870," there shall be charged upon — garaof^stock

Mortgage of any stock or marketable security: — &c.

For every 5,000J. and also for any fractional £ 8. d. part of 5,000£. of the amount secured - 0 10 0 And no release or discharge of any such mortgage shall be chargeable with any ad valorem duty.

6. This Act and "The Stamp Act, 1870," shall be read and stmed with0*"

construed together as one Act. 33 & 84 Vict.

A 2 c. 97.

Penalty on is-

Ch.

Income Tax Assessment.

34 Vict.

Application of existing Income Tax Acts to duties to be granted.

Power to issue 462, 5801 9s.

1 lr/. out of the

CHAP. 5.

An Act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax.

[30th March 1871.]

WHEREAS in order to ensure the collection in due time of any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one it is expedient that the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to assessment should be applied to such duties before the same are granted:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. All such provisions contained in any Act of Parliament relating to the duties of Income Tax as are in force at the date of the passing of this Act shall have lull force and effect with respect to any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, in the same manner as if such duties had been actually granted, and the said provisions had been applied thereto; provided that nothing in this Act shall be deemed to continue the rates of income tax granted by the Act of the session of the thirty-third and thirty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-two.

CHAP. 6.

An Act to apply the sum of four hundred and sixty-two thousand five hundred and eighty pounds nine shillings and elevenpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

[30th March 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YI/'E, Tour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;

L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the

1871. Consolidated Fund (<£)462, 580 9a. lid) Ch. 6, 7.

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply Consolidated towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for Fnnd* the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, the sum of four hundred and sixty-two thousand five hundred and eighty pounds nine shillings and elevenpence.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from Power to time to time on the credit of the said sum of four hundred J0r^rJnt'' and sixty-two thousand five hundred and eighty pounds nine credit of above shillings and elevenpence any sum or sums of equal or less sum. amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

CHAP. 7.

An Act to apply the sum of five million four hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

[31st March 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Power to issue time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the ComoiI-United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply dated Fund, towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thiirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, the sum of five million four hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred pounds.

L.

Ch. 7, 8. Consolidated Fund (<£5, 411, 900). 34 Vice,

Power to 2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from

toirowon0 ^me ^me on cre(^ the sa*d sum ^ve million credUofabove four hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred pounds any sum. sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall

repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were boiTowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

CHAP. 8.

An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of the West African Settlements to certain Offences committed out of Her Majesty's Dominions.

[31st March 1871.]

WHEREAS the inhabitants of certain territories in Africa adjoining Her Majesty's settlements of Sierra Leone, Gambia, Gold Coast, and Lagos, and the adjacent protectorates, not being within the jurisdiction of any civilised government, and crimes and outrages having been and being likely (unless restrained by law) to be committed within such territories against British subjects and persons resident within any of the said settlements, it is requisite to provide for the trial and punishment of such crimes and outrages:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

Jurisdiction of L Crimes or offences committed within twenty miles of the extended^11118 l)0imdary of any of the said settlements or of any adjacent protectorate by any of Her Majesty's subjects, or by persons not subjects of any civilised power against the persons of British subjects, or of persons resident within any of the said settlements, shall be cognizable in the Superior Courts exercising criminal jurisdiction within any of the said settlements, and shall be inquired of, tried, prosecuted, and, upon conviction, punished in such and the same manner as if the crime or offence had been committed within such settlements.

[Apprehension of persons within extended limits.]

2. Any person known or suspected to have committed a crime or offence within the first section of this Act may be apprehended in any of the said settlements, and kept in custody therein, in like manner as if the said crime or offence had been committed within such settlement.

Mutiny. Ch. 9. 7

CHAP. 9.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th April 1871.]

the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in

time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one Number of men hundred and thirty-five thousand and forty-seven men, includ- opining an average number of six thousand three hundred and eluding those eighty-five, all ranks, to be employed with the dep6ts in the employed at United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of regiments mints tenting serving in Her Majesty's Indian possessions, but exclusive of in India, but the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian exclusive of possessions: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or y

limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment India, within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of Articles of War War for the better government of Her Majesty's army, which

in all courts whatsoever; and copies of the same, printed by the Queen's printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same £yPthcQ^s shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be printer to be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War transmitted to Department to the judges of Her Majesty's superior courts J*udge8> &c* at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the governors of Her Majesty's dominions abroad: Provided

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and

that no person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such punish *

8 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

ments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which shall not accord with the provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the authority of the Government of India, respecting officers or soldiers or followers in Her Majesty's Indian army, being natives of India; and on the trial of all offences committed by any such native officer or soldier or follower, reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such native officers, soldiers, or followers, and to the established usages of the service.

Persons subject 2. All the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons

to this Act. who are or ghjj ke commissioned or in pay as an officer, or who are or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer or soldier, and to all warrant officers, and to all persons employed on the recruiting service receiving pay, and all pensioners receiving allowances in respect of such service, and to persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the royal artillery, royal engineers, and to master gunners, and to conductors of stores, and to the corps of royal military surveyors and draftsmen, and to all officers and persons who are or shall be serving in the Control Department, and to officers and soldiers serving in the transport, supply, and ordnance branches of the army service corps, and to persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any part of Her Majesty's army at home or abroad, under the command of any commissioned officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the provisions of an Act passed in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-five,) to any out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on duty in aid of the civil power, or for muster or inspection, or who having volunteered their services for that purpose shall be kept on duty in any fort, town, or garrison, and to all civil officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's establishments in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, or at foreign stations; and all the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as officers, or who shall be listed or in pay as non-commissioned officers or soldiers, or who are or shall be serving or hired to be employed in the artillery or any of the trains of artillery, or as master gunners or gunners, or as conductors of stores, or who are or shall be serving in the department of engineers, or in the corps of sappers and miners, or pioneers, or as military surveyors or draftsmen, or in the ordnance or public works or commissariat depart-

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. 9

ments, and to all storekeepers and other civil officers employed under the ordnance, and to all veterinary surgeons, medical storekeepers, apothecaries, hospital stewards, and others serving in the medical department of the said forces, and to all licensed suttlers, and all followers in or of any of the said forces; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any security which has been or shall be given by any officers, or their sureties, for the due performance of their respective offices, but that all such securities shall be and remain in full force and effect.

3. This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Provisions of Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, ^ct

as to the provisions herein contained for enlisting of recruits, ^y^uerray, whether minors or of full age, and swearing and attesting &c! such recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the provisions for the trial and punishment of officers and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny and desertion, or any other of the offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a court-martial, and also as to the provisions which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, medals for good conduct or for distinguished or other service, clothes, military furniture, or regimental necessaries from any soldier or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of any such clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the escape of a prisoner from a military prison, or who shall introduce forbidden articles into such prison, or shall carry out any such articles, or who shall assault any officer of such prison, and also as to the provisions for exempting soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any parish any wife or child or children, or on account of any breach of contract to serve or work for any employer, or on account of any debts under thirty pounds in the said islands.

4. All officers and soldiers of any troops mustered and in Colonial and

pay which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's dominions abroad, or in places in possession of or occupied iestj>8 ^y 'to by Her Majesty's subjects under the command of any officer be subject to having any commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall ° *

be subject to the provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like manner as Her Majesty's other forces

are; and if such officers and soldiers, having been made prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the provisions of this Act in regard to billeting soldiers shall apply to such officers and soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Provision as extend to any militia forces or yeomanry or volunteer corps

in Great Britain or Ireland, or to the reserve force provided or volunteer for by " The Reserve Force Act, 1867, '' or to the reserve force corps or re-provided for by " The Militia Reserve Act, 1867," excepting 8erve force8.

Mutiny. 34 Vict.

Power to constitute courts-

WiflTtiftl.

Place where offenders may be tried.

Powers of general courts-martial.

only where by any Act for regulating any of the said forces or corps the provisions contained in any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such forces or corps.

6. For the purpose of bringing offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to justice, Her Majesty may from time to time, in like manner as has been heretofore used, grant commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant commissions or warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the chief governor or governors of Ireland, the commander of the forces, or the person or persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the time being, any body of troops belonging to Her Majesty's army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's garrisons and dominions or elsewhere beyond seas, for convening courts-martial, and for authorising any officer under their respective commands to convene courts-martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under the command of any such last-mentioned officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon him such command: Provided that the officer so authorised be not below the degree of a field officer, except in detached situations beyond seas where a field officer is not in command, in which case a captain may be authorised to convene district or garrison courts-martial: Every officer so authorised to convene courts-martial may confirm the sentence of any court-martial convened by him according to the terms of his warrant.

7. Any person subject to this Act who shall, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the offences for which he may be liable to be tried by court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or in any other place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the commission of the offence, as if the offence had been committed where such trial shall take place.

8. Every general court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than nine commissioned officers, each of whom shall have held a commission for three years before the date of the assembly of the court. Every general court-martial shall have power to sentence any officer or soldier to suffer death, penal servitude, imprisonment, forfeiture of pay or pension, or any other punishment which shall accord with the usage of the service: No sentence of death by a court-martial shall pass unless two thirds at least of the officers present shall concur therein; no sentence of penal servitude shall be for a period of lees than five years; and no sentence of imprisonment shall be for a period longer than two years.

11

1871. Mutiny, Ch. 9.

9. Every district or garrison court-martial convened within Powers of dis-the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not trict or

less than seven commissioned officers, and shall have the same power as a general court-martial to sentence any soldier to such punishments as shall accord with the provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such district or garrison court-martial shall have power to try a commissioned officer, or to pass any sentence of death or penal servitude.

10. A regimental or detachment court-martial shall consist Powers of of not less than five commissioned officers, unless it is found

to be impracticable to assemble that number, in which case courts-martial, three shall be sufficient, and shall have power to sentence any soldier to corporal punishment, or to imprisonment, and to forfeiture of pay, in such manner as shall accord with the provisions of this Act.

LL In cases of mutiny, and insubordination accompanied Courts-martial with personal violence, or other offences committed on the march or in line of march, or on board any transport ship, convict ship, troop ships, &c. merchant vessel, or troop ship, not in commission, the offender may be tried by a regimental or detachment court-martial, and the sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the spot by the officer in the immediate command of the troops, provided that the sentence shall not exceed that which a regimental court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any officer commanding any Powers of detachment or portion of troops serving in any place beyond

seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a martial, general court-martial, upon complaint made to him of any offence committed against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in any country in which such troops are so serving by any person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's armies, being under the immediate command of any such officer, to convene a detachment general court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three commissioned officers, for the purpose of trying any such person; and every such court-martial shall have the same powers in regard to sentence upon offenders as are granted by this Act to general courts-martial: Provided always, that no sentence of any such court-martial shall be executed until the general commanding the army of which such detachment or portion forms part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. All general and other courts-martial shall administer As to swearing an oath to every witness or other person who shall be examined

before such court in any matter relating to any proceeding before the same; and every person, as well civil as military, who may be required to give or produce evidence before a court-martial, shall, in the case of general courts-martial, be summoned by the judge advocate general, or his deputy, or the person officiating as judge advocate, and in the case of all other courts-martial by the president of the court; and all persons so summoned and attending as witnesses before any

34 Vict.

12 Ch. 9.

Mutiny.

Oath to be administered to shorthand writer.

No second trial for the same offence, but revision may be allowed.

Crimes punishable with death.

court-martial shall, during their necessary attendance in or on such courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the court out of which the writ or process issued by which such witness was arrested, or if such court be not sitting, then by any judge of the superior courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such court or judge, by any affidavit in a summary way, that such witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such court-martial; and all witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give evidence, or not produce the documents under their power or control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such questions as the court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queens Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session or sheriff or stewart courts in Scotland, or in courts of law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, garrisons, or dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon complaint made, in like manner as if such witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a trial in any proceeding in the court in which such complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an oath necessary in any case where by law a solemn affirmation may be made instead thereof: It shall be lawful for the president of any court-martial to administer an oath to a shorthand writer to take down, according to the best of his power, the evidence to be given before the court.

14. No officer or soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted of any offence shall be liable to be tried a second time by the same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and no finding, opinion, or sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional evidence in respect of any charge on which the prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the court on any revision.

15. If any person subject to this Act shall at any time during the continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition in any forces belonging to Her Majesty's army, or Her Majesty's royal marines, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or shall conspire with any other person to cause a mutiny, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny or intended mutiny shall not, without delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall hold correspondence with or give advice or intelligence to any rebel or enemy of Her Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, or tokens, in any manner or way

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. IS

whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any terms with such rebel or enemy without Her Majesty's licence, or licence of the general or chief commander; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post to deliver up to the enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak words or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or others, to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's service; or shall leave his post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; or who being confined in a military prison shall offer any violence against a visitor or other his superior military officer, being in the execution of his office; all and every person and persons so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such offence be committed within this realm or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land or upon the sea, shall suffer death, or penal servitude, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any non-commissioned officer or soldier attested for or in pay in any regiment or corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other regiment or corps, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

16. In all cases where the punishment of death shall have Judgment of

been awarded by a general court-martial or detachment general j *

court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any

place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the tude or other commanding officer having authority to confirm the sentence, pw^tments. instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order the offender to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such term of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

17. 'Any officer or soldier of Her Majesty's army, or any Embezzlement, person employed in the War Department, or in any way concerned in the care or distribution of any money, provisions, servitude, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other stores belonging or by fine, im-to Her Majesty's army or for Her Majesty's use, who shall pnsonment, &c. embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the [iVo. 2. Price 2d] B

14 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

same by a general court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such punishment of fine, imprisonment with or without hard labour, dismissal from Her Majesty's service, reduction to the ranks if a warrant or non-commissioned officer, as such court shall think fit, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and every such offender shall, in addition to any other punishment, make good at his own expense the loss and damage sustained, and in every such case the court is required to ascertain by evidence the amount of such loss or damage, and to declare by their sentence that such amount shall be made good by such offender; and the loss and damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any court in Her Majesty's colonies, or in India, where the person sentenced by such court-martial shall be resident, after the said judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the offender, if he shall remain in the service, may be put under stoppages not exceeding one half of his pay and allowances until the amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

As to execu- 18. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any sentence tion of sen- of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any

at ngnol X A a w

servitude in offender by any court-martial shall be carried into execution the United for the term specified in such sentence or for any shorter term.

Kingdom. or Shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to penal

servitude any sentence of death passed by any such court, the sentence, together with Her Majesty's pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in writing by the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's army in Great Britain and Ireland, or by the adjutant general, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such judge shall make an order for the penal servitude of such offender in conformity with Such notification, and shall do all such other acts consequent upon such notification as such judge is authorised to do by any Act in force touching the penal servitude of other offenders; and it shall be lawful for any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an order that any such offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in penal servitude in England; and such order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such offender had been convicted in England, and the order had been made by any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the person in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, and all other persons whatsoever whom the said order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same punishment for disobedience to or for interrupting the execution of such order as if the order had been made under the authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every

15

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9.

person so ordered to be kept in penal servitude stall be subject to every provision made by law and in force concerning persons under sentence of penal servitude; and from the time when such order of penal servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the escape of felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without leave, shall apply to such offender, and to all persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any escape or intended escape or returning without leave of any such offender; and the judge who shall make any order of penal servitude as aforesaid shall direct the notification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and his own order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of record in the office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said clerk shall have a fee of two shillings and sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on application, deliver a certificate in writing (not taking more than two shillings and sixpence for the same) to such offender or to any person applying in his or Her Majesty's behalf, showing the Christian and surname of such offender, his offence, the place where ike court was held before which he was convicted, and the conditions on which the order of penal servitude was made; which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and sentence of such offender, and also of the terms on which such order for his penal servitude was made, in any court and in any proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

10. Whenever any sentence of penal servitude heretofore As to execution or hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial of sef holden in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, or Sfthe colonies, elsewhere beyond the seas, is to be carried into execution India, or eise-for the term specified in such sentence or for any shorter hct'mSmw's term, or when sentence of death passed by any such court- domiSons. martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to penal servitude, the same shall be notified by the officer commanding Her Majesty's forces at the presidency or station where the offender may come or be, or in his absence by the adjutant general for the time being, if in India to the chief judge or any judge of the chief civil court of the presidency or province in which the court-martial shall have been held, and if in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions to the chief justice or some other judge therein, and such judge shall make order for the intermediate custody and penal servitude of such offender; and the offender shall, until handed over in pursuance of any such order to the civil authorities, be detained in military custody, and may be moved in such custody from place to place as circumstances may require; and upon any such order being made it shall be duly notified to the governor of the presidency if in India, or to the governor of the colony if in any of Her Majesty's colonies, or to the person who shall for the time being be exercising the office of governor of such presidency or colony, who, on receipt of such notifica-

1G Cf. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

tion, shall cause such offender to be removed or sent to some other colony or place, or to undergo his sentence within the presidency or colony where the offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the directions for the removal and treatment of convicts which shall from time to time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such presidency or colony; and such offender shall according to such directions undergo the sentence of penal servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the presidency or colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under such sentence, in the same manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in such presidency or colony, or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively; and elsewhere out of Her Majesty's dominions the officer commanding shall have power to make an order in writing for the penal servitude or intermediate custody of such offender; and such offender shall be liable by virtue of such order to be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under the sentence of the court, in the same manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with bard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in the place where he may be ordered to be kept in such intermediate custody, or in the place to which he may be removed for the purpose of undergoing his sentence of penal servitude. If any prisoner shall be brought to any place in the United Kingdom there to undergo any sentence of penal servitude which has been passed upon him by a court-martial held elsewhere, and the judge's or officer's order herein-before prescribed for his penal servitude and intermediate custody shall not be forthcoming, and the judge advocate general, upon application for that purpose, shall certify that it appears from the original proceedings of the court-martial whereby the prisoner was tried that he has been duly sentenced to penal servitude, and that for anything that appears to the contrary thereon such sentence is still in force against the said prisoner for the period to be stated in such certificate, then it shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon consideration of such certificate, to direct, in writing under his hand, that the said prisoner shall be at once removed to a convict prison, and be imprisoned and kept to hard labour according to the sentence stated in such certificate, and thereupon the prisoner shall be removed to such convict prison, and shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour,

Mutiny.

Ch. 9.

and be otherwise dealt with during the term of his sentence, as if he had been sentenced to a like term of penal servitude by a competent court in the United Kingdom.

20. In any case where a sentence of penal servitude shall have been awarded by a general or detachment general court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the offender be, imprisoned, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, for such term not exceeding two years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the officers commanding as aforesaid.

21. Where an award of any forfeiture, or of deprivation of pay or of stoppages of pay, shall have been added to any sentence of penal servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, in the event of the sentence being commuted for imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

22. No court-martial shall, for any offence whatever committed under this Act during the time of peace within the Queen's dominions, have power to sentence any soldier to corporal punishment; provided that any court-martial may sentence any soldier to corporal punishment while on active service in the field, or on board any ship not in commission, for mutiny, insubordination, desertion, drunkenness on duty or on the line of march, disgraceful conduct, or any breach of the Articles of War; and no sentence of corporal punishment shall exceed fifty lashes.

23. It shall be lawful for any general, district, or garrison court-martial, in addition to any sentence of corporal punishment, to award imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, such confinement not exceeding the periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

24. In all cases in which corporal punishment shall form the whole or part of the sentence awarded by any court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, to commute such corporal punishment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding forty-two days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, or to mitigate such sentence, or instead of such sentence to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement and corporal punishment, to be inflicted in the prison, not exceeding twenty-five lashes, and the solitary confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no case

17

A sentence of penal servitude may be commuted for imprisonment, &c.

Of forfeitures, when combined with penal servitude.

Courts-martial may not sentence to corporal punishment in time of peace.

Power to inflict corporal punishment and imprisonment.

Power to commute corporal punishment for imprisonment, &c.

18 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

exceed seven days at a time, with intervals of not less than seven days between each period of such confinement.

Power to com- 25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all cases whatso-0Ver> instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put ''°n*mng. execu^on? order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in

addition thereto, to suffer such loss of army or regimental rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

Power of imprisonment by

26. A general, garrison, or district court-martial may sentence any soldier to imprisonment, with or without hard ror'St lahour, and with or without solitary confinement, but such courts-martial, solitary confinement shall not exceed the periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

Power of imprisonment by

27. Any regimental or detachment court-martial may sentence any soldier to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding forty-two days, and with courts-martial, or without solitary confinement not exceeding the periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

As to imprison- 28. Whenever sentence shall be passed by a court-martial erTimidffeXld" on 811 already under sentence either of imprisonment

under sentence. or penal servitude, the court may award a sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude for the offence for which he is under trial, to commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the terms of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which any of those punishments could be otherwise awarded. Whenever Her Majesty, or any general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, shall commute a sentence of penal servitude or corporal punishment to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence shall be so commuted shall, at the time of such commutation, be under sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or the general or other officer who shall so commute such sentence, to direct that such commuted sentence of imprisonment shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which such prisoner shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the term of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which any of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Regulations as 29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the prisoM?*7 War Department, and in India for the Governor General in Council, to set apart any buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any part or parts thereof, as military prisons, and to declare that any building or any two or more buildings shall be, and thenceforth such building or buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a military prison; and every military prison which, under the provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public prison

19

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9.

within the meaning of this Act; and all and every the powers and authorities with respect to county gaols or houses of correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such military prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department* and in India by the Governor General in Council; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor General in Council, from time to time to make, alter, and repeal rules and regulations for the government and superintendence of any such military prison, and of the governor, provost marshal, officers, and servants thereof, and of the offenders confined therein, which said rules and regulations so made as aforesaid shall remain and continue to be in force until the same are altered or repealed by Her Majesty's said Secretary of State for War, or in India by the Governor General in Council; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor General in Council, from time to time to appoint an inspector general and inspectors of military prisons, and a governor, or provost marshal, and all other necessary officers and servants for any such military prison, and, as occasion may arise, to remove the governor or provost marshal, officer or servant of any such military prison; and the general or other officer commanding any district or station within which may be any such military prison, or such general or other officer, and such other person or persons as the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council, may from time to time appoint, shall be a visitor or visitors of such prison; and the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council, may authorise any general officer commanding to appoint periodically visitors to any military prison within his command; and the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council or the general officer so appointing, shall transmit to the visitor or visitors of every military prison established by his authority a copy of the rules and regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such prison; and every inspector, visitor, and governor of any such military prison shall, subject to such rules and regulations as may from time to time be made by the said Secretary of State, or in India by the Governor General in Council, have and exercise in respect of such prison, and of the governor, officers, and servants thereof, and of the prisoners confined therein, all the powers and authorities, as well in respect of administering oaths as otherwise, which any inspector, visiting justice, or governor of a county gaol or house of correction may respectively exercise as such.

30. Every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of As to the cns-any public prison or of any gaol or house of correction in any ^ersi^er part of Her Majesty's dominions shall receive into his custody ^ntence ot *

21)

court-martial and in other

cases.

As to the removal or discharge of prisoners in certain cases.

any military offender under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the general commanding in chief, or the adjutant general, or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the regiment or corps to which the offender belongs or is attached, which order shall specify the offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and hour of the day on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and whenever troops are called out in aid of the civil power, or are stationed in billets, or are on the line of march, every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement, shall receive into his custody any soldier for a period not exceeding seven days, upon delivery to him of an order in writing on that behalf from the officer commanding such troops.

31. In the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than the military prisons set apart by the authority of this Act, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the general commanding in chief, or the adjutant general, or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the district or garrison in which such prisoner may be, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment or penal servitude under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than such military prison as aforesaid, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the general commanding in chief or the adjutant general of Her Majesty's forces in the case of any such prisoner, and for the Commander-in-Chief in India in the case of any prisoner So confined in any part of Her Majesty's Indian dominions, and for the general commanding in chief in any presidency in India in the case of a prisoner so therein confined, and for the officer commanding in chief or the officer who confirmed the pro-

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9, 21

ceedings of the court at any foreign station in the case of a prisoner so there confined, to give as often as occasion may arise an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of any prisoner who shall be removed by any such order from any such prison, gaol, or house of correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other prison or place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the officer who gave such order shall also give an order in writing directing the governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of such other prison or place to receive such prisoner into his custody, and specifying the offence of which such prisoner shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and the hour on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment or penal servitude under the sentence of a court-martial in any military prison in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, the Secretary of State for the War Department, or the general officer commanding the district or station in which the prison may be situated, shall have the like powers in regard to the discharge and delivery over of such prisoners to military custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the military authorities above mentioned in respect of any prisoners undergoing confinement as aforesaid in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions; and such prisoner in any of the cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the production of any such order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the case may be: Provided always, that the time during which any prisoner under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial shall be detained in such military custody under such order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as imprisonment under the sentence for whatever purpose such detention shall take place; and such prisoner may during such time, either when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal.

32. The gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Provision for of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in sentence.

22 Ch. 9.

Mutiny. 34 Vict.

Expiration of imprisonment of soldiers in common gaols.

Apprehension of deserters in the United Kingdom.

any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall diet and supply every soldier imprisoned therein under the sentence of a court-martial or as a deserter with fuel and other necessaries according to the regulations of such place of confinement, and shall receive on account of every soldier, out of the subsistence of such soldier during the period of his imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland, one shilling per diem, and in other parts of Her Majesty's dominions sixpence per diem: Provided also, that in all cases where such soldier is sentenced to be discharged from the army on the completion of his term of imprisonment, the Secretary of State for the War Department may cause to be issued out of army votes, upon application in writing, signed by any justice within whose jurisdiction such place of confinement shall be locally situated, together with a copy of the order of commitment, a further sum not exceeding sixpence per diem, and which said sum of one shilling or of sixpence, and the further sum, if any, as the case may be, shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed. In India the expenses incurred under the provisions of this section shall be paid in the same manner as the other expenses of such prison, or as may be provided by the laws or regulations to be made in that behalf.

33. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, or other place of confinement, to whom any notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason to know or believe, that any person in his custody for any offence, civil or military, is a soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the expiration of his imprisonment, shall forthwith, or as soon as may be, give, if in Great Britain, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the general commanding Her Majesty's forces in Ireland, or if in India to the adjutant general of the army, or to the nearest military authority with whom it may be convenient to communicate, notice of the day and hour on which the imprisonment of such person will expire; and every such gaoler or keeper is hereby required to use his best endeavours to ascertain and report in all cases where practicable the particular regiment or corps, battalion of a regiment or battery of artillery, to which such soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the dep6t or the head quarters of his regiment; and in the event of his being a recruit who has not joined, that it may be so stated in his report, together with the name of the place where the man enlisted. In all cases where the soldier in custody is under sentence to be discharged from the service on the completion of his term of imprisonment, and the discharge document is in the hands of the gaoler, such gaoler shall not be required to make any report thereof to the Secretary of State for War, or to the military authorities herein-before referred to.

34. Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter it shall be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9.

immediately met with, then for any officer or soldier in Her Majesty's service, or other person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any justice living in or near the place where he was so apprehended and acting for the county, city, district, place, or borough wherein such place is situate, or for the county adjoining such first-mentioned county or such borough; and such justice is hereby authorised and required to inquire whether such suspected person is a deserter, and from time to time to defer the said inquiry and to remand the said suspected person in the manner prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, section twenty-one, and subject to every provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice by the testimony of one or more witnesses taken upon oath, or by the confession of such suspected person, confirmed by some corroborative evidence upon oath or by the knowledge of such justice, that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil custody to the head quarters or depot of the regiment or corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible distance from the place of commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public prison (other than a military prison set apart under the authority of this Act) or police station legally provided as a lock-up house for temporary confinement of persons taken into custody, whether such prison or police station be in the county or borough in which such suspected person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the deserter has been apprehended by a party of soldiers of his own regiment or corps in charge of a commissioned officer, such justice may deliver him up to such party, unless the officer shall deem it necessary to have the deserter committed to prison for safe custody; and such justice shall transmit an account of the proceedings, in the form prescribed in the schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, specifying therein whether such deserter was delivered to his regiment or corps, or to the party of his regiment or corps, in order to his being taken to the head quarters or dep6t of his regiment or corps, or whether such deserter was committed to prison, to the end that the person so committed may be removed by an order from the office of the said Secretary of State, and proceeded against according to law; and such justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a report stating the names of the persons by whom or by or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to such justice an order for the payment to such persons of such sum not exceeding forty shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true intent and meaning

In Her Majesty's foreign dominions.

Transfer of deserters.

As to the temporary custody of deserters in gaols.

of this Act; and for such information, commitment, and report as aforesaid the clerk of the said justice shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and no more; and every gaoler and other person into whose custody any person charged with desertion is committed shall immediately upon the receipt of the person so charged into his custody pay such fee of two shillings, and also upon the production of a receipt from the medical practitioner who, in the absence of a military medical officer, may have been required to examine such suspected person, a fee of two shillings and sixpence, and shall notify the fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and transmit also to the said Secretary of State a copy of the commitment, to the end that such Secretary of State may order repayment of such fees; and when any such person shall be apprehended and committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public prison, if the regiment or corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such part, or, if the regiment or corps be in such part, the justice may deliver him into custody at the nearest military post if within reasonable distance, although the regiment to which such person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such military post; and such justice shall in every case transmit to the general or other officer commanding a descriptive return in the form prescribed in the schedule to this Act | annexed, to the end that such person may be removed by order of such officer, and proceeded against according to law; and such descriptive return purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence of the facts and matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such person so committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by order of the general or other officer commanding to serve in any regiment or corps or dep6t nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other regiment or corps to which it may be desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such transfer of service to be tried and punished as a deserter.

35. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in any part of Her Majesty's dominions is hereby required to receive and confine therein every deserter who shall be delivered into his custody by any soldier or other person conveying such deserter under lawful authority, on production of the warrant of the justice of the peace on which such deserter shall have been taken, or some order from the office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which order shall continue in force until the deserter shall have arrived at his destination; and such gaoler or keeper

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. 25

shall be entitled to one shilling for the safe custody of the said deserter while halted on the march, and to such subsistence for his maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's regulations.

36. Any recruit for Her Majesty's army who, having been Desertion of attested or received pay other than enlisting money, shall

desert before joining the regiment or corps for which he has regb^ts or

enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such corps.

desertion by any justice of the peace upon the testimony of

one or more witnesses upon oath, or upon his own confession,

forfeit his personal bounty, and be liable to be transferred to

any regiment or corps or depot nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other regiment or

corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that

he should be transferred: Provided always, that such deserters

thus transferred shall not be liable to other punishment for the offence, or to any other penalty except the forfeiture of

their personal bounty.

37. Any person who shall confess himself to be a deserter Fraudulent

from Her Majesty's forces, or from the embodied militia, shall of

be liable to be taken before any two justices of the peace

acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on proof that any such confession as aforesaid was false shall by the said justices be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a rogue and vagabond, and if elsewhere by commitment to some prison or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and if, when such person shall. be brought before the said justices, it shall be proved to their satisfaction that such confession has been made, but evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession shall not at that time be forthcoming, such justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such person in the manner herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a statement of the case and descriptive return to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a request to be informed whether such person appears to belong or to have belonged to the regiment or corps from which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a letter from the War Office in reply thereto, referring to such statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in evidence against such person, and shall be deemed to be legal evidence of the facts stated therein, and on the receipt thereof the said justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the case.

In India the authority herein given to two justices may be exercised by one European justice or magistrate.

38. When there shall not be any military officer of rank not Furlough in inferior to captain, or any adjutant of regular militia, within of sick- convenient distance of the place where any non-commissioned

26 Ch. 9.

Mutiny. 34* Vict.

officer or soldier on furlough shall be detained by sickness or other casualty rendering necessary any extension of such furlough, it shall be lawful for any justice who shall be satisfied of such necessity to grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall by letter immediately certify such extension and the cause thereof to the commanding officer of the corps or detachment to which such non-commissioned officer or soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the agent of the regiment or corps, in order that the proper sum may be remitted to such non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall not during the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any soldier from trial and punishment, according to the provisions of this Act, for any false representation made by him in that behalf to the said justice, or for any breach of discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said extension of ftirlough.

No person 39. No person subject to this Act, having been acquitted

acquitted or or convicted of any crime or offence by the civil magistrate

COllVlOted ny O

the civil magis- or by the verdict of a jury, shall be liable to be again con-trate or by a victed for the same crime or offence by a court-martial, or to b^ coret*1 k0 Punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the martial for the case of a commissioned officer, or in the case of a warrant same offence, officer by reduction to an inferior class or to the rank of a private soldier by order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the case of a non-commissioned officer by reduction to the ranks by order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the colonel, or in the militia by order of the appointed commandant of the regiment or corps; and whenever any officer or soldier shall have been tried by any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, the clerk of such court or other officer having the custody of the records of such court, or the deputy of such clerk, shall, if required by the officer commanding the regiment or corps to which such officer or soldier shall belong, transmit to him a certificate setting forth the offence of which the prisoner was convicted, together with the judgment of the court thereon if such officer or soldier shall have been convicted, or of the acquittal of such officer or soldier, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three shillings.

Soldiers liable 40. Any person attested for Her Majesty's army, or serving 0n Permanen*' lik© disembodied militia or volunteers

servi^OT^ for other than as a commissioned officer, shall be liable to be taken felony, misde- out of Her Majesty's service only by process or execution on ^°Mnonntr accoun^ of any charge of felony or of misdemeanor, or of any fog to*3o2 and crime or offence other than the misdemeanor of absenting upwards. himself from his service, or neglecting to fulfil his contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money, or on account of an original debt

7

.1871. Mycting. Ch. 9.

proved by affidavit of the plaintiff or of some one on his behalf to amount to the value of thirty pounds at the least, over and above all costs of suit, such affidavit to be sworn, without payment of any fee, before some judge of the court out of which process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorised to take affidavits in such court of which affidavit, when duly filed in such court, a memorandum shall, without fee, be endorsed upon the back of such process, stating the fects sworn to, and the day of filing such affidavit; but Soldiers not no soldier or other person as aforesaid shall be liable by ^of any process whatever to appear before any justice of the Her Majesty's peace or other authority whatever, or to be taken out of service for Her Majesty's service by any writ, summons, warrant, order, so^or^oTnot judgment, execution, or any process whatsoever issued by maintaining or by the authority of any court of law, or any magistrate, t^ir families, justice or justices of the peace, or any other authority what- of contnw^ soever, for any original debt not amounting to thirty pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any parish, township, or place, or to the common fund of any union, any relation or child which such soldier or person might, if not in Her Majesty's service, be compellable by law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the mother of any bastard child, or to any person who may have been appointed to have the custody of such child, any sum to be paid in pursuance of an order on that behalf, or for the breach of any contract, covenant, agreement, or other engagement whatever by parol or in writing, or for having left or deserted his employer or master, or his contract, work, or labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the case of an apprentice, or of an indentured labourer, as herein-after described; and all summonses, warrants, commitments, indictments, convictions, judgments, and sentences on account of any of the matters for which it is herein declared that a soldier or other person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all intents and purposes; and any judge of any such court may examine into any complaint .made by a soldier or by his superior officer, and by warrant under his hand discharge such soldier, without fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable costs to such complainant, who shall have for the recovery thereof the like remedy as would have been applicable to the recovery of any costs which might have been awarded against the complainant in any judgment or execution as aforesaid, or a writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the discharge of any such soldier out of custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any plaintiff, upon notice of the cause of action first given in writing to any soldier, or left at his last quarters, may proceed in any action or suit to

Officers not to be sheriffs or mayors, & c.

Questions to be put to recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to be enlisted.

When recruits to be taken before a justice.

Dissent and relief from enlistment

Off. 9. Mutiny. 34* Vict.

judgment, and have execution other than against the body or military necessaries or equipments of such soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a master or employer, or to the breach of any contract, agreement, or engagement, shall apply to persons who shall be really and bon& fide apprentices, duly bound, under the age of twenty-one years, or to indentured labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

41. No person who shall be commissioned and in full pay as an officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be sheriff of any county, borough, or other place, or to be mayor, portreeve, alderman, or to hold any office in any municipal corporation in any city, borough, or place in Great Britain or Ireland.

42. Every person authorised to enlist recruits or to enrol men under any Reserve Force Acts, or to enlist men under any Militia Reserve Acts, shall first ask the person about to be so enlisted or enrolled whether he belongs to any and what force in Her Majesty's service, and also such other questions as the proper authorities may direct to be put to such persons, , and in case of a recruit shall immediately after giving him enlisting money serve him with a notice in the form set forth in the schedule to this Act annexed.

43. Every person who shall receive enlisting money in manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, upon such receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a soldier in Her Majesty's service, and while he shall remain with the recruiting party shall be entitled to be billeted.

44. Every person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within ninety-six hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included) but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlistment, appear, together with some person employed in the recruiting service, before a justice of the peace, not being an officer of the army, for the purpose of being attested as a soldier, or of objecting to his enlistment.

45. When a recruit upon appearing before a justice for the purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his enlistment, and shall satisfy the justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the recruit absolutely, and shall report such discharge to the inspecting field officer of the district, or in the case of a recruit enlisted at the head quarters or dep6t of a regiment to the officer commanding the same; but if the recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the justice that the enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon repayment of the enlisting money, and of any sum received by him in respect of pay, and of a further sum of twenty shillings as smart money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the sum paid by such recruit upon his discharge shall be kept by the justice, and, after deducting therefrom one shilling

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. 29

as the fee for reporting the payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the inspecting field officer of the district, shall be paid over to any person belonging to the recruiting party who may demand the same; and the justice who shall discharge any recruit shall in every case give a certificate thereof, signed with his hand, to the recruit, specifying the cause thereof.

46. Any person may be enlisted for some particular arm Enlistment for or branch of service, and if he shall enlist for cavalry or branch^ arm infantry he shall be at liberty to declare and state the par- of service or for ticular regiment of cavalry or infantry into which he desires *eaeral service, to enlist, and he shall be attested for the same, and be sent thereto with all convenient speed; but if no such statement or declaration be made by such person at the time of his attestation as aforesaid, then he shall be attested for general service, and it shall be lawful for the military authorities at any time within twelve months after his attestation to attach him to such arm or branch of service, or to such regiment of cavalry or infantry, excluding colonial corps, as to them shall seem to be most fitting and convenient for Her Majesty's service: Provided always, that after the recruit shall have been attached to any regiment he shall not be removed or transferred therefrom, save and except under the provisions of any statute for the time being in force.

If the recruit on appearing before a justice shall not dissent Attesting of from his enlistment, or dissenting shall within twenty-four recrmts-hours return and state that he is unable to pay the sums mentioned in the last section, he shall be attested as follows: the justice, or some person deputed by him, shall read to the recruit the questions set forth in the form contained in the schedule to this Act annexed, cautioning him that if he fraudulently make any false answer thereto he shall be liable to be punished as a rogue and a vagabond; and the answers of the recruits shall be recorded opposite to the said questions, and the justice shall require the recruit to make and sign the declaration in the said form, and shall then administer to him the oath of allegiance in the said form; and when the recruit shall have signed the said declaration, and taken the said oath, the justice shall attest the same by his signature, and shall deliver to the recruiting officer the declaration so signed and attested; and the fee for such attestation, including the declaration and oath, shall be one shilling and no more; and any recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified copy of the above-mentioned declaration by the officer who finally approved of him for the service.

47. No recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall ^ecr^, el^Jl have received pay other than enlisting money, shall be liable atSted^r re to be tried by court-martial; but if any person previously to ceived pay, not his being attested or enrolled shall by means of any false answer oDtain enlistment or other money, or shall make any £ut in^rtain false statement in his declaration, or shall refuse to answer cases punish-

30

able as rogues and vagabonds.

Attested recruits triable in some cases either before two justices or before a court-martial.

Recruits

absconding.

As to militiamen fflluttwg into regular forces.

any question duly authorised to be put to him for the purpose of filling up such declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, or having in the case of a recruit dissented from his enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such money as aforesaid, in any of such cases it shall be lawful for any two justices within the United Kingdom, or for any one justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be, to adjudge such person, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to be a rogue and vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, to be imprisoned with hard labour in any prison or house of correction for any period not exceeding three calendar months.

48. Any person who shall have been attested or enrolled in the regular army or reserves, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false answer to any question directed to be put by the proper authorities, or shall have made any wilfully false statement in the declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the discretion of proper military authorities, to be proceeded against before the two justices in the manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a district or garrison court-martial for the same, and punished in such manner as such court shall direct; and the declaration made by such person on his attestation or enrolment purporting to be made in accordance with the schedule to this Act annexed or with the regulations of the Secretary of State shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence, whether before such justice or justices or before any court-martial, of such person having represented the several [particulars as stated in such declaration.

49. If any recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a justice for attestation, the recruiting party shall produce to the justice before whom the recruit ought to have been brought for that purpose a certificate of the name and place of residence and description of such recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the justice to whom such certificate shall be produced shall transmit a duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the Ci Police Gazette." For the purposes of this section and all purposes of attestation and enlistment, a justice of any county or borough shall be deemed to be a justice of any other county or borough.

50. If any man while belonging to a militia regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's army, he shall be liable to be tried before a court-martial on a charge for deser-

31

1871.

Ch. 9.

tion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to give such general directions as may from time to time appear to him necessary for placing any man who confesses hirnaftlf to be a militiaman under stoppage of one penny a day of his pay for eighteen calendar months, in lieu of his being tried by court-martial, and in case such militiaman shall have belonged to the Militia Reserve at the time of his attestation for placing him under a further stoppage of one penny a day for two hundred and forty days, and further to give general directions as to the manner in which such stoppages shall be applied, and whether, on making good the same, the man shall he returned to his militia regiment or be deemed to be a soldier in the same manner as if he had not been a militiaman at the time of his attestation: Provided that if the regiment of militia from which the man has deserted be within the United Kingdom, the Secretary of State for the War Department shall not make such latter order without the consent of the commanding officer of such regiment: Provided also, that every soldier who while belonging to a militia regiment enlisted in Her Majesty's army, whether such enlistment took place before or after the passing of the Mutiny Act, 1860, shall reckon service towards the performance of his limited engagement from the date of his attestation: Provided also, that any such soldier shall not reckon service for pension until the day on which his engagement for the militia would have expired; but if any such soldier shall subsequently to his enlistment have rendered long, faithful, or gallant service, the Secretary of State for War may, upon the special recommiendation of the Commander-in-Chief, order that he may reckon service for pension from the date of his attestation. If any non-commissioned officer of the volunteer permanent staff enlists in Her Majesty's army he may be tried and punished as a deserter, but if he confesses his desertion the Secretary of State for the War Department, instead of causing him to be tried and panished as a deserter, may cause him to be returned to his service on the volunteer permanent staff, to be there put under stoppages from his pay until he has repaid the amount of any bounty received by him and the expenses attending his enlistment, and also the value of any arms, &c. issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him; or may cause him to be held to his service in Her Majesty's army, with a direction, if it seems fit, that his time of service therein shall not be reckoned for pension until the time when his engagement on the volunteer permanent staff would have expired; and may further cause him to be put under stoppages of one penny a day of his pay until he has repaid the expense attending his engagement or attestation on the volunteer permanent staff, and also the value of any arms, clothing, or appointments issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

32 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

Punishment of 51. Every person subject to this Act who shall wilfully ac^ contrar7 any of its provisions in any matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of recruits for Her Majesty's army to enlistment shall be liable to be tried for such offence before a general, district, or garrison court-martial, and to be sentenced to such punishments other than death or penal servitude as such courts may award.

re^Stoentnd shall be lawful for any justice of the peace or person

and transfer^ exercising the office of a magistrate within any of Her another corps Majesty's dominions abroad, and in any colony for any other abroad. person duly authorised in that behalf by the governor or officer administering the government of such colony, and beyond the limits of Her Majesty's dominions for any British consul or person duly exercising the authority of a British consul, and in Her Majesty's dominions in India for any person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General or lieutenant governor or other officer administering the government of any presidency, division, or province, and within the territories of any foreign state in India for the person performing the duties of the office of British resident therein, and for any other person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local limits of their several authorities any soldiers or persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's army; and it shall be lawful, notwithstanding anything contained in the statute twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter one hundred, for any person so authorised in Her Majesty's dominions in India, or within the territories of any foreign state in India, to enlist and attest within the local limits of his authority any persons desirous of enlisting in Her Majesty's Indian forces. Any such magistrate or person as aforesaid shall have the same powers in that behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to justices in the United Kingdom for all such purposes of enlistment and attestation; but no such magistrate or other person authorised to enlist and attest as above meiltioned shall be a general officer or hold any regimental commission; and all such appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full effect, notwithstanding the expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any person so attested shall be deemed to be an attested soldier.

When any corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any ferred to sue- station beyond the seas it shall be lawful for any officers ceeding corps, thereunto authorised by the officer commanding in chief at such station to receive as transfers as many of the soldiers belonging to the corps leaving the station as shall be willing and fit for service for any corps appointed to remain; and every soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former corps, and an attested certificate of transfer shall be delivered to the soldier.

33

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9.

54. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, and on Soldiers may any foreign station for the general or other officer commanding

at such station, to direct that any soldier attested for any to another, one branch of the service shall, on the application of his commanding officer, and with his own consent, be transferred to some other branch of the service or to some other regiment or corps in the same branch of the service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every soldier so transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former corps, and shall have a certificate of transfer delivered to him:

Provided always, that any soldier who may have volunteered for the corps of armourer sergeants, or for the army hospital corps, or the transport, supply, or ordnance branches of the army service corps, shall be liable, by order of the military authorities above mentioned, to be re-transferred to his former corps, or to any other corps on the station on which he is serving at the time, for misconduct, unfitness, or any other reasonable cause: Provided also, that any staff clerk or other non-commissioned officer or soldier on the staff of the army may be transferred to any corps serving at the station at the time of his removal from staff employ: Provided also, that upon the conviction by court-martial of any soldier of the crime of desertion, the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces may, and if the court-martial has been held at a foreign station the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces at such foreign station may, order such soldier to serve in any regiment or corps.

55. Any person who now has or may hereafter have com- Re-engagement pleted at least two thirds of the first term of his enlistment

may at any time thereafter, with the approbation of his commanding officer, or other competent military authority, be re-engaged for such a period as shall complete a total period of twenty-one years in Her Majesty's service; and any person who has been a soldier, and who has received his discharge, may also be so re-engaged upon making a declaration, in the form given in the schedule annexed to this Act, before any odo of Her Majesty's justices of the peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any soldiers or persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's service: Provided °011 to always, that in reckoning service under the original enlist- erec on ment or re-engagement of a soldier the boon service granted by the general order of the Governor General of India, dated twelfth of October one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, shall be reckoned as actual service, and allowed towards pension and discharge: Provided also, that every soldier now serving who belonged to the garrison which defended Lucknow, or to the garrison which defended the Alumbagh, before the advance of any portion of the forces under the late Lord Clyde in one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, shall be

L.

Enlistment of negroes.

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the expiration of his apprenticeship.

Claims of masters to apprentices.

allowed to reckon one year's service towards the performance of his limited engagement, and also towards pension on discharge: Provided also, that every soldier who voluntered into Her Majesty's army from any embodied regiment of militia between the thirty-first of December one thousand -eight hundred and fifty-five and the twenty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive, or from the disembodied militia during the last week of the training of his regiment in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and who had rendered previous to volunteering six months embodied or disembodied militia service, shall be allowed to reckon towards good-conduct pay and pension, and towards the completion of his limited engagement of service in Her Majesty's army, half the embodied service which he had rendered in the militia after attaining the age of eighteen.

56. All negroes or persons of colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's colonies, territories, or possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's service, and be entitled to all the privileges of natural-born subjects; and all negroes who have been seized and condemned as prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the advantages of negroes or persons of colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as soldiers in any of Her Majesty's colonial forces.

57. Any person duly bound as an apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured labourer in any of Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a soldier in Her Majesty's army, and shall falsely state to the magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an apprentice or indentured labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money under false pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the colonies or possessions aforesaid, and of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the expiration of his apprenticeship, or of his indenture as a labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a soldier in Her Majesty's army according to the terms of the enlistment, and if on the expiration of his apprenticeship, or of his indenture as a labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some officer authorised to receive recruits, such person may be taken as a deserter from Her Majesty's army; and no master shall be entitled to claim an apprentice or an indentured labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a soldier in Her Majesty's army, or shall be serving in the embodied militia, unless he shall, within one calendar month after such apprentice or indentured labourer shall have left his service, go before some justice, and take the oath mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed, and shall

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. &5

produce the certificate of such justice of his having taken such oath, which certificate such justice is required to give in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full term of five years, not having been above the age of fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full term of five years at the least, not having been above the age of sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full term at least of four years, by a regular contract or indenture of apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both parties by the law of Scotland, prior to the period of enlistment, and unless such contract or indenture in Scotland shall, within three months after the commencement of the apprenticeship, and before the period of enlistment, have been produced to a justice of the peace of the county in Scotland wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such justice a certificate or declaration signed by him specifying the date when and the person by whom such contract or indenture was so produced, which certificate or declaration such justice of the peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such apprentice shall, when claimed by such master, be under twenty-one years of age: Provided always, that any master of an apprentice indentured for the sea service, or of any indentured labourer in Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such apprentice or indentured labourer may have been bound for a less term than five or four years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any master who shall give up the indentures of his apprentice or of his labourer as aforesaid within one month after the enlisting of such apprentice or indentured labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own use so much of the bounty payable to such recruit as shall not have been paid to such recruit before notice given of his being an apprentice or an indentured labourer.

58. No apprentice or indentured labourer claimed by his Punishment of master as aforesaid shall be taken from any corps or recruiting party, except under a warrant of a justice residing near, and within whose jurisdiction such apprentice or indentured labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such justice shall inquire into the matter upon oath, which oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the production and proof of the indenture, and that notice of the said warrant has been given to the commanding officer, and a copy thereof left with some officer or non-commissioned officer of the party, and that such person so enlisted declared that he was no apprentice or indentured labourer; and such justice, if required by such officer or noncommissioned officer, shall commit the offender to the common

36 Ch. 9.

Mutiny. 34 Vict.

Removal of doubts as to attestation of soldiers.

Authorised deductions only to be made from the pay of the army.

gaol of the county, division, or place for which such justice is acting, and shall keep the indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such person as he may think proper to give evidence against the offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the sessions immediately succeeding the next general or quarter sessions of such county, division, or place, unless the court shall for just cause put off the trial; and the production of the indenture, with the certificate of the justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient evidence of the said indenture; and every such offender in Scotland may be tried by the judge ordinary in the county or stewartry in such and the like manner as any person may be tried in Scotland for any offence not inferring a capital punishment: Provided always, that any justice not required as aforesaid to commit such apprentice or indentured labourer may deliver him to his master.

59. No person who shall, for six months either before or after the passing of this Act, have received pay and been borne on the strength and pay list of any regiment or corps, or dep6t or battalion of a regiment or corps (of which the last quarterly pay list, if produced, shall be evidence), shall be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of error or illegality in his enlistment or attestation or re-engagement, or on any other ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, attested, or re-engaged, as the case may be; and no person shall be exempted from the provisions of this Act or of the Articles of War for the time being by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

60. No Secretary of State for the War Department, paymaster general of the army, paymaster, or any other officer whatsoever, or any of their under officers, shall receive any fees or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or soldier in Her Majesty's army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, other than the usual deductions, or such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be authorised or required by Her Majesty's regulations or Articles of War, or by statute twenty-six and twenty-seven Victoria, chapter sixty-five, section eight (Volunteer Act), or by Her Majesty's order signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and every paymaster or other officer who having received any officer's or soldier's pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the space of one month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several rates and agreeably to the several regulations established by Her Majesty's orders, shall, upon proof thereof before a court-martial, be discharged from his

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. 37

employment, and shall forfeit one hundred pounds, and the informer, if a soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further service.

6L And whereas by petition of right in the third year of Suspending King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the people of the land are not by the laws to be burdened with herein recited, the sojourning of soldiers against their wills; and by a clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a supply to His Majesty of two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two pounds seventeen shillings and threepence, for paying and disbanding the forces, it is declared and enacted that no officer, civil or military, nor other person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any soldier upon any subject or inhabitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or profession whatsoever, without his consent, and that it shall be lawful for any subject or inhabitant to refuse to quarter any soldier, notwithstanding any warrant or billeting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen, section eight, intituled An Act to prevent the disorders that may happen by the 6 Anne, c. 14. " marching of soldiers, and providing carriages for the baggage 8* tl of soldiers on their march," it was enacted, that no officer, soldier, or trooper in the array, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard or battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, should at any time thereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of Ireland, save only during such time or times as he or they should be on their march as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such time as he or they should be and remain in some seaport town or other place in the neighbourhood of a seaport town in order to be transported, or during such time as there should be any commotion in any part of Ireland, by reason of which emergency the army, or any considerable part thereof, should be commanded to march from one part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of regiments, corps, troops, and companies in several parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any force or effect during the continuance of this Act.

62. And whereas by the eleventh section of the said Act of Certain re* the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen, { *

it is provided and enacted, that no civil magistrate or constable (j.) M to should be obliged to find quarters for or give billets to more billeting in or other soldiers than those only whose true Christian and Ireland»not surnames should be delivered to him in writing under the nowllece88ary* hand of the officer desiring quarters or billets for such soldiers

38 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34* Vict.

at the time such quarters or billets should be desired, and that all such names should be written together and delivered in one piece of paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian and surnames of every soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the name of the person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in writing by the constable or civil officer billeting or quartering such soldier, and be contained in the billet given by such civil officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the requirements of the said enactment: It shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any officer, upon the occasion of his requiring quarters or billets for any soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the constable or other person whose duty it shall be to find or give the same any list of the names of the soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the constable or other such person as aforesaid to set forth in any billet the name of any soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the number of the soldiers, or the number of the soldiers and horses respectively, as the case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the person named in the billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

How and where 03# It shall be lawful for all constables of parishes and places> and other persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the officers and soldiers in Her Majesty's service, and out-pensioners when assembled as a local force by competent authority, and persons receiving pay in Her Majesty's army, and the horses belonging to Her Majesty's cavalry, and also all staff and field officers horses, and all b&t and baggage horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other forces, when on actual service, not exceeding for each officer the number for which forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, in victualling houses and other houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than two men in one house, except only in case of billeting cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the occupiers of the houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such victuallers with proper accommodation in such houses, or if any victualler shall not have sufficient accommodation in the house upon which a soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient quarters to be provided by such victualler in the immediate neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with diet and small beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with stables, oats, hay, and straw for such horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after provided; and at no time when troops are on a march shall any of them, whether infantry or cavalry, be billeted above one mile from the place mentioned in the route, care being always taken that billets be made out for the less distant houses, in which suitable accommodation can be found, before making out

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9.

billets for the more distant; and in all places where cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each man and his horse shall be billeted in one and the same house, except in case of necessity; and, except in case of necessity, one man at least shall be billeted where there shall be one or two horses, and two men at least where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in no case shall a man and his horse be billeted at a greater distance from each other than one hundred yards; and the constables are hereby required to billet all soldiers and their horses on their march, in the manner required by this Act, upon the occupiers of all houses within one mile of the place mentioned in the route, and whether they be in the same or in a different county, in like manner in every respect as if such houses were all locally situate within such place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorise any constable to billet soldiers out of the county to which such constable belongs when the constable of the adjoining county shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due proportion of men in such adjoining county; and no more billets shall at any time be ordered than there are effective soldiers and horses present to be billeted; all which billets, when made out by such constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present; and, if any person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue proportion of soldiers billeted in his house, and shall prefer his complaint, if against a constable or other person not being a justice, to one or more justices, and if against a justice then to two or more justices within whose jurisdiction such soldiers are billeted, such justices respectively shall have power to order such of the soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other persons, as they shall see cause; and when any of Her Majesty's cavalry or any horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the occupiers of houses in which officers or soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no stables, then and in such case, upon the written requisition of the commanding officer of the regiment, corps, troop, or detachment, the constable is hereby required to billet the men and their horses, or horses only, upon some other person or persons who have stables, and who are by this Act liable to have officers and soldiers billeted upon them; and upon complaint being made by the person or persons to whose house or stables the said men or horses shall have been so removed to two or more justices within whose jurisdiction such men or horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such justices to order a proper allowance to be paid by the person relieved to the persons receiving such men and horses, or to be applied in furnishing the requisite accommodation; and commanding officers may exchange any man or horse billeted in any place with another man or horse billeted in the same place for the benefit of the service, provided the number of men and horses do not exceed the number at that

L.

40 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

time billeted on such houses respectively; and the constables are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any justice, at the request of any officer or non-commissioned officer commanding any soldiers requiring billets, to extend any routes or to enlarge the districts within which billets shall be required, in such manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the troops; provided that to prevent or punish all abuses in billeting soldiers, it shall be lawful for any justice within his jurisdiction, by warrant or order under his hand, to require any constable to give him an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered by such constables, together with the names of the persons upon whom such officers and soldiers are billeted, stating the street or place where such persons dwell, and the sign, if any, belonging to the houses: Provided always, that no officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his lodging where he shall be duly billeted.

Billeting the 64. The officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards

guards m and shall be billeted within the city and liberties of Westminster minster681" places adjacent, lying in the county of Middlesex (except

the city of London) and in the comity of Surrey, and in the borough of Southwark, in the same manner and under the same regulations as in other parts of England, in all cases for which particular provision is not made by this Act; and the high constables shall, on receipt of the order for billeting soldiers, deliver precepts to the several constables within their respective divisions, in pursuance of which the said constables shall billet such officers and soldiers equally and proportionably on the houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said constables shall, at every general sessions of the peace to be holden for the said city and liberties, counties and borough respectively, make and deliver to the justices then in open session assembled, upon oath, which oath the said justices are hereby required to administer, lists, signed by them respectively, of the houses subject by this Act to receive officers and soldiers, together with the names and rank of all officers and soldiers billeted on each respectively, which lists shall remain with the respective clerks of the peace for the inspection of all persons without fee or reward; and such clerk shall forthwith from time to time deliver to any persons who shall require the same true copies of any such lists upon being paid twopence per sheet for the same, each sheet to contain at the least one hundred and fifty words.

Military offi- 65. No justice having or executing any military office or cere not to act commission in any part of the United Kingdom shall, directly

8S 1U8uC66 ID v r w

billeting. or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing quarters for any soldier in the regiment, corps, troop, or company under the immediate command of such justice, and all warrants, acts, and things made, done, and appointed by such justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. 41

66. The innholder or other person on whom any soldier is Allowance to billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such soldier, mnkeePers-furnish him for every day of the march, and for a period not exceeding two days when halted at the intermediate place upon the march, and for the day of the arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal in each day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previous to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vegetables, and two pints of small beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper, and for such meal the innholder or other person furnishing the same shall be paid the sum of tenpence, and twopence halfpenny for a bed; and all innholders and other persons on whom soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the march in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such soldiers with a bed and with candles, vinegar, and salt, and shall allow them the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the sum of fourpence per diem for each soldier; and the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person on whom any of the horses belonging to Her Majesty's forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland for ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw, shall be one shilling and ninepence per diem for each horse; and every officer or non-commissioned officer commanding a regiment, detachment, or party shall, every four days, or before they shall quit their quarters if they shall not remain so long as four days, settle and discharge the just demands of all victuallers or other persons upon whom such officers, soldiers, or horses are billeted, out of the pay and subsistence of such officers and soldiers, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such officer or non-commissioned officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon complaint, and oath made thereof by any two witnesses before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place where such quarters were situated, sitting in quarter or petty sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon certificate of the justices before whom such oath was made of the sum due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing,) to give orders to the agent of the regiment or corps to pay the sums due to such victuallers or other persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such officers; and in case any soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective commanding officers or non-commissioned officers are not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodging or victualling of the men and stabling or forage for the horses, every such officer or noncommissioned officer shall, before his departure, make up the

a

Interpretation of Act.

Powers and regulations as to billets.

Exemptions from billets *

Supply of carnages.

Ch. 9. Mutiny* 34 Vict.

account with every person upon whom such soldier may have been billeted, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be transmitted by such officer or noncommissioned officer to the agent of the regiment or corps* who is hereby required to make immediate payment thereof and to charge the same to the account of such officer or non* commissioned officer.

67. All powers and provisions relating to soldiers shall be construed to extend to non-commissioned officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all powers and provisions relating to justices shall be construed to extend to all magistrates authorised to act as such in their respective jurisdictions and to chief magistrates of exclusive local jurisdictions; and all the powers given to and regulations made for the conduct of constables in relation to the billeting of officers and soldiers, and all penalties and forfeitures for any neglect thereof, shall extend to all tithingmen, headboroughs, and such-like officers^ and to all inspectors or other officers of police, and to high constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, hamlets, parishes, and places in England and Ireland, and to all justices of the peace, magistrates of burghs, commissioners of police, and otter chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, parishes, and places in Scotland, who shall act in the execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all powers and provisions for billeting officers and soldiers in victualling houses shall extend and apply to all inns, hotels, livery stables, alehouses, and to the houses of sellers of wine by retail, whether British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and to all houses of persons selling brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheglin, by retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then to billeting soldiers in such manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no officer or soldier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private houses, or in any canteen held or occupied under the authority of the War Department, or upon persons who keep taverns only, being vintners of the City of London admitted to their freedom of the said company in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, notwithstanding such persons who keep such taverns only have taken out victualling licences, nor in the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and strong waters, nor in the house of any shopkeeper whose principal dealing shall be more in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such houses, nor in the house of residence in any part of the United Kingdom of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

68. For the regular provision of carriages for Her Majesty's forces, and their baggage, in their marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all justices of the peace within their several

1871. Mutiny. Cm 9. 43

jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an order from Her Majesty, or the general of her forces, or other person duly authorised in that behalf, shall, on production to them of such order, or a copy thereof, certified by the commanding officer, by some officer or non-commissioned officer of the regiment or corps so ordered to march, issue a warrant to any constable having authority to act in any place from, through, near, or to which the troops shall be ordered to march, (for each of which warrants the fee of one shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the carriages, horses, and oxen, and drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient time to do the same, specifying the places from and to which the said carriages shall travel, and the distance between the places, for which distance only so specified payment shall be demanded, and which distance shall not, except in cases of pressing emergency, exceed a day's march prescribed in the order of route, and shall in no cases exceed twenty-five miles; and the constables receiving such warrants shall order such persons as they shall think proper, having carriages, to furnish the requisite supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient carriages cannot be procured within the proper jurisdiction, any justice of the next adjoining jurisdiction shall, by a like course of proceeding, supply the deficiency; and in order that the burden of providing carriages may fall equally, and to prevent inconvenience arising from there being no justice near the place where troops may be quartered on the march, any justice residing nearest to such place may cause a list to be made out once in every year of all persons liable to furnish such carriages, and of the number and description of their said carriages, (which list shall at all seasonable hours be open to the inspection of the said persons,) and may by warrant under his hand authorise the constable within his jurisdiction to give orders to provide carriages, without any special warrant for that purpose, which orders shall be valid in all respects; and all orders for such carriages shall be made from such lists in regular rotation, as far as the same can be done.

68* In every case in which the whole distance for which Bate to be any carriage shall be impressed shall be under one mile the ^geg^d^re-rate of a foil mile shall be paid; and the rates to be paid for gulations recarriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every mile latin£ thereto, which a waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen or four oxen and two horses, shall travel, one shilling; and for every mile any waggon with narrow wheels, or any cart with four horses, carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, ninepence; and for every mile any other cart or carriage with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, sixpence; and in Ireland, for every hundredweight loaded on any wheel carriage, one halfpenny per mile; and in Great Britain such further rates may be added, not exceeding a total addition per mile of

Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

fourpence, threepence, or twopence, to the respective rates of one shilling, ninepence, or sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the justices assembled at general sessions for their respective districts, or to the recorder at the sessions of the peace of any municipal city, borough, or town; and the order of such justices or recorder shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such additional rates, the period for which the order shall be enforced not exceeding ten days beyond the next general sessions; and no such order shall be valid unless a copy thereof, signed by the presiding magistrate and one other justice, or by the recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for the War Department within three days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the day's march shall exceed fifteen miles the justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation, not exceeding the usual rate of hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional rates or compensation shall be granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the warrant the amount thereof, and the date of the order of sessions, if fixed by sessions, and the warrant shall be given to the officer commanding as his voucher; and the officer or non-commissioned officer demanding carriages by virtue of the warrant of a justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper sums into the hands of the constables providing carriages, who shall give receipts for the same on unstamped paper; and in Ireland the officers or non-commissioned officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper sums to the owners or drivers of the carriages, and one third part of such payment shall be made before the carriage be loaded, and all the said payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the presence of a justice or constable; and no carriage shall be liable to carry more than thirty hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no car shall be liable to carry more than six hundredweight, and no dray more than twelve hundredweight; but the owner of such carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater weight shall be paid at the same rate for every hundredweight of the said excess; and the owners of such carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less weight, under the sum of threepence a mile for each car and sixpence a mile for each dray; and the loading of such carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable time, without hindrance to Her Majesty's service; provided that a cart with one or more horses for which the furnisher shall receive ninepence a mile shall be required to carry fifteen hundredweight at the least; and no penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to highways or turnpike roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the number of horses and oxen, or weight of loading of the aforesaid carriages, which shall not on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary

1871. Mvtwiy. Ch. 9. 45

to impress carriages for the march of soldiers from Dublin, at least twenty-four hours notice of such march, and in case of emergency as long notice as the case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional number of cars and drays, at his discretion, out of the licensed cars and drays and other cars and drays within the county of the said city, and they shall by turns be employed on this duty at the prices and under the regulations herein-before mentioned; and no country cars, drays, or other carriages coming to markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the will of the owners in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

70. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord As to supply Lieutenant or chief governor of Ireland, by her or their order, distinctly stating that a case of emergency doth exist, signified gency, &c. by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the first clerk in the Military Department, to authorise any general or field officer commanding Her Majesty's forces in any district or place, or the chief acting agent for the supply of stores and provisions, by writing under his hand reciting such order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or chief governor aforesaid, to require all justices within their several jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their warrants for the provision, not only of waggons, wains, carts, and cars kept by or belonging to any person and for any use whatsoever, but also of saddle horses, coaches, post-chaises, chaises, and other four-wheeled carriages kept for hire, and of all horses kept to draw carriages licensed to carry passengers, and also of boats, barges, and other vessels used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river, as shall be mentioned in the said warrants, therein specifying the place and distance to which such carriages or vessels shall go; and on the production of such requisition, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to such justice, by any officer of the corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any officer of the War Department, such justice shall take all the same proceedings in regard to such additional supply so required on such emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary provision of carriages; and all provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary supply of carriages, and the duties of officers and non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, and owners of carriages in that behalf, shall be to all intents and purposes applicable for the providing and payment, according to the rates of posting or of hire usually paid for such other description of carriages or vessels so required on emergency, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river, or lock tolls, which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such carriages and vessels while

46 -Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

employed in such service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the baggage, provisions, and military stores of such regiment, corps, or detachment, but also the officers, soldiers, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same.

Justices em- 71. It shall be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled reimburse0 their quarter sessions to direct the treasurer to pay, without constables for fee, out of the public stock of the county or riding, or if sums expended such public stock be insufficient then out of moneys which by them. the said justices shall have power to raise for that purpose, in like manner as for county gaols and bridges, such reasonable sums as shall have been expended by the constables within their respective jurisdictions for carriages and vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring the same, regard being had to the season of the year and the condition of the ways by which such carriages and vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such justices shall direct such payments to be made out of the rogue money and assessments directed and authorised to be assessed and levied by an Act of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two.

Routes in Ire- 72. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief land* governor for the time being of Ireland to depute, by warrant

under his hand and seal, some proper person to sign routes in cases of emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's forces in Ireland, in the name of such Lord Lieutenant or chief governor.

Tolls. 73. All Her Majesty's officers and soldiers, on duty or on

their march, and their horses and baggage, and all recruits marching by route, and all prisoners under military escort, and all enrolled pensioners in uniform when called out for training or in aid of the civil power, and all carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when conveying any Such persons as aforesaid, or their baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from payment of any duties and tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay, or landing place, or in passing along or over any turnpike or other roads or bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or ordinance, order or direction of any colonial legislature or other authority in any of Her Majesty's colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any boats, barges, or other vessels employed in conveying the said persons, horses, baggage, or stores along any canal from payment of tolls in like manner as other boats, barges, and vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in cases of emergency as herein-before enacted.

Ferries. 74. When any soldiers on service have occasion in their

march by route to pass regular ferries in Scotland, the officer

47

1871. Mutiny. Cfl. 9.

commanding may at his option pass over with lxis soldiers as passengers, and shall pay for himself and each soldier one half only of the ordinary rate payable by Bingle persons, or may hire the ferry boat for himself and his party, debarring others for that time, and shall in all such cases pay only half the ordinary rate for such boat.

75. Every soldier enlisted in Great Britain or Ireland shall, Marching when entitled to his discharge, if then serving abroad, be "oney on dissent home, if he shall so require, free of expense, and shall charge *

be entitled to receive marching money from the place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive marching money from the place of his discharge,) to the parish or place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the time of his discharge decide to take up his residence, such place not being at a greater distance from the place of his discharge than the place of his original enlistment:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to soldiers appointed sergeant instructors, or attached for completion of service, to the reserve forces.

76. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Ordinary extend to exempt any officer or soldier from being proceeded ^e.ofJ5n" against by the ordinary course of law, when accused of felony, not to be inter-or of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than fered with the misdemeanors and offences herein-before mentioned; and Punishment of if any commanding officer shall neglect or refuse, on appli- gt^Si°bdvil cation being made to him for that purpose, to deliver over justice.g

to the civil magistrate any officer or soldier under his command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the officers of justice in apprehending any officer or soldier under his command, so accused as aforesaid, such commanding officer shall, upon conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, or in any court of record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's service; and a certificate of such conviction, containing the substance and effect of the indictment only, omitting the formal part, with the copy of the entry of the judgment of the court thereon, shall be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London.

77. For enforcing a prompt observance of the rules and Penalty for orders for the due appropriation of the public funds applicable disobedience to army services, and in order that a true and regular account by agen may be kept and rendered by the agents for the several corps,

the said agents are hereby required to observe such orders as shall from time to time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any person.

Ch. 9.

34 Vict.

Penalty on trafficking in commissions.

Penalty for procuring false musters.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

being or having been an agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such orders in relation to his duty as agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the pay of any officer or soldier for a longer period than the space of one month after the receipt thereof, he shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and, if still an agent, for the second offence be discharged from his employment as an army agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an army agent, shall for the second and every succeeding offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

78. Every person, not being an authorised army agent, who shall negotiate or act as agent for or in relation to the purchase, sale, or exchange of any commission in Her Majesty's army, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and every person, whether authorised as an army agent or not, who shall receive any money or reward in respect of any such purchase, sale, or exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any purpose whatsoever any money or consideration where no price is allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, or any money or consideration exceeding the amount so allowed, shall forfeit one hundred pounds, and treble the value of the consideration where the commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the excess of such consideration beyond the regular price.

79. Every person, not having any military commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue certificate, whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any muster or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any money or gratuity for mustering any soldiei*s, or for signing any muster rolls or duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds; and any person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon conviction before some justice of the peace residing near the place where such muster shall be made, forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and the informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

80. Every person (except such person or persons as shall be authorised by beating order under the hand of the Secretary of State for the War Department) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed bills for the purpose of procuring recruits or substitutes for the line, embodied militia, or Her Majesty's Indian forces, or shall open or keep any house, place of rendezvous, or office, or receive any person therein under such bill or advertisement, as connected with the recruiting service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without permission in *ymting from the adjutant

Mutiny.

Ch. 9.

49

general, or from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the case may be,) shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

81. Any person who shall in any part of Her Majesty's Penalty for indominions, or by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly,

procure any soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any soldier to desert, and any person who, knowing that any soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any soldier to be a deserter, shall conceal such deserter, or aid or assist such deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof before any two justices acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such offender shall at any time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justices shall think fit.

82. Any officer or soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Penalty for deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any dwelling house ^rcj^euftn^ or outhouse, or shall give any order under which any dwelling

house or outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken out warrant, open, without a warrant from one or more justices of the peace, shall, on conviction thereof before two justices of the peace, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

83. If any person shall convey or cause to be conveyed Penalties on into any military prison appointed to be a public prison

under this Act any arms, tools, or instruments, or any mask escape ofpri-or other disguise, in order to facilitate the escape of any soners, and on prisoner, or shall by any means whatever aid and assist any so^ufatioL. prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such prison, whether an escape be actually made or not, such person shall be deemed guilty of felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to penal servitude for any term not less than five years and not exceeding seven years, or be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding two years; and if any person shall bring or attempt to bring into such prison, in contravention of the existing rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented liquor, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds and not less than ten pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and if any person shall bring into such prison, to or for any prisoner, without the knowledge of the governor, any money, clothing, provisions, tobacco, letters, papers, or any other articles not allowed by the rules of the prison to be in the possession of a prisoner, or shall throw into the said prison any such articles, or shall by desire of any prisoner, without the sanction of the governor, carry out of the prison any of the articles aforesaid, he shall for every such offence be liable

50 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned either with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month; and if any person shall assault or violently resist any officer of such prison in the execution of his duty, or shall aid or excite any person so to assault or resist any such officer, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, or, if the offender be a soldier already under sentence of imprisonment, he shall be liable for every such offence, upon conviction thereof by a board of not less than three of the visitors of the prison, to be imprisoned, dither with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, in addition to his original sentence, or to be subjected to corporal punishment not exceeding fifty lashes, or upon conviction thereof by a single visitor to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding seventy-two hours, in addition to his original sentence, or to be subjected to corporal punishment not exceeding twenty-five lashes; or if such soldier shall, within forty-eight hours of the expiration of his original or of any additional sentence, be guilty of any offence against the rules of the prison, he may for every such offence, on conviction thereof by a board or by a single visitor, be ordered to be kept in prison for a period not exceeding seventy-two hours either in a dark cell or in a light cell, and with or without hard labour, on a bread Certain pro- and water diet, or otherwise; and all the provisions of any lor or Acts Parliament for the regulation or better order-

S80^ houses of correction, or prisons in Great Britain shall be deemed to apply to all military prisons so far as any such provision relates to such offences; and it shall be lawful for the governor, provost marshal, officer, or servant of any military prison to use and exercise all the powers and authorities given by any such Act to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of any prison, or to his or their assistants, to apprehend or to cause offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a justice or justices of the peace; and all the powers and authorities given by any such Act to any justice or justices of the peace to convict offenders in any of the above cases, together with the forms of convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like offences when committed in respect of military prisons; and all the provisions contained in any such Act relating to suits and actions prosecuted against any person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all suits and actions prosecuted against any person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of military prisons.

84. Any governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement, who shall refuse to receive and

io military prisons.

Penalty on keepers of prisons for refusing to

1871. Mutiny* Cff. & 61

to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, q, ny military confine, &c. offender in the manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit ?i^tar5r of' for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds. 611 ers *

86. Any person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, Penalty on or receive from any soldier or deserter or any other person acting for or on his behalf, on any pretence whatsoever, or ^e^stores, who shall solicit or entice any soldier, or shall be employed by &c. any soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any arms, ammunition, medals for good conduct or for distinguishment or other service, clothes, or military furniture, or any provisions, or any sheets or other articles used in barracks provided under barrack regulations, or regimental necessaries, or any article of forage provided for any horses belonging to Her Majesty's service, or who shall have in his or her possession or keeping any such arms, ammunition, medals, clothes, furniture, provisions, spirits, articles, necessaries, or forage, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the colour of any clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of all or any of the several articles of which such offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such offence, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds but not less than five pounds, and the treble value of all or any of the several articles of which such offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such forfeiture be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term, not exceeding six calendar months, as the convicting justice or justices shall think fit; and upon any information against any person for a second or any subsequent offence, a copy of the former conviction, certified by the proper officer having the care or custody of such conviction, or any copy of the same proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove such former conviction; and if any credible person shall prove on oath before a justice of the peace, or person exercising like authority according to the laws of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed, a reasonable cause to suspect that any person has in his or her possession, or on his or her premises, any property of the description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such offence shall have been committed, such justice may grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods; and if upon such search any such property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such warrant, who shall bring the offender in whose possession the same shall be found before the same or any other justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the legislature of any of Her Majesty's

52

Penalties on civil subjects offending against the laws relating to billets.

foreign dominions, on the recommendation of the officer or officers for the time being administering the government thereof, but not otherwise, to make provision by law for reducing such pecuniary penalty, if not exceeding twenty pounds, to such amount as may to such legislature appear to be better adapted to the ability and pecuniary means of Her Majesty's subjects and others inhabiting the same, which re* duced penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same manner as the full penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the person or persons administering the government of any such foreign dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such powers and authorities as are by law vested in Her Majesty or in any such officer or officers as aforesaid in respect of any other law made or enacted by any such legislature.

86. If any constable or other person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any officers or soldiers in any part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such officer or soldier in any house not within the meaning of this Act, without the consent of the owner or occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any officer or soldier on duty, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any money or reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any person from receiving such officer or soldier; or shall quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officers or soldiers, in any such houses, against the consent of the occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices as shall be directed to him for providing carriages, horses, or vessels, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same; or if any person ordered by any constable in manner herein-before directed to provide carriages, horses, or vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the orders of such constable, or shall do any act or thing by which the execution of any warrants for providing carriages, horses, or vessels shall be hindered; or if any constable shall neglect to deliver in to the justices at quarter sessions lists of officers and soldiers of the foot guards quartered according to the provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective lists of the same; or if any person liable by this Act to have any officer or soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper accommodation or diet in the house in which such officer or soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several things directed to be furnished to officers and soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient stables, together with good and sufficient oats, hay, and straw, in Great Britain and Ireland, for each horse, in such quantities and at such rates as hereinbefore provided; or if any innkeeper or victualler not having

1871. Mutin'}/. Ch. 9.

good and sufficient stables shall refuse to pay over to the person or persons who may provide stabling such allowance

by way of compensation as shall be directed by any justice of the peace, or shall pay any sum or sums of money to any

soldier on the march in lieu of furnishing in kind the diet

and small beer to which such soldier is entitled; or if any On toll col-

tollcollector shall demand and receive toll from any of Her Majesty's officers or soldiers, on duty or on their march, for from officers,

themselves or for their horses, or from any recruits marching soldiers, or for

by route, or from any prisoners under military escort, or from carria£es ?

+any enrolled pensioners in uniform when called out for training or in aid of the civil power, or for any carriages or horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when conveying persons or baggage or returning therefrom, every such constable, victualler, toll-keeper, or other person respectively shall forfeit for every such offence, neglect, or refusal any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings; and if any person shall personate or represent and on persons himself to be a soldier or a recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a billet, or money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty shillings.

87. If any military officer shall take upon himself to quarter soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this offending y Act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or against the upon any mayor, constable, or other civil officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said duty, such officer shall for every such offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any military employment in Her Majesty's service; provided that a certificate of such conviction shall be transmitted by one of the said justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said conviction be affirmed at some quarter sessions of the peace of the said county held next after the expiration of three months after such certificate of the justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any military officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken from any person, any money or reward for excusing the quartering of officers or soldiers, or shall billet any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or soldier, in any house, against the consent of the occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a general court-martial, be cashiered; and if any officer shall constrain any carriage to travel beyond the distance specified in the justice's warrant, or shall not

54 Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

discharge the same in due time for their return home on the same day, if it be practicable, except in the case of emergency for which the justice shall have given licence, or shall compel the driver of any carriage to take up any soldier or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride therein, except in the cases of emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any constable, by threatening words, to provide saddle horses for himself or servants, or shall force horses from their owners, or in Ireland shall force the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable time, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner or his servant, permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than is directed by this Act, such officer shall forfeit for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings.

Penalty on 88. For the better preservation of game and fish in or near wifauth&ve. where any officers shall at any time be quartered, be it enacted, that every officer who shall, without leave in writing from the person or persons entitled to grant such leave, take, kill, or destroy any game or fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

Form of actions 89. Any action which shall be brought against any person at law. for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be

brought within six calendar months after the doing thereof and it shall be lawful for every such person to plead thereunto the general issue Not Guilty, and to give all special matter in evidence to the jury; and if the verdict shall be for the defendant in any such action, or the plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such court shall see fit to assoilzie the defendant or dismiss the complaint, the court in which the said matter shall be tried shall allow unto the defendant treble costs, for which the said defendant shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants; and every action against any person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any member or minister of a court-martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some one of the courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court whatsoever.

Becovpy of 90. All offences for which any penalties and forfeitures are penalties. by this Act imposed not exceeding twenty pounds, over and above any forfeiture of value or treble value, shall and may be determined, and such penalties and forfeitures and forfeiture of value or treble value recovered, in every part of the United Kingdom, by and before one or more justice or justices of the peace, under the provisions of an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of

Ch. 9.

1871.

Mutiny *

55.

" the duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within n & 12 Vict. " England and Wales, with respect to summary convictions and 43.

" orders:" Provided always, that in all cases in which there shall not be sufficient goods whereon any penalty or forfeiture

can be levied, the offender may be committed and imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in

Ireland, for the recovery of all such penalties and forfeitures,

as fully to all intents as if the said recited Act had extended

to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or

in an Act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act u & 15 Vict.

" to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the proceed- c. 93.

" ings at Petty Sessions, and the duties of Justices of the " Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland," to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such offences committed in the British Isles or in any of Her Majesty's dominions beyond the seas may be determined, and the penalties and forfeitures and forfeiture of value or treble value recovered, before any justices of the peace or persons exercising like authority according to the laws of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed; and all penalties and forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding twenty pounds shall be recovered by action in some of the courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other parts of Her Majesty's dominions, in any of the royal or superior courts of such isles or other parts of Her Majesty's dominions.

9L One moiety of every penalty, not including any treble Appropriation value of any articles, adjudged or recovered under the pro- of penalties, visions of this Act, shall go to the person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the remainder of the penalty, together with the treble value of any articles, or, where the offence shall be proved by the person who shall inform, the whole of the penalty, shall be paid, in the United Kingdom, to the paymaster of the London recruiting district, St. George's Barracks, London, and in India to the military secretary of the government of the presidency to which the court by whom the penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, and elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions to the local military accountant, to be at the disposal of the Secretary of State for the War Department, anything in an Act passed in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the regulation of 5 & 6 W. 4.

" Municipal Corporations in England and Wales," or in any c* 76. other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding. Every justice or court adjudging any penalty under this Act shall report the same immediately, if in the United Kingdom, to the said Secretary of State, if in India to the said military

56

Mode of recording a soldier 8 settlement.

Licences of canteens.

Attestation of accounts.

Commissaries, &c. to attest their accounts.

Ch. 9. Mutiny. 34 Tict.

secretary, and if elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions to the general or other officer commanding at the station.

92. Any justice in the United Kingdom within whose jurisdiction any soldier in Her Majesty's army, or on the permanent staff of the militia, having a wife or child, shall be billeted, may summon such soldier before him in the place where he is billeted, (which summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his examination in writing, upon oath, touching the place of his last legal settlement, and such justice shall give an attested copy of such examination to the person examined, to be by him delivered to his commanding officer, to be produced when required; which said examination and such attested copy thereof shall be at any time admitted as good and legal evidence of such last legal settlement before any justices or at any general or quarter sessions, although such soldier be dead or absent from the kingdom; provided that in case any soldier shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such examination or such attested copy thereof being produced by him or by any other person on his behalf, such soldier shall not be obliged to take any other oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such examination, or a copy of such attested copy of examination, if required; provided also, that when no such examination shall have been required, the statement made by the recruit on his attestation of his place of birth shall be taken to be his last place of settlement until legally disproved.

93. When any person shall hold any canteen under proper authority of the War Department, it shall be lawful for any two justices within their respective jurisdictions to grant or transfer any beer, wine, or spirit licence to such persons, without regard to time of year or to the notices or certificates required by any Act in respect of such licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper officers within their respective districts, shall also grant such licences as aforesaid; and such persons so holding canteens, and having such licences, may sell therein victuals and exciseable liquors, as empowered by such excise licence, without being subject to any penalty or forfeiture.

94. AH muster rolls and accounts and pay and pension lists which are required to be verified by declaration shall be so verified and attested free of stamp duty, and without fee or reward paid for such declaration or attestation.

95. All commissaries, regimental paymasters, and all other accountants for military services, upon making up their accounts, and all commissaries upon returning from any foreign service, shall severally make the respective declarations described in the schedule to this Act annexed; which declarations, if made in any part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some justice, or other person authorised to administer oaths and declarations, and if made on foreign service shall be made before the officer commanding in chief, or the

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9. 57

eeoond in command, or the quartermaster or deputy quartermaster general or any assistant quartermaster general of the army, who shall respectively have power to administer and receive the same.

96- All oaths and declarations which are authorised and Administration required by this Act may be administered (unless where ofoatha-otherwise provided) by any justice of the peace, or other person having authority to administer oaths and declarations; and any person taking a false oath or declaration Perjury, where an oath or declaration is authorised or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of wilfully making a false declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such pains and penalties as by law any person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is subject and liable to; and every commissioned officer convicted before a general court-martial of perjury, or of wilfully making a false declaration, shall be cashiered, and every soldier or other person amenable to the provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a general, district, or garrison court-martial shall be punished at the discretion of such court. In India, in all cases where any oath is hereby required to be taken, or any person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn declaration or affirmation may be substituted, if by the laws for the time being in force in India such declaration or affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the place of an oath, in case the party were about to depose as a witness in a civil action in any of the supreme courts at the presidencies; and any person wilfully and knowingly giving false testimony on oath or solemn declaration or affirmation in any case wherein such oath or solemn declaration or affirmation shall have been made for the purpose of this Act, or any proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and, being duly convicted thereof before a court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such pains and penalties as by any law in force in England, or by any law in force in India, any persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

97. All crimes and offences which have been committed Offences

and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and Articles of or against any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion of War. officers and soldiers in the service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of either of the same, may, during the continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every warrant for holding any court-martial under any such former Act shall remain in full force, and all proceedings of courts-martial convened and held under any such warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to be tried or punished for

58

Officers and soldiers to conform to 26 & 27 Vict. c. 67., &c.

Where troops are serving beyond the jurisdiction of the courts of requests, &c., actions of debt not exceeding 400 rupees to be cognizable by a military court.

Ch. 0. Mutiny. 34 Vict.

any offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the date of the warrant for such trial, unless the person accused, by reason of his having absented himselfj or of some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that period, in which case such person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding two years after the impediment shall have ceased.

98. It shall be the duty of all officers and soldiers to observe and conform to the provisions contained in "The Regimental Debts Act, 1863," and in the regulations for the better execution of the purposes of the said Act prescribed from time to time by warrant under the Royal Sign Manual

99. In all places in India where any body of Her Majesty's forces may be serving situate beyond the jurisdiction of any court of small causes established by or under the authority of the Governor General of India in Council, actions of debt and all personal actions against officers or against persons licensed to act as sutlers, or other persons amenable to the provisions of this Act not being soldiers, shall be cognisable before a court of requests composed of military officers, and not elsewhere, provided the value in question shall not exceed four hundred rupees, and that the defendant was a person of the above description when the cause of action arose, which court the commanding officer of any camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post is hereby authorised and empowered to convene. Whenever owing to paucity of officers, or to any other cause, a court of requests cannot conveniently be held at the station where the defendant or defendants may be, it shall be lawful for the officer commanding the division or district to authorise the assembly of a court by the officer commanding at the nearest place where such. court can be formed. Courts of requests shall in all practicable cases consist of five commissioned officers, and in no instance of less than three, and the president thereof shall in all practicable cases be a field officer, and in no case be under the rank of a captain, and every member shall have served five years as a commissioned officer; and the president and members assisting at any such court, before any proceedings be had before it, shall take the following oath, which oath shall be administered by the president of the court to the other members thereof, and to the president by any member having first taken the oath; (that is to say,)

T swear, that I will duly administer

' A justice according to the evidence in the matters that shall be brought before me. So help me GOD.

And all witnesses before any such court shall be examined in the same manner as in the case of a trial by courts-martial. All actions of debt and personal actions against persons amenable to this Act within the jurisdiction of any court of small causes shall be cognizable by such court to the

1871. MvXmfa Oh . 9;

extent of its powers; and all such actions where the amount sued for exceeds four hundred rupees shall be cognizable by a civil court or court of small causes only; and it shall be competent for any civil court or court of small causes, or for any military court of requests held in lieu thereof under the authority of this section, upon finding or awarding any debt or damage, either to award execution thereof generally, or to direct specially that the whole or any part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the plaintiff out of any part not exceeding one half of any pay or allowance, or out of any other public money which may respectively be coming to the defendant in the current or any future month or months, or to direct the same to be so paid by instalments. In regard to awards of execution general civil courts and courts of small causes shall proceed in accordance with the rules of procedure for such courts in India; and in all cases where execution shall be awarded generally by a military court of requests, the debt, if not paid forthwith, shall be levied by seizure and public sale of such of the defendant's goods and property as may be found within the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, under a written order of the commanding officer, grounded on the judgment of the court, and all orders of such commanding officer as to the manner of such sale, or the person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding; and any goods and property of the defendant found within the limits of the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post to which the defendant shall belong at any subsequent time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like manner in satisfaction of any remainder of such debt or damages; and if any question shall arise whether any such effects or property are liable to be taken in execution as aforesaid, the decision and order of the said commanding officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient goods shall not be found within the limits of the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, then any public money or any part not exceeding one half of the pay or allowances accruing to the defendant shall be stopped in liquidation of such debt or damages; and if such defendant shall not receive pay as an officer or from any public department, but be a sutler, servant, or follower, he may be arrested by like order of the commanding officer, and imprisoned in some convenient place within the military boundaries for any period not exceeding two months, unless the debt be sooner paid; and the said commanding officer shall not, nor shall any person acting on his orders in respect of the matters aforesaid, incur any liability to any person or persons whomsoever for any act done by him in pursuance of the provisions aforesaid; and in cases where the said court shall direct specially that the whole or any part of the debt or damages shall be stopped and paid out of part of any pay and allowances, or out of any public

60 Ch. 9.

Mwti/ny. 34 Vict.

Provisions relating to courts-martial on officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's Indian forces.

As to trial of officers and soldiers serving in India.

money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such action as aforesaid to be brought in a military court of requests by any officer or soldier against any officer: Provided also, that the articles of military equipment of any defendant shall not be deemed " goods and property " under this section.

100. The government of any of the presidencies in India may suspend the proceedings of any court-martial held in India on any officer or soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces within such presidencies respectively; and if any officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces shall think himself wronged by the officer commanding the regiment, and shall upon due application made to him not receive the redress to which he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his commander-in-chief in order to obtain justice, who is hereby required to examine into such complaint, and thereupon, either by himself or by his adjutant general, to make his report to the government of the presidency to which such officer belongs, in order to receive the further directions of such government.

101. Any officer or soldier, or other person subject to this Act, who shall be serving in the territories of any foreign state in India or in any country in India under the protection of Her Majesty, or at any place in Her Majesty's dominions in India (other than Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, or Malacca), at a distance of upwards of one hundred and twenty miles from the presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and who shall be accused of having committed any offence which, if committed in England, would be punishable by the criminal law there, may, if the same be also punishable under the Indian penal code for the time being, be tried by a general court-martial to be appointed by the general or other officer commanding in chief in such place for the time being, and, if found guilty, shall be liable to be sentenced by such court-martial to suffer such punishment as may legally be awarded by any of Her Majesty's courts of criminal jurisdiction within Her Majesty's dominions of India in respect of a like offence committed within the jurisdiction of such last-mentioned court; but no sentence of a general court-martial for any such offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been duly confirmed; and it shall be lawful for such general or other officer commanding in chief as aforesaid to confirm the sentence of any such general court-martial; and such general or other officer as aforesaid may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the sentence; or, in the case of a sentence of penal servitude, may commute the same to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for such period as to him shall seem fit: Provided always, that in all cases wherein a sentence of death or penal servitude shall have been

61

1871. Mutiny. Ch. 9.

awarded by any such general court-martial held for the trial of a commissioned officer, or where a sentence of death shall have been awarded by any such general court-martial held for the trial of any person subject to this Act other than a commissioned officer, such sentence shall not be carried into execution until it shall have been duly approved by the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council of the presidency in the territories subordinate to which the offender shall have been tried: Provided also, that any person who may have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried for the same offence by any other court whatsoever.

102. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Dawson of Britain from the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight 1 ct hundred and seventy-one inclusive until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the islands thereto belonging, from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one inclusive until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; and shall be and continue in force within the garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one inclusive until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other parts of Europe where Her Majesty's forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one inclusive until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; and shall be and continue in force in India, and within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its dependencies, Saint Helena, and the settlements on the western coast of Africa, from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two inclusive until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island from the date of the promulgation thereof in general orders there inclusive until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three; and shall be and continue in force in all other places from the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three inclusive until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the receipt and promulgation thereof in general orders in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, become and be in full force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

103. The words Commander-in-Chief in this Act shall be interpretation, held to include the field marshal or other officer commanding

in chief Her Majesty's forces for the time being.

62

CH.SL Mitimy.

Repealing 104. The ninth section of The Army Enlistment Act, 186! section. and the tenth section of the same Act, except as to enliatment which may have been made thereunder, are repealed.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the time of his

Enlistment.

Date 187

FT\AKE notice, that you enlisted with at

* I o'dockf on the day of for the

regiment [instead of the words u for the

regiment " any words may be substituted which are applicable to the case], and if you do not come to [here name some place] on or before o'dockf

on the day of for the purpose of being taken

before a justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your engagement by repaying the enlisting shilling and any pay you may have received as a recruit, and by paying twenty shillings as smart money, you will be liable to be punished as a rogue and vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same punishment if you make any wilfully false representation at the time of attestation, or false answers to the questions now asked of you.

Signature of the non-commissioned officer serving the notice.

Name of the recruit f A.M. or P.M., as the case may be.

Questions this day put to the Recbuit before Enlistment, as required by the Mutiny Act.

1. What is your name ? -

2. In what parish, and in or near what

lt\

T

town, and in what county were you bora ?

3. What is your age ?

4. What is your trade or calling ?

5. Are yon an apprentice 2 -

6. Are yon married, or a widower, and, if 1

so, have you any children ? -

7- Do you now belong to any regiments or any corps in Her Majesty's army, / or to the militia, or to the Naval > Coast Volunteers, or to the Royal I Naval Reserve Force ? -

8. Have you ever served in the army, ! marines, or in Her Majesty's Indian > -Forces ? -

9. Have you ever been rejected as unfit 1

for Her Majesty's service ? -

10. Have you ever been marked with the 1

letter D. or letters, B.C.

Gb.9.

Attestation Paper-

Questions to be put to the recruit before attestation.

1. What is your name ?

2. In what parish, and in or near what f ^n.t^le of

I in or near to

., , i m or near the town

town, and m what county were you<

born ? -1: -

county of_ ____years

months.

U

3. What is your age P

4. What is your trade or calling ?

5. Are you an apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

T)o you now belong to the militia, or '

to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or to the Royal Naval Reserve Force ? or -

Do you belong to any regiment or v corps in Her Majesty's army ?

8. Have you ever served in the army, marines, militia, navy, or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces ? *

If so, the recruit is to state the particulars of his former service, and the cause of his discharge, and is to produce his parchment certificate of discharge.

9. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's service, or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces, upon any prior Enlistment ?

10. Have you ever been marked with the \ letter " D." or the letters j

fAt_

11. Where, when, and by whom, were you I °*-

enlisted ? - - j --- -

m.

12. Did you receive a notice, and did you I

understand its meaning ? -

13. For what bounty and kit did you 1

enlist ? -

14. Have you any objection to make to the 1

manner of your enlistment ? -

and a free kit.

64

34 Vict.

Ch. 9. Mutiny,

15. Are yon willing to be attested to serve' in the regiment of

or for "general service" for the term of twelve years, provided Her Majesty should so long require your I services; and also for such further | term, not exceeding twelve months, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign, colonial, or Indian station ?

Signature of recruit __ Witness__________

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T ' 'do solemnly and sincerely declare,

that to the best of my knowledge and belief the above answers to the foregoing questions made and signed by me are true; and that I am willing to be attested for the term of twelve years, provided Her Majesty should so long require my services, and also for such further term, not exceeding twelve months, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign, colonial, or Indian station.

Signature of recruit__________

Signature of witness__________

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

Ido make oath, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and that I will, as in duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in person, crown, and dignity, against all enemies, and will observe and obey all orders of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and of the generals and officers get over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my hand,

Signature of recruit__________

Witness present__________

The above questions were asked of the^ said and answered

by him in my presence, as herein recorded; and the said I

made the above declaration and oath (before me at this day of one thousand eight hundred

and at o'clock, m.

Signature of the justice__________

Note. — The recruit should, if he requires it, receive a certified copy of the declaration.

It is desirable that at least half an hour beyond the twenty-four hours prescribed by the Mutiny Act should have expired before attestation, and that a recruit should invariably be attested at least half an hour before the expiration of ninety-six hours from the time of enlistment.

Mutiny.

Ch. 9.

65

Declaration to be made by a Soldier, or Person having been a Soldier, on renewing his service.

T do declare, that I am at present (*)

-I in Captain company, in the

regiment; (a) that I enlisted on the day of

for a term of years; that I am of the age of

years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, her heirs and successors,

in regiment (2) for such further term as shall complete

a total service of twenty-one years, provided my services should so

long be required, and also for such further term, not exceeding twelve

months, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign,

colonial, or Indian station.

Or was, as caae may be. (*) The foregoing portion of t nia declaration may be altered, by substituting the

for*4, to suit each particular case.

Declared before me

Date

Place, at

Signature of soldier. Signature of witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

I of do make oath, that

I am by trade a and that was

bound to serve as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the term

of years; and that the said did on or about

the day of abscond and quit my service

without my consent; and that to the best of my knowledge and belief the said is aged about years. Witness

my hand at the day of one thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this day of one thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. j A peace of certify, that

of came before me at the

day of one thousand eight hundred and,

and made oath that he was by trade a and that

was bound to serve as an apprentice to him in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the term

of years; and that the said apprentice did on or about

the day of abscond and quit the service of the said without his consent, and that to the best of his

knowledge and belief the said apprentice is aged about years.

66

Ch. 9.

34Tlct

FORM of Oath to be iaken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's -colonies or possessions has absconded.

T of do make oath, that

was bound to me to serve as an indentured labourer by indenture dated the day of for the term of

years, and that the said did on or about the

day of abscond and quit my service without my

consent.

Witness, SfC, [as for apprenticed]

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured Labourer.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. j J- peace of certify, that

of came before me at the

day of and made oath that was bound

to serve as an indentured labourer to him by indenture dated the day of for the term of years, and

that the said indentured labourer did on or about the day of abscond and quit the service of the said

without his consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's

Accounts.

f do solemnly and sincerely declare, that I have

* - not applied any moneys or stores or supplies under my care or distribution to my own use, or to the private nse of any other person by way of .loan to such person or otherwise, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public purposes, according to the duty of my office.

Declared before me by the within-named this day of J

Justice of the Pearce of

or commander-in-chief or second in command, et*cmtcra, >tke army serving m et cetera [as the case

may he].

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's

Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, that the

foregoing pay list of the regiment of, For the

period ended 187, contains charges of pay for only such

non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, buglers, and privates as were effective and entitled to pay during, and regularly mustered at, the periods set against their names; that all those men who were not present at the respective musters taken by me on the, the, and the have the true

67

1871- Mutiny. Ch. 9.

reasons of their absence stated against their names; and that every absence aflecting the pay or allowances of such men which occurred between the respective musters is properly accounted for.

Also, that the list of commissioned officers prefixed to the said pay list contains a true and just statement of the names of all the commissioned officers who have been effective and entitled to pay as belonging to the said regiment for the periods therein set down against their respective names; also, that all the remarks opposite to their names on the muster roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the som debited in the general state of this pay list for the pay of officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the sums debited in this pay list and account, amounting to, have been actually and bonk fide

disbursed by me in conformity with the established regulations, and that the total sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several services therein charged, including every receipt whatever, for which I am required to give credit in these accounts, is

Also, that the statement at the foot of this page contains a full and correct list of all abstracts of examination, and of all decisions on abstracts of examination, of the pay list of this regiment received between the of 187 (the date of the last pay list transmitted to the War Office being that for the period ended the 187)and the of

187, the date of this pay list.

Also, that the total amount of the sums disallowed in the said decisions is credited in this pay list, in conformity with article 21 of the explanatory directions, dated the 1st July 1848.

Also, that to the best of my knowledge and belief both my sureties are now living; that the property of each is at least double that for which he is surety; and that they respectively reside at the places under mentioned.

Names of sureties. Places of residence.

Declared and subscribed before me, at this day of 187 .

Peace for

__Paymaster.

Justice of the

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Control Paymaster.

I HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, that this account, comprised in folios, is just and true, according to the

best of my knowledge, information, and belief; and I make this declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

.__________Control Paymaster.

Declared before me, at this day of

18

Peace for

Justice of the

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

" surrendered himself," as the case may be] on the day of and was committed to confinement at on the day of as a deserter from [insert regiment or corps].

Age

Feet Inches.

Height

Complexion

Hair

Eyes -

Marks -

Probable date of enlistment, and where -

Probable date of desertion, and from what place -

Name and occupation and address of the person by whom or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured -

* < Particulars in the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what V manner, and upon what grounds -

It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter, that this part of the return shonld be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the magistrate in his own handwriting, or, under his direction, by his clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my presence that he j-a deserter from the above-mentioned corps.

---- Signature and address of

magistrate.

---- Signature of prisoner.

- Signature of informant

t Insert is* or " is not," as the case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the prisoner, and consider him $ for military service.

---- Signature of military

medical officer, or of§ private medical practitioner.

t InsertM fit" or "unfit," as the case may be: and, if unfit, state the cause of unfitness.

§ No fee will be allowed to a private medical practitioner where a military me* dioal officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his services were not available.

Marine,

Ch. 10,

69

CHAP. 10.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[24th April 1871.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the safety of the " United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or merchant ships or vessels, or ships or vessels of Her Majesty, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty that an exact discipline be observed, and that marines who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of any other crime or offence in breach of or to the prejudice of good order and discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or poweP to Lord the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High High Admiral, Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to make, ordain, alter, A^deTfo/the and establish rules and Articles of War, under the hand of punishment of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the hands of any two mutiny, deser-or more of the said Commissioners for the better govern- tion»&c# ment of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and for the punishment of mutiny, desertion, immorality, breach of discipline, misbehaviour, neglect of duty, and any other offence or misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's dominions, or at any time when or under any circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the laws for the government of Her Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea, and for regulating the proceedings of courts-martial, which rules and articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and in all courts whatsoever; and copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be

70 Ph. 10.

Marine Mutiny. 34 Vice.

transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being (certified under his hand) to the judges of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the governors of Her Majesty's dominions abroad; provided that no person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which may be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

As to offences 2. All crimes and offences committed against any former SKtiif Acts* mac*e for the regulation of the Royal Marine forces while and Articles of on shore, or against any of the rules, regulations, or Articles War. of War made and established by virtue of the same, may,

during the continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every warrant for holding any court-martial under any former Act shall remain in ftdl force notwithstanding the expiration of such Act; and all proceedings of any court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Limitation as expiration of the same: Provided always, that no person shaD to time. be liable to be tried and punished for any offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the date of the commission or warrant for such trial, unless the person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that period, in which case such person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding two years after the impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any officer or marine in any place beyond the seas shall commit any of the offences punishable by court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such offence had been committed within this realm.

Provisions of 3, This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, ofte^to^er- ^Merney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, sey, &c. as to the provisions herein contained for enlisting of recruits, whether minors or of full age, and swearing and attesting such recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the provisions for trial and punishment of officers and marines who shall be charged with mutiny and desertion or any other of the offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a court-martial, and also to the provisions which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise

18.71. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 71

receive any aims, medals for good conduct or for distinguished or other service, clothes, military furniture, or regimental necessaries from any marine or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of any such clothes to be changed; and also to the provisions for exempting marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any parish any wife or child or children, or on account of any breach of contract to serve or work for any employer, or on account of any debts under thirty pounds in the said islands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to The ordinary extend to exempt any officer or marine from being proceeded cour8e^law against by the ordinary course of law when accused of felony interfered with, or misdemeanor, or of any misdemeanor other than the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices

for the payment of money; and any commanding officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due application shall be made to him for that purpose, to deliver over to the civil magistrate any officer or marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any peace officer in apprehending any such offender, shall, upon conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any civil or military office or employment in Her Majesty's service; and a certificate of such conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No person subject to this Act having been acquitted No person tried or convicted of any crime or offence by the civil magistrate

or by the verdict of a jury shall be liable to be again tried for Cour£mar-the same crime or offence by a court-martial, or to he punished tial for same for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the case of a £ffe^h^CCpt commissioned officer, or in the case of a warrant officer by reduction to an inferior class, or to the rank of a private marine, by order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or in the case of a non-commissioned officer, by reduction to the ranks, by order of the commandant of the division to which such non-commissioned officer may belong; and whenever any officer or marine shall have been tried before a court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, the clerk of the court or other officer having the custody of the records of such court, or the deputy of such clerk, shall, if required by the officer commanding the division to which such officer or marine belongs, transmit to him a certificate containing the substance and effect only, omitting the formal part, of the indictment, conviction, and entry of judgment thereon or acquittal of such officer or marine, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three shillings.

6. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall, during the time they shall be respectively bonne on the books of discipline of or be on board any of Her Majesty's ships or vessels in the navy while

on board ship.

72 Ch. 10. Marme Mutiny. 34 Vict.

commission, either as part of the complement or as supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the laws for the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea, and to the rules and discipline of the Royal Navy for the time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same manner as the officers and seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any marine officers or marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's ships, and be employed in military operations on shore, and when on such occasions the senior naval officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an order declaring that such marine officers and marines shall during such employment on shore be subject to the regulations of this Act, in which cases, and while such order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly for any offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and, with or without any commission or warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that purpose, the officer commanding in chief or commanding for the time being any such marine officers or marines shall have power and authority to convene, and to authorise any officer to convene, courts-martial under this Act, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the Royal Marine forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon himself such command: Provided always, that if any marine officer or marine so borne on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships or otherwise shall commit any offence for which he shall not be amenable to a naval court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same manner as other officers or marines may be tried and punished for the like offences under the authority of this Act; or if , the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a naval court-martial for the same.

Power to Lord 7. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High commission Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to grant commissions for holding or warrants under the hand of the said Lord High Admiral, martial Stc*8" or uner the bands of any two or more of the said Commissioners for the holding of general and other courts-martial

within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to justice, and to erect and constitute courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's garrisons or dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, and to grant commis-

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

sions or warrants to the officer or officers commanding in chief or commanding for the time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other dominions, and in any foreign parts out of the same dominions, for convening, as well as for authorising any officer to convene, courts-martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the Royal Marine forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon himself such command, or before or after any such commission or warrant shall be granted, provided that the officer so authorised be not below the degree of a field officer, except in detached situations beyond seas, where a captain may be authorised to convene district or garrison courts-martial; and any person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the offences for which he may be liable to be tried by court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, or other place where he may have come or be after the commission of the offence, as if the offence had been committed where such trial shall take place.

8. Every general court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than nine commissioned officers, each of whom shall have held a commission for three years before the date of the assembly of the court. Every general court-martial shall have power to sentence aDy officer of marines or marine to suffer death, penal servitude, imprisonment, forfeiture of pay or pension, or any other punishment which shall accord with the usage of the service; but no sentence of death by a court-martial shall pass unless two thirds at least of the officers present shall concur therein. No sentence of penal servitude shall be for a period of less than five years, and no sentence of imprisonment shall be for a period longer than two years.

9. Every district or garrison court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than seven commissioned officers, and shall have the same power as a general court-martial to sentence any marine to such punishments as shall accord with the provisions of this Act; provided that the sentence of a district or garrison court-martial shall be confirmed by the general officer, governor, or senior officer in command of the district, garrison, island, or colony, and that no such district or garrison court-martial shall have power to try a commissioned officer, or to pass any sentence of death or penal servitude.

10. A divisional or detachment court-martial shall consist of not less than five commissioned officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that number, in which case three shall be sufficient, and shall have power to sentence any marine to corporal punishment or to imprisonment, and for-

73

v

Place where offenders may be tried.

Power of general courts-martial.

Powers of district or garrison courts-martial.

Powers of divisional and detachment courts-martial.

Courts-martial on line of march or in transport ships, &c.

Powers of detachment general courts-martial

Officers of the marine and land forces may sit in conjunction on courts-martial.

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

feiture of pay, in such manner as shall accord with the provisions of this Act.

11. In cases of mutiny and insubordination accompanied with personal violence or of other offences committed on the line of march, or on board any transport ship, convict ship, or merchant vessel, the offender may be tried by a divisional or detachment court-martial, and the sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the spot by the officer in immediate command, provided that the sentence shall not exceed that which a divisional court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any officer commanding any detachment or portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, upon complaint made to him of any offence committed against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in any country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces are so serving by any person under the immediate command of any such officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a detachment general court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three commissioned officers, for the trial of any such person, notwithstanding such officer shall not have received any warrant empowering him to assemble courts-martial; and every such court-martial shall have the same powers in regard to summoning and examining witnesses, trial of and sentence upon offenders, as are granted by this Act to general courts-martial: Provided always, that no sentence of any such detachment court-martial shall be executed until the officer commanding the army to which the division, brigade, detachment, or party to which any person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. When it is necessary or expedient, a court-martial composed exclusively of officers of the Royal Marines, or a court-martial composed of officers of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with officers of the Royal Marines, whether the commanding officer by whose order such court-martial is assembled belongs to the land or to the marine forces, may try a person belonging to any one of the said three services; provided that when the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, then the provisions of this Act, or of such Act as shall be then and there in force for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, and the oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the proceedings of such court shall be regulated as if the court were composed of officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the provisions of the Act then and there in force

1871. Murine Mvti&ny. Ch. 10. 75

for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and the oaths therein prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be out of the United Kingdom, the provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such officers and soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

14. Provided there be no superior officer of Her Majesty's 11 no superior land forces present in command of a district, garrison, station, for^i£ present or place where marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for in command of any officer of the Royal Marine corps of the degree of a

field officer, and holding a commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of convene a Lord High Admiral, for that purpose, but not otherwise, to court-martial, convene or assemble a district or garrison court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such court to proceed to try any marine or marines below the rank of commissioned officer for any of the offences cognizable by a district or garrison court-martial; but the sentence so awarded by any such court shall not be carried into effect until the senior officer of the Royal Marines in the district, garrison, station, or place, not being a member of the court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such superior officer of Her Majesty's land forces present in command of the district, garrison, station, or place where marines may be, in such case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such district or garrison court-martial for the trial of any marine or marines below the rank of a commissioned officer, and for such court-martial to try any Such marine or marines in conformity with the provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the sentence which may be awarded by any such court which may be convened or assembled by any such superior officer shall not be carried into effect until such superior officer shall have confirmed the same.

15. The president of every court-martial shall be appointed

by or under the authority of the officer convening such courts, court8- and shall in no case be the confirming officer, or the officer whose duty it has been to investigate the charges on which the prisoner is to be arraigned, nor, in the case of a general court-martial, under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be had, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of a captain, save in the case of a detachment general court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's dominions, or of a divisional or detachment court-martial holden on the

76 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

line of march, or on board a transport ship, convict ship, merchant vessel, or troop ship not in commission, or on any foreign station where a captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the case of a detachment general court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's dominions the officer convening such court may be the president thereof.

Proceedings at 16. In all trials by court-martial, as soon as the president triaL and other officers appointed to serve thereon shall be as-

sembled, their names shall be read over in the hearing of the prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the president or by any of such officers, and if the prisoner shall then object to the president, such objection, unless disallowed by two thirds at least of the other officers appointed to form the court, shall be referred to the decision of the authority by whom such president shall have been appointed; but if he object to any officer other than the president, such objection shall be decided by the president and the other officers so aforesaid appointed to form the court; and when the place of the president or other officer in respect of whom any challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some officer in respect of whom no challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the president and the other officers composing a general court-martial shall take the oaths in the schedule to this Act annexed before the judge advocate or his deputy or person officiating as judge advocate, and on trials by other courts-martial before the president of such court, who are hereby respectively authorised to administer the same, and any sworn member may administer the oath to the president; and as soon as the said oaths shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, the oath in the schedule to this Act annexed; and no proceeding or trial shall be had upon any offence but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and four in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example, and except in the East Indies, where such proceedings or trial may be had between the hours of six in the morning and four in the afternoon.

Swearing and 17, All general and other courts-martial shall have power and authority and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness or other person who shall be examined before such court in any matter relating to any proceeding before the same; and every person, as well civil as military, who may be required to give or produce evidence before a court-martial, shall, in the case of general courts-martial be summoned by the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, and in the case of all other courts-martial by the president of the court; and all persons so summoned and attending as witnesses before any court-martial shall, during their

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

necessary attendance in or on Such courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the court out of which the writ or process issued by which such witness was arrested; or if such court be not sitting, then by any judge of the superior courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such court or judge by any affidavit in a summary way that such witness was arrested in going to, attending Upon, or returning from or attending upon such court-martial; and all witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the documents being under their power or control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give evidence or to answer all such questions as the court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, sheriff or stewart courts in Scotland, or in the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, garrisons, or dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon complaint made, in like manner as if such witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a trial in any proceeding in the court in which such complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an oath necessary in any case where by law a solemn affirmation may be made instead thereof.

18. No officer or marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any offence shall be liable to be tried a second time by the same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and no finding, opinion, or sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional evidence in respect of any charge on which the prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the court on any revision.

19. If any person who is or shall be commissioned or in pay as an officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer, drummer, or private man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, shall at any time during the continuance of this Act, while on shore in any place within the said kingdom or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in any foreign parts out of such dominions, or on board any transport ship, or merchant ship or vessel, or any ship or vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any convict hulk or ship, or any other ship or vessel, or in any place whatever, where or while being in any circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in

No second trial, but revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with death.

78 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34s Vict.

any mutiny or sedition in Her Majesty's marine or other forces, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress any such mutiny or sedition, or shall conspire with any other person to cause a mutiny, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny or intended mutiny shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post to deliver up to the enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak words or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer or any other to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his post; or shall hold correspondence with or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, pirate, or enemy of Her Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, tokens, or any other ways or means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any terms with any such rebel, pirate, or enemy, without the licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kindom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the time being; or shall strike or use or offer any violence against his superior officer being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; or who being confined in a military prison shall offer any violence against a visitor or other officer being in the execution of his office, or shall violate any law or regulation of or relating to any military prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces; every person so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such offence be committed within this realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in foreign parts upon land or upon the sea, shall suffer death or penal servitude or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any non-commissioned officer or marine in pay in any division or company who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other division or company, or in any other branch of Her Majesty's service, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly. Conmrat&tion 20. In all cases where the punishment of death shall have pe^se^tade ^)een awarded by a general court-martial or by a detachment oHmprison- general court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, ment, &c. if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the commanding officer having authority to confirm the sentence, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order the offender to be kept to penal servitude

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 70

for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such term of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

2L Any officer or marine, or any person employed or in Embezzlement any way concerned in the care or distribution of any money, provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other stores tude, imprison-belonging to any of Her Majesty's forces or for Her Majesty's ment, &c. use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a general court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such punishment of fine, imprisonment with or without hard labour, dismissal from Her Majesty's service, reduction to the ranks, if a warrant or non-commissioned officer, as such court shall think fit, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and every such offender shall, in addition to any other punishment, make good at his own expense the loss and damage sustained; and in every such case the court is required to ascertain by evidence the amount of such loss or damage, and to declare by their sentence that such amount shall be made good by such offender; and the loss and damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and may be* recovered in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any court in Her Majesty's colonies where the person sentenced by such court-martial shall be resident after the said judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the offender, if he shall remain in the service, may be put under stoppages not exceeding one half of his pay and allowances until the amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

22. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any sentence As to execution of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon of ^Mr^ade any offender by any court-martial shall be carried into execu- ETthe United tion for the term specified in such sentence, or for any shorter Kingdom, term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to penal servitude any sentence of death which shall have been passed by any such court, such sentence, together with Her Majesty's pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by the Secretary to the Admiralty for the time being, to any justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such justice or baron shall make an order for the penal servitude of such offender upon the terms and for the time which shall be specified in such notification, and shall do all such other acts consequent upon such notification as any such justice or baron is authorised to make or do by any statute or statutes in force at the time of making any such orders in relation to penal servitude of offenders; and such order, and other acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such person

80 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, and by all other persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same consequences, as any order made under the authority of any statute with respect to any offender in such statute mentioned; and every sheriff, gaoler, keeper, governor, or superintendent whom it may concern, and all constables and other persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid order and orders, be assistant in the execution thereof, and be liable to the same punishment for disobedience to or for interrupting the execution of such order, as they would be if the same had been made under the authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every person so ordered to be kept in penal servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the penalties and provisions made by law and in force concerning persons under sentence of penal servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's pardon on condition of penal servitude; and from the time when such order of penal servitude shall be made every law and statute in force touching the escape of felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without leave, shall apply to such offender, and to all persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any escape or intended escape or the returning without leave of any such offender; and the judge who shall make any order of penal servitude as aforesaid shall direct the notification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and his own order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of record in the office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said clerk shall have a fee of two shillings and sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on application, deliver a certificate in writing (not taking more than two shillings and sixpence for the same) to such offender, or to any person applying in his or Her Majesty's behalf, showing the Christian and surname of such offender, his offence, the place where the court was held before which he was convicted, the sentence, and the conditions on which the order of penal servitude was made; which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and of the sentence of such offender, and also of the terms in which such order for his penal servitude was made, in any court and in any proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an order that any such offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in penal servitude in England, and such order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such offender had been convicted in England and the order had been made by any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England. As to execQ- 23. Whenever any sentence of penal servitude heretofore or tcmcefiutoe hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial holden colonies! *n ^7 Pai*t of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, or elsewhere beyond the seas, is to be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence, or for any shorter term, or when

8i

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

sentence of death passed by any such court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to penal servitude, the same shall be notified by the officer commanding Her Majesty's forces at the presidency or station where the offender may come or he, if in India to the chief judge or any judge of the chief civil court of the presidency or province in which the court-martial has been held; and if in any other part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, to the chief justice or some other judge therein, who shall make order for the penal servitude or intermediate custody of such offender; and upon any such order being made it shall be duly notified to the governor of the presidency if in the East Indies, or to the governor of the colony if in any of Her Majesty's colonies, or to the person who shall for the time being be exercising the office of governor of such presidency or colony, who on receipt of such notification shall cause such offender to be removed or sent to some other colony or place, or to undergo his sentence within the presidency or colony where the offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the directions for the removal and treatment of convicts which shall from time to time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such presidency or colony; and such offender shall, according to such directions, undergo the sentence of penal servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the presidency or colony in which he has been so sentenced or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under such sentence, in the same manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in such presidency or colony or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

24. In any case where a sentence of penal servitude shall Sentence of have been awarded by a general or detachment general court-

martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place muted for im-out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer prisonment. commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the offender be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, for such term not exceeding two years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

25. Where an award of any forfeiture, or of deprivation of Of forfeitures,

pay, or of stoppages of pay shall have been added to any sentence m

of penal servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High servitude. Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, in the event of the sentence being commuted for imprisonment, to order such award

Disposal of convict after sentence of penal servitude.

Power to inflict corporal punishment in certain cases.

Power to inflict corporal punishment and imprisonment.

Power to commute corporal punishment.

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient

26. When any sentence of death shall be commuted for penal servitude, or when any marine shall by court-martial be adjudged to penal servitude as authorised by this Act, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of the division to which such marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any gaol or prison, there to remain in safe custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due authority under an order for his penal servitude to be made by some justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and a certificate of his sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, (such certificate to be signed by the commanding officer of the division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient order, requisition, and authority to the governor, keeper, or superintendent of the gaol or prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such offender being so conveyed to gaol or prison the usual allowance of sixpence per diem, or such other sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any time or times direct, shall be made to the keeper of the gaol or prison for the subsistence of such offender during his detention therein, which allowance shall be paid by the paymaster of the division, upon production to him, by the said governor, keeper, or superintendent, of a declaration, to be made by him before one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace of such county, of the number of days during which the offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such gaol or prison.

27. No court-martial shall, for any offence whatever committed in time of peace within the Queen's dominions, have power to sentence any marine to corporal punishment: Provided that any court-martial may sentence any marine to corporal punishment while on active service in the field, or on board any ship not in commission, for mutiny, insubordination, desertion, drunkenness on duty, or on the line of march; and no sentence of corporal punishment shall exceed fifty lashes.

28. It shall be lawful for any general, district, or garrison court-martial to award imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, such confinement not exceeding the periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of War, and in case of a marine in addition to corporal punishment.

29. In all cases in which corporal punishment shall form the whole or part of the sentence awarded by any court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the

1871. Marme Mutvny. Ch. 10. 83

officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, to commute such corporal punishment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding forty-two days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, or to mitigate such sentence, or instead of such sentence to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, and corporal punishment, to be inflicted in the prison, not exceeding twenty-five lashes, and the solitary confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no case exceed seven days at a time, with intervals of not less than seven days between each period of such confinement.

30. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all cases what- Power to com-soever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put fsen" in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in cashiering, addition thereto, to suffer such loss of army or regimental rank,

or both, as may be deemed expedient.

31. Any general court-martial may, in addition to any other Forfeiture of punishment which such court may award, sentence any offender

to forfeiture of all advantage as to additional pay, good-conduct pay, and to pension on discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the length of his former service, or to forfeiture of such advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past service, or might accrue from future service, or to forfeiture of any annuity and medal which may have been granted for former meritorious service, or of the gratuity and medal awarded for former good conduct, and of all medals and decorations, according to the nature of the case; and any district or garrison court-martial may also, in addition to any punishment which such court may award, sentence any offender to such forfeiture for desertion, or for disgraceful conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other marine, whether at the instance of such other marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other person, with intent thereby to render himself or such other marine unfit for service:

In wilfully doing any act, or wilfully disobeying any orders, whether in hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating disease or infirmity, or delaying his cure:

In malingering or feigning disease:

In tampering with his eyes, with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service:

In stealing or embezzling Government property or stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any money or goods the property of a comrade, of a marine officer, or of any marine mess or band, or in receiving any such money or goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent accounts, returns, matters, or entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made,

84 Ch. 10. MaHne Mutiny. 34 Vict.

or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying public money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other offence of a felonious or fraudulent nature, to the injury of, or with intent to injure, any person, civil, marine, or military:

Or for any other disgraceful conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural kind.

Forfeiture of 32. Every marine who shall be found guilty by a court-pay of convi-c" martial of desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or felony^1*41011 or any °^ier marine, whether at the instance of such other marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other person, with intent thereby to render himself or such other marine unfit for service, of tampering with his eyes with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service, such finding having been confirmed, or found guilty by a jury of felony in any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any crime or offence in any court of criminal judicature in any part of the United Kingdom, or in any dominion, territory, colony, settlement, or island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to felony, shall thereupon forfeit all advantage as to additional pay, good-conduct pay, and to pension on discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the length of his former service, in addition to any punishment which such court may award; and every marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to penal servitude, or discharged with ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all medals which he may be in possession of, whether for sea or field service or for good conduct, together with any annuity or pension or gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any sergeant reduced to the ranks by sentence of court-martial may, by the order of the same court, be made to forfeit any annuity or pension and medal for meritorious service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

Forfeiture of 33, If any non-commissioned officer or marine, by reason confinement* ^is imprisonment, whether under sentence of a court-martial or of any other court duly authorised to pass such sentence, or by reason of his confinement for debt, or by reason of his desertion, or, being an apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his time with his master, shall have been absent from his duty during any portion of the time limited by his enlistment or re-engagement or prolongation of service, as herein-after provided, such portion of his time shall not be reckoned as a part of the limited service for which such non-commissioned officer or marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his time of service may have been or during ab- prolonged; and no marine shall be entitled to pay, or to

sence on com- reckon service towards pay or pension, when in confinement mitment under r J r

1871. MaA'ine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 8i>

under a sentence of any court, or during any absence from a charge, or in duty by commitment or confinement as a deserter by confes- arrest for debt» sion or under any charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by court-martial or by any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, or whilst in confinement for debt; and when any marine shall be absent as a prisoner of war he or when pri-shall not be entitled to pay, or to reckon service towards soner of war; pay or pension, for the period of such absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's service due inquiry shall be made by a court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of such court that the said marine was taken prisoner through wilful neglect of duty on his part, or that he had served with or under, or in some manner aided, the enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's service, he may thereupon be recommended by such court to receive either the whole of such arrears of pay, or a proportion thereof, and to reckon service during his absence; and any of when con-marine who shall be convicted of desertion, or of absence tio^o^absS^e* without leave, shall, in addition to any punishment awarded without leave; by the court, forfeit his pay for the day or days during which he was in a state of desertion, or during his absence without leave; and if any marine shall absent himself without leave or.T^en absent for any period, and shall not account for the same to the W1 out eaYe* satisfaction of the commanding officer, or if any marine shall be guilty of any other offence which the commanding officer may not think necessary to bring before a court-martial, the commanding officer may, in addition to any minor punishment he is authorised to award, order that such marine shall be imprisoned for such period not exceeding one hundred and sixty-eight hours, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as the said commanding officer may think fit, and such marine shall forfeit his pay for any day or days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said commanding officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such imprisonment and forfeiture, or any other punishment which he has authority to inflict, any marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his pay for the day or days during which he shall have so absented himself; and, in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid, the pay of the marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a court-martial for any offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer imprisonment, punishment, or forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any marine who shall be so ordered to suffer imprisonment or forfeiture of pay shall, if he so request, have a right to be tried by a court-martial for his offence, instead of submitting to such imprisonment or forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the payment of the whole or any part of the pay of any officer H

86

Stoppages.

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

or marine daring the period of absence by any of the causes aforesaid.

34. In addition to any other punishment which the court may award, a court-martial may farther direct that any offender may be put under stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any bounty fraudulently obtained by him by desertion from his corps and enlisting in some other corps or in the militia:

Any loss, disposal of, or damage occasioned by him in any of the instances of disgraceful conduct herein specified: Any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to any property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent misconduct:

Any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury, to his arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries, or any extra article of clothing or equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the recommendation of the surgeon for the benefit of his health, or making away with or pawning any medal or decoration for service or for general good conduct which may have been granted to him by order of Her Majesty or by order of the East India Company, or any medal or decoration which may have been granted to him by any foreign power, or any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to the arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries of any officer or marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent misconduct:

Any expense necessarily incurred by his drunkenness or other misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the case of the loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries, in which case the court may by its sentence direct that the said stoppages shall continue till the cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the amount of any loss, disposal, destruction, damage or injury, or expense, shall be ascertained by evidence, and the offender shall be placed under stoppages for such an amount only as shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court: Provided also, that when an offender is pnt under stoppages for making away with or pawning any medal or decoration, the amount shall be credited to the public, bat the medal or decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the pay of the marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the charges for messing and washing, leave him a residue at the least of one penny a day.

1871. Mwrvm Mutiny. Ch. 10. 87

86. Whenever any marine shall have been convicted of Discharge with desertion or of any such disgraceful conduct as is herein- 18aomm7-before described, and the court in respect of such disgraceful

conduct shall have made the forfeiture of all claim to pension on discharge a part of the sentence passed on such marine, such court may further sentence him to be discharged with ignominy from Her Majesty's service: Provided always,

where an award of any of the forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of deprivation of pay, or of stoppages bf pay, shall have been added to a sentence of transportation or penal servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the East Indies, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's land forces in India, in the event of the sentence of transportation or penal servitude being commuted to imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

36. A general or district or garrison court-martial may Power of mi-sentence any marine to imprisonment, with or without hard pna^lcnt labour, and may also direct that such offender shall be kept ^nfor district in solitary confinement for any portion or portions of such courts-martial, imprisonment, in no case exceeding fourteen days at a time, nor eighty-four days in any one year, with intervals between the periods of solitary confinement of not less duration than such periods; and when the imprisonment awarded shall exceed three months, the court-martial shall imperatively order that the solitary confinement shall not exceed seven days in any one month of the whole imprisonment awarded, with intervals between the periods of solitary confinement of pot less duration than such periods.

87. Any divisional or detachment court-martial may sen- Power of im-

tence any marine to imprisonment, with or without hard by

labour, for any period not exceeding forty-two days, and may detachment also direct that such marine be kept in solitary confinement courts-martial for any portion or portions of such imprisonment, not exceeding fourteen days at a time, with intervals between them

of not less duration than such periods of solitary confinement: Provided always, that when any court-martial, whether general, garrison, or district, or divisional or detachment, shall direct that the imprisonment shall be solitary confinement only, or when any sentence of corporal punishment shall have been commuted to imprisonment only, the period of such solitary confinement shall in no case exceed fourteen days.

38. Whenever sentence shall be passed by a court-martial on an offender already under sentence, either of imprisonment ^er or of penal servitude, the court may award sentence of im- sentence, prisonment or penal servitude for the offence for which he is under trial to commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which he shall have been so

88

Term and place of imprisonment.

Proviso for removal of prisoners.

previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the terms of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which either of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Whenever Her Majesty, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial shall commute a sentence of penal servitude or corporal punishment to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence shall be so commuted shall at the time of such commutation be under sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, it shall be lawful to direct that such commuted sentence of imprisonment shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which such prisoner shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the term of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which either of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

39. Save as herein specially provided, every term of penal servitude or imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the day on which the original sentence and proceedings shall be signed by the president; and the place of imprisonment under the sentences of courts-martial shall be appointed by the court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or the commanding officer of the division to which the offender belongs or is attached, or the officer commanding the district, garrison, island, or colony.

40. In the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under sentence of a court-martial, or as part of commuted punishment, in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction or elsewhere, in any part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being, in all cases, or for the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the division or the district or garrison in which such prisoner may be, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 89

case of any such prisoner, to give as often as occasion may arise an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military or other custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of any prisoner who shall be removed by any such order from any such prison, gaol, or house of correction, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other prison or place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the officer or authorities who gave such order shall also give an order in writing directing the governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of such other prison or place to receive such prisoner into his custody, and specifying the offence of which such prisoner shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which hie is to undergo, and the day and the hour on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any military prison in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or the general officer commanding the district or station in which the prison may be situated, shall have the like powers in regard to the discharge and delivery over of such prisoners to military or other custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the authorities above mentioned in respect of any prisoners undergoing confinement as aforesaid in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions; and such prisoner in any of the cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the production of any such order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the case may be: Provided always, that the time during which any prisoner under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial shall be detained in such military or other custody under such order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as imprisonment under the sentence, for whatever purpose such detention shall take place, and such prisoner may during such time, either when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal,

4L Every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, or of any gaol or house of correction, in military sen-any part of Her Majesty's dominions, shall receive into his ^nce " ^)m *

90 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

custody any military offender under sentence of imprisonment by a general or other court-martial, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or from the officer commanding the division or detachment to which the offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which order shall specify the period of imprisonment or remainder of imprisonment which the offender is to undergo, and the day and hour of the day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, ot keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time, under an order duly made for that purpose; and whenever marines are called out in aid of the civil power, or are stationed in billets, or are on the line of march, every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement shall receive into his custody any marine for a period not exceeding seven days, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the officer commanding such marine; and any governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any marine offender in the manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

Subsistence of 42. The gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house

prisoners in of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in

common gao . p^t of Her Majesty's dominions shall diet and supply every marine imprisoned therein under the sentence of a court-martial or as a deserter with fuel and other necessaries according to the regulations of such place of confinement, and shall receive on account of every marine during the period of his imprisonment one shilling per diem, or such other sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may7 at any time or times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the subsistence of such marine, upon application in writing signed by any justice within whose jurisdiction such place of confinement shall be locally situated, together with a copy of the order of commitment, and which sum of one shilling per diem, or such other sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed.

Notice to be 48. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol,

piratic ofim- house of correction, or other place of confinement, to whom

1871. Ma/rirve Mutiny. Ch. 10. 91

any notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason prisonment in to know or believe, that any person in his custody for any common gaols, debt or contempt, or upon any charge or for any offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a marine, shall on receiving him into custody give notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the expiration of the period of the confinement or imprisonment of such marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty one month's notice of the period of such expiration of confinement or imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient time for a month's notice, then the longest practicable notice thereof, specifying the day and hour of the day on and at which he is to be released; and for every default of giving either or any of such notices such gaoler or person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and moreover every gaoler or other person having such immediate inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such marine shall he entitled to be discharged out of custody, with all convenient speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such marine either unto the officer commanding at the nearest head quarters of the Royal Marines or to the officer commanding Her Majesty's ship to which any such marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by writing under the hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the officer commanding at the nearest head quarters of the Royal Marines, or the officer commanding Her Majesty's ship to which any such marine may belong, shall, by writing under his hand, direct that such marine be delivered to some other officer or person, in which case he shall be delivered to such other officer or person accordingly, and the officer or person to whom such marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such gaoler or person delivering up such marine a certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the receipt of such marine, and, if such gaoler or other person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such marine, specifying the place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such gaoler or person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered auy such marine shall, upon the production of such certificate, he entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the sum of one shilling per mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such marine as aforesaid; and every such gaoler or other person having such immediate inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such marine as aforesaid shall for every such misconduct or offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds. In all cases where the marine in custody is under sentence to be discharged from the service on the completion of his term of imprisonment, and the discharge document is in the hands of the gaoler, such gaoler shall not be required to make any

n

Military prisons established under any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion in the army to he deemed public prisons.

Musters, and penalty on false musters.

Verifying of muster rolls.

Cfl. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

report thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Deputy Adjutant General of Marines.

44. Every military prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be deemed to be public prisons within the meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces; and any officer or marine convicted by a court-martial may be sent, by order of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, to any such military prison, there to undergo such punishment as may be awarded by the sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an order, as in the case of a discharge or removal from any other prison under this Act.

45. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every division or company of Royal Marines once in every calendar month, as shall be appointed; and no officer or marine shall be absent from any such muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other duty of the corps, or sick, or in prison, or on furlough; and every person belonging to Her Majesty's service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue certificate thereby to excuse any person from any muster or other service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue muster of man or horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false muster or duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any money or gratuity for mustering any person, or for signing any muster roll or duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any person by a wrong name, shall, upon proof by two witnesses before a general court-martial, for any such offence be sentenced to be cashiered: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all cases whatsoever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such loss of rank as may be deemed expedient; and any person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon proof thereof by the oaths of two witnesses before some justice of the peace residing near to the place where such muster shall be made, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and the informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any person not belonging to Her Majesty's service shall give or sign any untrue certificate of illness or otherwise in order to excuse any officer or marine from appearance at any muster, or whereby Her Majesty's service may be defrauded, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

46. All muster rolls and pay lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon oath shall be sworn before and

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 08

attested by any justice of the peace, without fee or reward to himself or his clerk.

47. Every marine shall be liable to be tried and punished Trials for for desertion from any corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to enHs^S. another corps, and be a deserter therefrom; and whether such marine shall be tried for deserting from the corps to which

he may of right belong, or from the corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other desertion, every desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the time be taking his trial may, if duly stated in the charges, be given in evidence against him on such trial

48. Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter Apprehension it shall be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be of deserters, immediately met with, then for any officer or marine or soldier

in Her Majesty's service, or other person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any justice living in or near the place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the county, city, district, place, or borough wherein such place is situate, or for the county adjoining such first-mentioned county or such borough; and such justice is hereby authorised and required to inquire whether such suspected person is a deserter, and from time to time to defer the said inquiry, and to remand the said suspected person, in the manner prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, section twenty-one, and subject to every provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, by the testimony of one or more witnesses taken upon oath, or by the confession of such suspected person, confirmed by some corroborative evidence upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil custody to the head quarters or depfit of the division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible distance from the place of commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public prison (other than a military prison) or police station legally provided as the lock-up house for temporary confinement of persons taken into custody, whether such prison or police station be in the county or borough in which such suspected person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the deserter has been apprehended by a party of marines 'in charge of a commissioned officer, such justice may deliver him up to such party, unless the officer shall deem it necessary to have the deserter committed to prison for safe custody; and such justice shall transmit an account of the proceedings, in the form prescribed in the schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such deserter was delivered to

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

a party of marines in order to his being taken to the head quarters or dep6t of his division, or whether such deserter was committed to prison, to the end that the person so committed may be removed by an order from the Baid Lord I High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the I office of Lord High Admiral, or Deputy Adjutant General of Royal Marines, and proceeded against according to law; and such justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a report stating the names of the persons by whom or by or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such justice an order upon the proper department for the payment of the sum of twenty shillings as a reward to the person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such information, commitment, and report as aforesaid the clerk of the said justice shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and no more; and every gaoler and other person into whose custody any person charged with desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the receipt of the person so charged into his custody, pay such fee of two shillings, and also, upon the production of a receipt from the medical practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected person, a fee of two shillings and sixpence, and shall notify the fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a copy of the commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order repayment of such fees; and that when any such person shall be apprehended and committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public prison, if the detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such part, or if the detachment be in such part, the justice may deliver him into custody at the nearest military post, although the detachment to which such person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such military post, if within reasonable distance; and such justice shall in every case transmit to the officer commanding a description return in the form prescribed in the schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such person may be removed by the order of such officer, and proceeded against according to law; and such description return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence of the facts and matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such person so committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred, by order of the colonel commandant or other officer commanding, to serve in any division, corps, detachment, or party nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other division, corps, detachment, or party to which the Lord High Admiral or

1871% Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 95

the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such transfer of service to be tried and punished as a deserter.

49. For and in respect of any marine attempting to desert Penalty on from any head quarters, the party or parties by whom he marines at-shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a reward of ten

shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such marine, bead quarters, which sum of ten shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the pay and subsistence of every such marine.

50. Every gaoler or keeper of any pubKc prison, gaol. Temporary house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confine- custody or ment in any part of Her Majesty's dominions is hereby de8«rterB m required to receive and confine therein every deserter who 8, 0

shall be delivered into his custody by any marine or other person conveying such deserter under lawful authority, on production of the warrant of the justice of the peace on which such deserter shall have been taken, or some order from the Admiralty, which order shall continue in force until the deserter shall have arrived at his destination; and such gaoler or keeper shall be entitled to one shilling for the safe custody of the said deserter while halted on the march, and to such subsistence for his maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

51. Any person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy Fraudulent or in any of Her Majesty's forces, or the embodied militia, confession of shall to any officer, or subordinate, warrant, petty, or non- desertion« commissioned officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a

deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, shall be liable to be tried by any court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the sentence thereof; and any person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any offence, shall in the presence of the justice confess himself to be a deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, whether such person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a marine or not; or in case such person shall not be a deserter from the Royal Marine forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other corps for any cause whatever, or shall be incapable of service, he shall, on conviction thereof before two justices of the peace at or near the place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a rogue and vagabond, and if elsewhere by commitment to some prison or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money under false pretences within the true intent and

24 & 25 Vict c. 96.

Punishment for inducing marines to desert

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vipr.

meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the session holden in the 'twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth, years of Queen Victorias intituled An Act to consolidate and amend " the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar offences," or, if in Scotland, shall, be deemed guilty of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition; and every person so deemed, to be guilty of obtaining money under false pretences, or of falsehood, fraud, and wilful irnpo* edtion, (as the case may. be,) shall be liable to be, proceeded against and punished accordingly .; and the confession and receiving subsistence as a marine by such person, shall ty evidence of the false pretence, or of the falsehood, .fraud* and imposition, (as the case may be,) and of the obtaining mpnfljf to the amount of the value of such subsistence^ and the v*lu# of such subsistence so obtained may be charged in the indic^ mentas so much money received »by. such person; and in case such person shall have been previously convicted of the like offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished m England as a rogue and vagabond, or, in Scotland or Ireland by commitment, for making a fraudulent confession of»desertion, such former conviction may .be alleged in the indictment, and may he proved upon the trial of such person; and in such indictment? for a second offence it shall be sufficient to state that the . offender, was at a certain time.anfl place convicted, of, obtaining, money under. false pxjetepces. as a deserter, for making a fraudulent / confession of desertion, without otherwise describing the said offence; and a certificate containing the substance and effect, only, (omitting the formal part) of the indictment and conviction of the former offence, purporting to be signed by the clerk of the court or other officer having the custody of the record, of the court where the offender was. first convicted, or by the deputy of such clerk, or by the clerk of the convicting magistrates, shall, upon proof of the identity of the person of the offender, be sufficient evidence of the first conviction, without proof of the signature or official. character of the person appearing to have signed.such certificate; and if the person so confessing himself to be a deserter shall be - serving at the time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all justices and gaolers as a deserter, '

52. Any person who shall, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure, apy marine to desert Or absent himself from his duty without leave from his commanding officer, or attempt to procure or persuade any marine to desert or absent himself from his duty, and any person who, knowing that any marine is absent from his duty without leave from his commanding officer, shall harbour or conceal such marine, or aid or assist such marine in concealing himself, or aid and assist in his rescue, or aid or assist him to desert, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof before

.1871- Marine Mutvny. Ch. 10. 97

any two justices acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such offender shall at any time happen to 4)e, be liable to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justices shall think fit.

53. When there shall not be any officer of Her Majesty's Extension of land or marine forces of the rank of captain or of a superior farlongh in rank, or any adjutant of militia, within convenient distance ^°*8lck" of the place where any non-commissioned officer or marine, not borne on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships or vessels in commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on furlough, shall be detained by sickness or other casualty rendering necessary an extension of such furlough, it shall be lawful for any justice who shall be satisfied of such necessity to grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall immediately certify such extension, and the cause thereof, to the commanding officer of the division or detachment to which the man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary allowance of pay and subsistence may be remitted to the marine, who shall not during the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any marine from trial and punishment according to the provisions of this Act for any false representation made by him in that behalf to the said officer or justice so extending the furlough, or for any breach of discipline committed by him' in applying for and obtaining the said extension of furlough.

-54. Any person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Marines liable forces as a marine, or who has received marine enlistment money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service Maj^ty'sser-only by process or execution on account of any charge of felony, vice only for or on account of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other fel7 .

«f certain misclc *

than the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of meanore, or for

justices for the payment of money, or on account of an original debts amount-

debt proved by affidavit of the plaintiff or of some one on his

behalf to amount to the value of thirty pounds at the least p '

over and above all costs of suit, such affidavit to be sworn,

without payment of any fee, before some judge of the court

out of which process or execution shall issue, or before some

person authorised to take affidavits in such court of which

affidavit, when duly filed in such court, a memorandum shall,

without fee, be endorsed upon the back of such process, stating

the fact sworn to, and the day of filing such affidavit; but no but not liable

marine or other person as aforesaid shall be liable by any to be taken

process whatever to appear before any justice of the peace or Majesty's^er-

other authority whatsoever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's vice for debts

service by any writ, summons, order, warrant, judgment, execu- 30i, or

tion, or any process whatever issued by or by the authority of 22?"

96

families, or for breach of contract *

Officers not to be sheriff, mayors, &c.

any court of law, or any magistrate, justice or justices of the peace, or any other authority whatsoever, for any original debt not amounting to thirty pounds, or for not supporting or main* taining, or for not haying supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any parish, township^ or place, or to the common fund of any imion, any relation or child which such marine or person might, if not in Her Majesty's service, be oompellabla by law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the mother of any bastard child, or to any person who may have been appointed to have the custody of such child* any sum to be paid in pursuance of an order it that behalf, or for the breach of any contract, covenant, agreement, or other engagement whatever, by parol or in writing, or for having left or deserted his employer or master, or \m j contract, work, or labour; and all summonses, warrants, commitments, indictments, convictions, judgments, and sentences, on account of any of the matters for which it is herein declared that a marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all intents and purposes; and any judge of any such court may examine into any complaint made by a marine or by his superior officer, and by warrant under his hand discharge such marine, without fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable costs to such complainant, who shall have for the recovery thereof the like remedy as would have been applicable to the recovery of any costs which might have been awarded against the complainant in any judgment or execution as aforesaid, or a writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the discharge of any such marine out of custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any plaintiff, upon notice of the cause of action first given in writing to any marine or left at his last quarters, may proceed in any action or suit to judgment, and have execution other than against the body or marine necessaries or equipments of such marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a master or employer, or to the breach of any contract, agreement, or engagement, shall apply to persons Who shall be really and bon& fide apprentices duly bound under the age of twenty-one years, as herein prescribed.

55. No person who shall be commissioned and in full pay as an officer in the Royal Marine forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be sheriff, and no such officer and no non-commissioned officer of such forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a constable, or overseer, guardian of any union, or any officer of a like description, of any county, hundred, riding, city, borough, town, division, parish, or other place, or to be mayor, portreeve, alderman, or to hold any office in any municipal corporation in any city, borough, or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a

1671. Marine Mutiny^ Ch. 1CL $2L

grand or petit or other juror or upon any inquest, and any summons for him to attend to serve as a grand or petit or other juror or upon an inquest shall be null and void; and every such person is hereby exempted from attendance and service in accordance with any such summons, and from all fines, pains, and penalties for or in consequence of no t attending or serving as aforesaid.

56. Every person authorised to enlist recruits for the Royal Questions Marines shall first abk the person offering to enlist whether he ^.PU^ belongs to any and what force in Her Majesty's service, and enSting011 also such other questions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to such persons, and in case of a recruit shall, immediately after giving turn enlisting money, serve him with a notice in the form set forth in the schedule to this Act annexed.

57. Every person who shall receive elnlisting money in Recruits when manner aforesaid shall upon such receipt be deemed to be to tinli&ed as a marine in Her Majesty's service, and while he shall remain with the recruiting party shall be entitled to be billeted.

56. Every person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within When recruits ninety-six hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlistment, appear, together with some person employed in the recruiting service, before a justice of the peace, not being bn officer of the marines, for the purpose of being attested as a marine, or of objecting to his enlistment.

69. Wheh a recruit, upon appearing before a justice for Dissent and the purposes aforesaid, shall dissent from or object to his enlistment, and shall satisfy the justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the recruit absolutely, and shall report such discharge to the commandant of the division for which the marine shall have enlisted; but if the recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the justice that the enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless upon repayment of the enlisting money and of any sum received by him in respect of pay, and of a further sum of twenty shillings as smart money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the sum paid by such recruit upon his discharge shall be kept by the justice, and after deducting therefrom one shilling as the fee for reporting the payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said commandant, shall be paid over to any person belonging to the recruiting party who may demand the same; and the justice who shall discharge any recruit shall in every case give a certificate thereof, signed with his hand, to the recruit, specifying the cause thereof.

60. If the recruit on appearing before a justice shall not Attesting of dissent from his enlistment, or dissenting shall within twenty- recnuts* four hours return and state that he is unable to pay the sums mentioned in the last section, he shall be attested as follows;

IDO Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny* 34 Tier,

the justice, or some person deputed by him, shall read to the recruit the questions set forth in the form contained in the schedule to this Act annexed, cautioning him that if hefiau-dulently make any false answer thereto he' shall be* liable to be punished as a rogue1 and vagabond, and the answers of the recruit shatt beteeoMed opposite to the said questions, and the justice shall require tlio recruit; to rmakeladdrsiign the jdeehro-tioninthe said form, and sbaiUt then r admiikter to hinridie oath of allegiance in tbauaid fbrtni and have'signed the said declaration and taken the oath, tbfe jfiftice ' shallatoeetoh*same by his signature, and shall <lrlitferftmithe rearuitingt officer the declaration so signed and attested tod Ihefeet fbrsuoh attestation, including the declarationandiofcftli, shall be oak shilling rand no uaort>»; and any recruit-shalljifife so wish, be furnished; with a certified copyroft toe bbov&oiefh tioned rdedaiation by the offiber wiio ajppso)ted>ef )Mni

for the seorVicej !l..i>: r!.*.*ua mnrbtr eona.f

Recruits until 6L No idcrUiVunlese hetoaU hamibete)htoeUedifl^8h^l theyl^eheea have totdred ipkyitoher than jenlisting tmen^rj duffl tah&fafe received My ^8d; by couitonkrtial; bat if^ any person, <preyhotely 4> not triable by his being attested o^eroolledy Shah byinieahB-rftoy false court-martial, answer obtain enlistment tmitober riionegn oar shall maketaiiy £Bdse statoment in h^ de<?kflratio^ afeftrer

able as rogues ainy question difly hntoqritedto bet pub to himifotri theipUipo* and vagabonds. ofjffllingfiip)such tdeaboration; to' shall' refiafe© br^hfegleet to. go before^ justice* for thfe pti^se8^ore^d, ort hdving in tht> cade of a recruit dissented from htoesdistmeaxtttoaili wd ohiitin

return and pay istueh nkoney^afe aforesaid, toanijb of such e&es it jfoall be1 lawful for any two qustioek within t&eiUhited Kingdom; ctrfer anyforie: justice out df toeUnibeld Kingdom, totir^for the county, district ,; city, butgh^ otr ipkoe! wtixere smy suchperSenTsbto'Jitni^ fcimehappeo to be, When install be brought before them or hum, if in England^ fo adjudge irish to be a rtgoe Bj^ THgaboiid, and to sentence him to teputtished accordingly; and if tin Scotland orfreltoid, <m hltowhemm His Majesty's domintonsi to bd imprisoned^ with hard labour > missy prison or hoorie of correction for any period not ^xe^ediitg tbfee calendar months; And any marine whodhdll hhvO given iHiy falBeanerwer ditheitiui b£ or/neh^ivetohisib^ ananie shaJh forfeit ail pay, WAges^5 and dthlar) moneys, be then same naval, madne, or otherwise; Which he might; otherwisedMliPe been 'entitled tutor any period of service mthe/Boyed Marina. Attested re- 62. Any person *who diall have been attested or emdlbd, emits triable ignd *vrfeo shall afterwards be discovered to hive given any eitherb^rT "WilfhllyffiQst answer/to any question directed to be3 put by two justices the proper tothoxities^ or shall hbve/made any , Wilfully fate or before a statement in the declaration hereinbefore mentioned* shalibe liable, at the dtocretion oft the said Lord High Admiral or tkfe

said Commidskmet^ against before1 two§*tetkteB

kithe' manner hereinbefore feeoiSoiled, aaRl bythein/BeiitBnsbd accordingly* or to be tried by a district or gaiiaton oourt-maftkl

101

ISS'I.c Gh.10.

fir ihdsamd^abd .pudid^iasmih imanneras Buoh, court shall ^St^jjaiidittiieodadUatdaori matin bysachpcarsop <sdiu& attestation bn ezksdkosntk purporting tob&madeifa accordance with to[atoedMfleiltd«tbii Asti annexed* i or with the .ragnlstkmai of dte Said/Lord; High -Admiral >«p the said CoanmiesiionerK* rqhall, jfc fhm pbemeeiqf ipnaof .to/tha itHi^oecy, bodaelnied isuifficient eridsuce* lirhetfrerbeforestieh justice t or justices, ori before any nimrfc+marhial,) of.and* personi hareiag:represented IherSBveral qsdtknhsaffls ttstafitoi such- dsdatnl^ i > m u, ->

coL88i.-IC a^a^ntnitt<dbalLabnK>i)dr8ditiia^i^i8 not possible Becraits dinnBdiatalyii^ ia^pfcehepd: auM.hringhimbefora aj justice, for abecondm8-tatfaftation^tltB i recruiting party sbhll (produce to > tb*. justice , be£cra:i»homii^vecnut\oi^Mjregulailjn torbaveibecnt brought torithiiilpuipowt »>certificate:of. the Jisuneand plseedf.rasi--dence/.-arid djencsaptom ofl sncbj; reoruit and of hashaving utdccmdMb uu^dii s^tall\ declare' thbo satna toi the trotyl .abd itte justice to whom such certificate shall be produced shall [fedasmitl a delicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty v ..v afa'atdflrf that the 'B*ie iiiajr. appear inrtoe" Police: Gazett&f '

Mar tha pnrpoaee of; this sectmm and all purposes of attestatkm cahd enlistment a. justice df anyoooontyor borough shall be . deemedno ibea justice of any, other county orborough.

j £2 any mn«n while belonging. to amilitia regiment-shall Aato mflttia-

oenljtofa<iiid the.attested; fi» Her MajestyVRoyal Marines, be ^udl be liable; , toba tried ibefcraacotutrenartialdhaiige forces. 'Juodetertion; britit shall be lawful far the Secretary of) Stale for War* an > the confession thereof by such militiam*n, or on other iproof uttered, to order, that iiLlieu of hfa being so. Med theishill be subjected toa stoppage of one penny a j day «f his , pay far eighteen) calendar -s months* and in case isnab militiaman .shall have ibeiongedto toe .militia reserve, at the tone of; has attestationhe .shall; be. subjected toaifutrther stoppage of .one /pennyajlay for two hundred and i forty .days*; to be, appliadas I the i&cratary.ioR State (tor War .shall dindtv and .farther; to drtennine whether, inch /man. ihalLbe returned to his militia psgiment aftet snthi sum shall have beenu made goody or shall he deemed ito bo a ' marine ip . the same maimer as he toauld haye $etn df he hadi not .been a militiaman ti the timeaf his attestation :a.Provided also, that everyisoldissi who, while belonging to* militiafregiment enlisted in IJer Majesty's Royal Mjariudai, whether -snob enlistment1 took place before. or; after the passing .cfiihd'- MqtitiyuAdv 1860*. shall neefarn:; semoe .towards; thfe, freitformancei*dffahia* limited/eilgflgement/toomitlreydate.ofc his.

IpttiPstmWhp ovHfonded>'adss^ifludi aa^L<i8tud>tndmdK shall not fachon service for pension tmtil tbas dayiottwtuohihisveh^ge-mtot for too militia would have expoxedr; but i£ any suto.

aMBisfa shelly1 subsequently to his enbatment,; hsnre jendered . f; ' . Idfagpftithful/or gallant service, the Lords. Commissionert, of theiAdmiralty may, upon the special irecouunehdaition. of the Sopad^Adpdauti General, Royal Maiine^ order .that. ho may ifafcon-flarvice for pension toom the .dato; of hia: attestation.

13

103

Volunteer permanent staff officers enlisting into regular forces.

Penalty on persons offending as to enlistment.

As to re-en-listment abroad.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to Serve after the expiration of their apprenticeship.

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

65. If any non-commissioned officer of the volunteer permanent staff shall enlist into the Royal Marines, he may be tried and punished as a deserter, but if he confesses his desertion the Secretary of State for War, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a deserter, may cause him to be returned to his service on the volunteer permanent staff, to be there put under stoppages from his pay until he has repaid the amount of any bounty received by him, and the expenses attending his enlistment, and also the value of any arms, &c. issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him, or may cause him to be held to hk service in the Royal Marines with a direction, if it seems fit, that his term of service therein shall not be reckoned for pension until the time when his engagement on the volunteer permanent staff would have expired, and may further cause him to be put under stoppages of one penny a day-of his pay until he has repaid the expense attending his engagement or attestation on the volunteer permanent staff, and also the value of any arms, olothing, or appointments issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

66. Every person subject to this Act who shall wilMy act contrary to any of its provisions in any matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of recruits for Her Majesty's service shall be liable to be tried for such offence by a general or other court-martial, and to be sentenced to such punishment, other than death or penal servitude, as such court may award.

67. It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace or person exercising the office of a magistrate within any of Her Majesty's dominions abroad, or for the officer commanding any ship or vessel of Her Majesty on the books of which any marine may be borne, or on board of which any such marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the commanding officer of any battalion or detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the books of any one of Her Majesty's ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, if such marine be considered by such commanding officer, justice, or magistrate a fit person to continue in Her Majesty's service; and every such commanding officer, justice, or magistrate shall have the same powers in that behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to justices of the peace in the United Kingdom for all such purposes of enlistment and attestation, and any marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested marine.

68. Any person duly bound as an apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and shall falsely state to the magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an .apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money by felse pretences, if in England or in

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 108

Ireland, and of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the expiration of his apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a marine according to the terms of the enlistment, and if on the expiration of his apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some officer authorised to receive recruits, such person may be taken as a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces.

69. No master shall be entitled to claim an apprentice Claims of who shall enlist as a marine in Her Majesty's service unless

such master shall, within one calendar month next after such apprentice shall have left his service, go before some justice, and take the oath mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed, and at the time of making his claim produce to the officer under whose command the recruit shall be the certificate of such justice of his having taken such oath, which certificate such justice is required to give in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the frill term of five years,

(not having been above the age of fourteen years when so bound,) and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full term of five years at the least, (not having been above the age of sixteen when so bound,) and, if in Scotland, for the full term at least of four years, by a regular contract or indenture of apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both parties by the law of Scotland prior to the period of enlistment, and unless such contract or indenture in Scotland shall, within three months after the commencement of the apprenticeship and before the period of enlistment, have been produced to a justice of the peace of the county in Scotland wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such justice a certificate or declaration signed by him specifying the date when and the person by whom such contract or indenture shall have been so produced* which certificate or declaration such justice of the peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such apprentice shall, when claimed by such master, be under twenty-one years of age: Provided always, that any master of an apprentice indentured for the sea service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such apprentice may have been bound for a less term than five or four years as aforesaid:

Provided also, that any such master who shall give up the indentures of apprenticeship within one month after the enlisting of such apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own use, so much of the bounty payable to such recruit as shall not have been paid to such recruit before notice given of his being an apprentice.

70. No apprentice claimed by his master shall be taken

from any division, detachment, recruiting party, or ship of ^ter shall be Her Majesty, except under a warrant of a justice residing taken away

104

without a warrant.

Punishment of

apprentices

enlisting.

Removal of doubts as to attestation of marines.

Power to Admiralty to order pay to be withheld.

Billeting of marines.

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

near and '*within *whose- jurisdiction - Bvteh^nppientioB. shdl then happen to be, and: before whom beshallbe carried and feueb justice shall inquire' into^ the :rtatt«f apon 'bath (which oath he is hereby empowered to Admitn8te^; >and shall require tile production and proof of the1 indenture, npd1 that- notide of the said warrant has been given'to the commanding .'officer, and a copy thereof left with some officer or nott-commiaaiBined officer of the party, and that such pefrsbn Sn enlisted declared that he Was no apprentice; indsuch justice ifrecpiiredby such officer or non-commissioned officer, shall commit the offender to the common gaol of the bounty, dbdrion; or-pbu* for which such justice is acting, and shall keep the indentfeure to be produced when required, and shall bind over auoh peno* as ho may think proper to give evidence against the offended, who shall he tried at the next or at the sessions immedia£Htf succeeding the next general or -quarter sessions of such ootuisby^ division, Or place; unless: the court' shall: for just 'cause .put off the trial p and the production of the indenture, with the certificate of the justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient' evidence of the said indenture; and every such offender in Scotland may be tried by the judge ordinary in the county orstewartry in Such and the like manner as any person may'be tried in Scotland for any offence nbt inferxsnga capital punishment; Provided always, that any justice not required as aforesaid to commit such apprentice may deliver him to lds master. 1 - :n«tn

71. No person1 Who shall for six months, and either before or after the passing of this Act, have received pay and be borne on the strength and pay list of any division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, of Which the last quarterly paylist (if prbdhcsed) shall be evidence, of been'home ns a marine on the booksj of any of 'Her Majesty's ships in commission, shall be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of error or1 illegality in his enlistment or attestation or re* engagement' or on any other ground'Whatsoever; but; oh the Contrary, evdrySueh person shall11 bs deemed to hav» been dtily enlisted, attested, or Te-engaged, fcs the case maybe. '

1 7S. It shall alsd be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said*' Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, to'glvb orders for Withholdteg the pay bf any officer or 'marine for any period during which a neb officer or marine shall be absent without leave, 1 or improperly absent from his duty, or in' case of1 any doubtas >to tiw proper issue of pay to Withheld it from the parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the Said Commissioners shall come 4o a determination upon the!case; ' i; v ' ' -i -mi /it 1 ' 73. And1 whereas there is 1 and 'may be occasion for the marching and Ulsd for the quartering of the Royal" Marine fences' wheh da shore: Be it enacted; thabduring thecon-tiniiance Of this ACt, Upon the Order or Orders in writing in that behalf under the hand of the Lord High Admiral, or

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

the hands of two or more of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or upon the order or orders in writing in that behalf under the hand of any colonel commandant or commanding .officer of any dhrisaon of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all constables andliothoh persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Irebmd^-adftd thoy are hereby required, to billet the officers and marines, whether marching or otherwise, and >11. staff and!'field -officershorses, and all . bat apd baggage horses hekmgiag to the RoyaLMarine forces, when on actual t service, Boiteaceoding for each offices the number for, which forage is c shall, be allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, in victualling boons; and other houses< specified in this Act, takiQg, cyara in jbtiaadi^Kit'to billet less .than two men in any own house; and tisy hbeR be received by the -ooeujaers- of thehoijsea in whdeh thnyaroiao billeted, and bo furnished by fpeb victualler with propernaecomme^tion ini such houses, and with a separate idd.Hbrj each m&rlnei ordf, any victualler, shall not have suffir sibitfehecdmmodation in the house upon - whiah a marine is billeted) then in some good and sufficient quarters to be pronded iby stoh victualler. in the immediate neighbourhood, *nd in Great Britain with > diet and small beer, and in Great Britain Bnd Ireland with stables, oata^hay, and straw for such horsee> i Mr iaforesaid, paying nqd allowing, for the same the jevtirai/natea herein-after provided-; und ofc, uo. time when marines are on their march shall any of them be; billeted shove «0, mile: from- the place mentioned in the route, care btihgnlwayg tatoenthut the billets be made out for the less distant houses in which suitable accommodation can, be found before t majaug- ant , : bidets for the more distant y and in all places where marines shell be billeted in pursuance of this Act, theoffioemami tb^ir,; h^csss-.shpll be -billeted in one had the same botiae, except in' case of - necessity'; and the oonaUbJea -ape. thereby requited to billet all marines on their march in the meaner required by. this A«t upon the occupiers of AU hohses within; one mile of the .place mentioned in the rout^ tod-whether timy b^ in thasameor a different county b lik» ialiAner io pvery respect as if such houses were; all locally situatedriwithin such -place .: -Provided always. that nothing heftfa iqontaispd shall be construed to -extend to Authorise: any constable to billet jnnrines -out of the county to, which i such. constable; belongs when the - constable of the adjoiningroountyi shall be present-aud shall, undertake to, billet the due proportion of men in such adjoinipg county; and no SMt* WUets shall at any time be-ordered than there; are; effective marines and horses present to be billeted; all, which bidets, when, ms-do tout by such constables, shall be delivered into the| hauda. of the commanding officer present, or to the noprocrnTwissiotted officer on the spot; audit any person shad saidnldmself ' aggrieved by having an undue proportion of mafwosdbdleted] in his house, and shall prefep his complaint.

106 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

if against a constable or other person not being a justice, to one or more justices, and if against a justice, then to two or more justices, within whose jurisdiction such marines an billeted, such justices respectively shall have power to order such of the marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other persons as they shall see cause; and whan any horses belonging to the officers of Her Majesty's .Royal Marinfc forces shall be billeted upon the occupiers of houses who shall have no stables, then, upon a written requisition of the officer commanding such marines, the constable is hereby required to billet the horses upon some other person or persons having stables, and who are by this Act liable to havq officers and marines billeted upon them, and any two or more justices of the peace may order a proper allowance to be pud by the persons relieved to the persons receiving such horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite accommodation; and the commanding officer may exchange any man or horse billeted in any place with another man or horse billeted in the same place, for the convenience or benefit of the service, provided the number of men and horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively, and the constables are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any justice, at the request of any officer or non-commissioned officer commanding any marines requiring billets, to extend any route, or to enlarge the district within which billets shall be required, in such manner as shall appear to be most eon* venient to Her Majesty's service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all abuses in billeting marines, it shall be lawful for any justice, within his jurisdiction, by warrant or order under his hand, to require any constable to give him an account in writing of the number of officers and marines who shall be quartered by such constables, together with the names of the persons upon whom such officers and marines are billeted, stating the street or place where such persons dwell, and the signs, if any, belonging to the houses: Provided always, that no officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no justice being an officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing quarters under this Act.

Allowance to

74. The innholder or other person on whom any marine is innkeepers. billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such marine, furnish him for every day on the march, and for a period not exceeding two days, when halted at any intermediate place upon the march, and for the day of the arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal in each day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previously to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vege-

1871 Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10L 107

tables, and two pints of small "beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper, and for such meal the innholder or other person finishing the same shall be paid the sum of tenpence, and twopence halfpenny for a bed; and all innholders and other persons on whom marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the march in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot meal as aforesaid, shall famish such marines with a bed and with candles, vinegar, and salt, and shall allow them the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the sum of fourpence per diem for each marine; and the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person on whom any of the horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland1, for ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw, shall be one shilling and mnepence per diem for each horse; and every officer or noncommissioned officer commanding a division, detachment, or party shall every four days, or before they shall quit their quarters if they shall not remain so long as four days, settle and discharge the just demands of all victuallers or other persons upon whom such officers, marines, or homes are billeted, out of the pay and subsistence of such officers and marines, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such officer or non-commissioned officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon complaint and oath made thereof by any two witnesses before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place where such quarters were situate, sitting in quarter or petty sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon certificate of the justices before whom such oath shall be made of the sum due to complainant, to order payment of the amount which shall be charged against such officer; and in case of any marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the commanding officer or non-commissioned officer not being enabled to make payment of the sums due on account of billets, every such officer or non-commissioned officer shall before his departure make up the account with every person upon whom any such marines may have been billeted, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the account of such officer ornon-commissioned officer.

75. For the regular provision of carriages for the Royal Supply of Marine forces and their baggage on their marches in Great carnage8' Britain and Ireland, all justices of the peace within their several jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by order of the said Lord High Admiral, or two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any colonel commandant or command-

108 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

ing officer of a division of Royal Marines, shall, on the production of such order, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to them or any one or more of them, by the officer or non-commissioned officer of the party of marines so ordered to march, issue a warrant to any constable having authority to act in any place from, through, near, or to which such marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which warrants a fee of one shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the carriages, horses, oxen, and drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient time to do the same,) specifying the places from and to which the said carriages shall travel, and the distance between the places, for which distance only so specified payment shall be demanded, and which distance shall not, except in cases of pressing emergency, exceed the day's march prescribed in the order of route, and shall in no case exceed twenty-five miles; and the constables receiving such warrant shall order such persons as they shall think proper, having carriages, to furnish the requisite supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient carriages cannot be procured within the proper jurisdiction, any justice of the next adjoining jurisdiction shall, by a like course of proceeding, supply the deficiency; and in order that the burden of providing carriages may fall equally, and to prevent inconvenience arising from there being no justice residing near the place where marines may be quartered on the march, the justice or justices residing nearest to such place shall cause a list to be made out, at least once in every year of all persons liable to furnish such carriages, and of the number and description of their said carriages, which list shall at all seasonable hours be open to the inspection of the said persons, and shall by warrant under his hand authorise the constables within his jurisdiction to give order's to provide carriages without any special warrant from him for that purpose, which orders shall be valid in all respects; and all orders for such carnages shall be made from such lists in regular rotation, so far as the same can be done.

Rates for 76. In every case in which the whole distance for which

carriages. any carriage shall be impressed shall be under one mile the rate of a full mile shall be paid; and the rates to be paid for carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every mile which a waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen or four oxen and two horses, shall travel, one shilling; and for every mile any waggon with narrow wheels, or any cart with four horses carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, ninepence; and for every mile every other cart or carnage with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, sixpence; and in Ireland for every hundredweight loaded on any wheel carriage one halfpenny per mile; and in Great Britain such further rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional

1871 Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

sum per mile of fourpence, threepence, or twopence to the respective rates of one shilling, ninepence, and sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the justices assembled at general sessions for their respective districts, or to the recorder at the sessions of the peace of any municipal city, borough, or town; and the order of such justices or recorder shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such additional rates, and the period for which the order shall be enforced, not exceeding ten days, beyond the next general sessions; and no such order shall be valid unless a copy thereof, signed by the presiding magistrate and one other justice, or by the recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within three day8 after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the day's march shall exceed fifteen miles, the justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation not exceeding the usual rate of hire fixed by this Act; and when additional rates or compensation shall be granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the warrant the amount thereof, and the date of the order of sessions, if fixed by sessions, and the warrant shall be given to the officer commanding as his voucher, and the officer or non-commissioned officer demanding carriages by virtue of the warrant of a justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper sums into the hands of the constable providing carriages, who shall give receipts for the same on unstamped paper; and, in Ireland, the officers or non-commissioned officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper sums to the owners or drivers of the carriages, and one third part of such payment shall be made before the carriage he loaded, and all the said payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in presence of a justice or constable; and no carriage shall be liable to carry more than thirty hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no car shall be liable to carry more than six hundredweight, and no dray more than twelve hundredweight; but the owner of such carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater weight shall be paid at the same rate for every hundredweight of the said excess, and the owners of such carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less weight, under the sum of threepence a mile for each car and sixpence a mile for each dray; and the loading of such carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carnage, if the same can be done in a reasonable time without hindrance of Her Majesty's service: Provided also, that a cart with one or more horses, for which the furnisher shall receive ninepence a mile, shall be required to carr}^ fifteen hundredweight at the least; aDd that no penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to highways or turnpike roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the number of horses or oxen or weight of loading of the aforesaid carriages, nor shall any such carriages on.

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

that account be stopped or detained; and' whenever it shall be necessary to impress carriages for the march of marines from Dublin at least twenty-four hours notice of such march, and in case of emergency as long notice as the case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional number of cars and drays at his discretion out of the licensed cars and drays and other cars and drays within the county of the said city, and they shall by turns be employed on this duty at the prices and under the regulations herein-before mentioned; and no country cars, drays, or other carriages coming to markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the will of the owners in carrying the baggage of marines on any pretence whatever.

77. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by their or his orders distinctly stating that a case of emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the chief secretary or under secretary, or the first clerk in the military department, to authorise any commanding officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces in any district or place, or to the chief acting agents for the supply of stores and provisions, by writing under his hand, reciting such order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all justices within their several jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their warrants for the provision, not only of waggons, wains, carts, and cars kept by or belonging to any person and for any use whatsoever, but also of saddle homes, coaches, postchaises, chaises, and other four-wheeled carriages kept for hire, and of all horses kept to draw carriages licensed to carry passengers, and also of boats, barges, and other vessels used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river as shall be mentioned in the said warrants, therein specifying the place and distance to which such carriages or vessels shall go; and on the production of such requisition, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to such justice, by any officer of the corps ordered to be conveyed, such justice shall take all the same proceedings in regard to such additional supply so required on such emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary provision of carriages; and all provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary supply of carriages, and the duties of officers and non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, and owners of carriages in that behalf, shall be to all intents and purposes applicable for the providing and payment according to the rates of posting or of hire usually paid for such other description of carriages or vessels so required on emergency, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or tum-

1871 Marine Mutiny. Ch.10. 111

pike, canal, river, or lock, tolls, which duty or tolls are hereby declared npt to be demandable for such carriages and vessels while employed in such service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the baggage, provisions^ and military stores of such detachment, but also the officers, marines, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same.

78. It shall be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled Justices of at their quarter sessions to direct the treasurer to pay, without

fee, out of the public stock of the county or riding, or if such sums expended

public stock be insufficient then out of moneys which the for carriages,

said justices shall have power to raise for that purpose, in &c *

+like manner as for county gaols and bridges, such reasonable sums as shall have been expended by the constables within their respective jurisdictions for carriages and vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring the same, regard being had to the season of the year and the condition of the ways by which such carriages

and vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such justices shall direct such payments to be made out of the rogues money

+and assessments directed and authorised to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the session holden during the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two.

79. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or Lieu-other. Chief Governor for the time being of Ireland to depute, ^depute^ by warrant under his hand and seal, some proper person to persons to sign sign routes iu cases of emergency for the marching of any routes.

of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces in Ireland in the name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

80. All officers and marines on duty or on their march. Exemption being in proper uniform, dress or undress, and their horses fr0111*011*-and baggage, and all recruits marching by route, and all prisoners under military escort, and all carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under

the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when employed in conveying any such persons as aforesaid or their baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the payment of any duties and tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay, or landing place, or in passing along or over any turn-, pike or other roads or bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any prescription, grant, or custom, or by virtue of any Act or ordinance, order or direction, of any colonial legislature or other authority in any of Her Majesty's colonies; and if any toll collector shall demand or receive toll from any marine officer or marine on duty or on their march who shall be in proper uniform, dress or undress, or for their horses, and who by this Act is exempted from payment thereof, or from any recruits marching by route, or from any prisoners under

112 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

military escort, or for any carriages or horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, when conveying persons or baggage, ot returning therefrom, every such collector shall for every rsuoh; offence be liable to a penalty'not exceeding fivej.pounds; provided that nothing henein. (contained shall exampt any boats, bargee, or other vessels employed in oonveyiogthe said peroofcs, horseB, baggage, or stores. along any canal. from payment) of tolls in like matmeras other, boats, badges, and vessels j*re liable thereto,) except when employed in casesiof emergBncy as herein mentioned t and that when any officers or marines - on service shall have occasion, in the inarch by route to pats regular ferries In , SeohUmd, itho officer commanding; shall teiat liberty to pass, over -.with his marines an passeugem, paying jar himself and each; matins one half only of the efribmrywtfo payaWc by passengemr or-he shall he nt.ffibertyto hire-toe ferry boat for himeelfaud, his party) debarring all others -for . thattame) aadshall ip, such; , case payioplyhalf; the ordioaty rote for such' boat./:

Marching 8L Every-marine, upon being disohergedfroro^the service

moDey Qn di»- entitled to an, allowance (not exceeding) *n. mj< ease the amount of twenty-one; days marching money); to enable him to reach his home, or the plaqe at which, he I shall at the time of his discharge decide tp take- up hmi^ideaeejsuoh place not being iat a-greater distance fremtha pineal of his discharge than the place of his. origmrieidiatment, whiqh ' allowance shall be calculated'.according, to the.distooto.ljhas to travel *; .Provided always, that ho person who shall purchase his own discharge, or; be discharged on, account; of misbehaviour, 1 or at his own desire, before the expiration of; his period of service, shall be twtitied tyapy Such aliowftno^ v;

Penalties upon 82. If any constable or other-person who by, virtue ef offend^6018 Ant shall, b© employed In billeting any officers or, marines Zgtiluuhe 1° any part of the Untied K^dom shall presume to, billet laws relating any Such ..officer Or marine in* spy house not within the meaning of this Act without the consent of the owuefc or occupier thereof; or shall, neglect or refuse to billet (any offiew . or marine on duty when thereunto required in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient notice, .be-givwi before the arrival of such marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any money* or reward whatsoever in orde* to excuse any person from receiving any such officer ot marine; or shall quarter any of the wives, children, men, ope maid servants of any offioer or marine in any such houses, against the consent of the occupiers; or shall neglect or rofuse ito execute such: warrants of the justices as shall he directed^ him for providing carnages, horses, or vessels, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same; or if any , perstti ordered by any constable in manner herein-before direefod to provide carriages, homes, or vessels shall refuse or negltotfto provide the some according to the orders of such constable, jor

11?

t»8fKS CalO.

' rfjftflJdeliwd1 moretbafi thelegal pte& the same, or shall -do-Wiy<aotiOP thing by wtiohtheexectrtton of any valiants ^bi«pWViding'carriages, horses, <>i'-; vfeSBels shall be hindered; su^b1 any pemotv liable by thisAet to have any officer >br Iskrfnet quartered ok him shall refiite'-te receive airy such .aoffieer o^wirine, Of to nffood him proper accommodation Or diet% khe houses of:. soch person in which be is quartered, 'Or'fo fiintfish the several things directed to be furaished to yrifio6rrandf marines, Or shall imglect Or reftise'to furnish good TJMftHUflh Fniill litiihli i, together with good and sufficient oats, »taif, ahd" straw in. Great Britain and Ireland, for each horse, s«elr> quantities and at such rates as herein-before pro-Jfidt^M'ai^ iJinkeeper Or victualler not having good and ithffiwttfi otebles shall refuse to pay over to the person or twySiPttilo may proiyide 'stabling stieb allowance by way of ywiitistttidtt as ehafi be directed ' by any justice' of the pcaoe, !«ii Mall pa[y any Summoney to any marine on the march in

iJimihsP famishing in kind the diet and small beer to' whidh guch marine is entitled; such constable, victualler, and other rfeSpOcttively. shall forfeit for every offence, neglect, or 'Wfottlany sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty aitelingg; and if anyperaon shall personate or represent ^Hiiasetf tO be a marine or marine recruit with the view of

fraudulently obtaining a billet or money in Ben thereof, he Affifar-every such offence forfeit any- sum not exceeding fiye pounds'nor les-i than twenty shillings.

88. If *any officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to Penalty upon *qoSrtfti men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall

. 7 . - marines so

us9'Cr oner any menace or dompulsion to or np<Hi any justice, offending. o&nBtaMe, or other Civil officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from [performing any part of their duty under IthisAet, or to do anything contrary thereto, such officer shall -I#1 every such offence, being thereof convicted before any o* more justices of the county by the oath of two credible witBeabes; be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, mnd shall be ntterly disabled to hold any military employment in Her Majesty's service; provided a certificate of, Such 'conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said justices to !4hijfSe0retary of the Admiralty^ and that the conviction be laftrthed atsome quarter sessions of the peace for the said County to be held next after the expiration of three-months after such' certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any marine officer shall take or knowingly suffer to 'be taken from any person any money or reward for excusing 'thrqtuwtering of officers or marines, or shall billet any of the "trJwa children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine it*p(«ny Ihoiase against the consent of the occupier, ha shall 'for any of the said offences, upon being convicted thereof ' before a genMtbl; court-martial, be cashiered; and if any officer 1 Shall .constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the distance 'specified in the justice's warrant, or shall not discharge the

m

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

Penalty for forcible entry in pursuit of deserters without warrant.

Penalty for purchasing clothes, &c. from any marine.

same in due time for their return home on the same day if it be practicable, except in the case of emergency for which the justice shall have given licence, or shall compel the driver of any carriage to take up any marine or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride therein, except in cases of emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any constable, by threatening words, to provide saddle horses for himself or servants, or shall force horses, from their owners, or in Ireland shall force the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable time, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner or his servant, permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings.

. 84. Every marine officer or marine who shall, without warrant from one or more of Her Majesty's justices, forcibly enter into or break open the dwelling-house or outhouse of any person whomsoever in pursuit of any deserters, shall, Upon due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

85. Any person who shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any marine or marine deserter, or any other person acting for or on his behalf, upon any account or pretence whatsoever or who shall solicit or entice any marine or marine deserter, or shall be employed by any marine or marine deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any aims, ammunition, medals for good conduct, or distinguishment, or other service, marine clothes, or military furniture, or any other articles which, according to the custom of the marine corps, are generally deemed regimental or divisional necessaries, or any provisions, sheets, or other articles used in barracks or provided under barrack regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the marine or marine deserter or other person bo or be not borne on the books of any one of Her Majesty's ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her possession or keeping any arms, ammunition, medals, marine clothes, or military furniture, or any other articles which, according to the custom of the marine corps, are generally deemed regimental or divisional necessaries, or any provisions, spirits, Sheets, or other articles used in barracks or provided under barrack regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the colour or mark of any such clothes, appointments, necessaries, sheets, or other articles to be changed or defaced, or who shall pawn, sell, or deposit in any place or with any person such articles of regimental necessaries, with or without the consent of such marine, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of all or any of the several articles; and if any person having been at any time previously convicted of either

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 115

of the above offences under this or any previous Act for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore shall afterwards be guilty of any such offence, he or she shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds but not less than five pounds, and the treble value of all oar any of the several articles, and shall, in addition to such forfeiture, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justice or justices shall think fit; and upon any information against any person for a second or any subsequent offence, a copy of the former conviction, certified by the proper officer having the care or custody of such conviction, or any copy of the same proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove such former conviction; and if any credible person shall prove, on oath before a justice of the peace or person exercising like authority according to the laws of that part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed, a reason* able cause to suspect that any person has in his or her possession or on his or her premises any property of the description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such offence shall have been committed, such justice may and he is hereby required to grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods 5 and if upon such search any such property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such warrant, who shall bring the offender in whose possession the same shall be found before the same or any other justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law.

86» Every person (except such recruiting parties as may Penalty on be stationed under military command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed bills for the purpose of pro- recrmting* curing recruits or substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any house or place of rendezvous or office, or receive any person therein under such bill or advertisement as connected with the marine recruiting service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without permission in writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

87. For the better preservation of the game and fish in or Penalty on near places where any officer shall at any time be quartered,

every officer who shall, without leave in writing from the W1 ou person or persons entitled to grant such leave, take, kill, or destroy any game or fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

88. If any action shall be brought against any member or Limitations of members of a court-martial to be assembled under the autho- actions *

rity of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, in

116 Ch .; 19. Mani 34J9ScJ.

respect of the proceedings ortheseotenee therBbf oc agaasst any other pereon, foranythirigdonfi m .pttnbuce or under the authority of: this Act* Drofany Act hPretoforapasaedicr the rt^atioft iif Her iJigeaty^ilkF^ MaarijiQ.fcrae while ic eh ore, the sameiohaUbe il^oiightidii pome otmbfijthfiQourte nf Record at 'Wtertteiahtar or, Dublin- ,; oria the; Court b£ Session in Scotland, ondshall bei aocmeoCed within six montha.ai«dt after the cause of action shall aneej and it ahallibe lawful tar the defendant or defeodsada therein, or in any suchacttonnow pending, to plead iU^eio. they gentl: i8«ae, i and; h>i giro afi special matter in evidence on-; the trial 5 and if the verdict shall be for the defendant in aby jftch/aetinh, or of the plaintiffahall become tt0naiiti0Pv9U^fa^is<»ntiiiroaiw»LWi«ceQ^)oi0ifi in Scotland, the court: shall see. fit to aseoilcie the defendant or dismiss the complMot, ttoftooutt rnt which; the: matter; shall he tried shall allow; thedefendamt hrebleLCOei#, feethe reaeVeiyaf which he; shall have the like, remedy aa inptl^r oases whtre costs by the laws crf tHs reidm are givBn to; defendants.

Recovery of 88. .AJU ofieitees for which any pecuniary penalty or farfettpre penalties. not exceeding twenty pounds, over and abov^any forfeiture of value or treble value, is by: this Act. imposed, shall andm be heard and determined, by any justice of the peace in orneer to the place where the offence shall be committed, or whare the offender may at .apy time happen tOi be; and., *ll anch penalties, and forfeitures, and forfeiture of value and .treble value, and also the reasonable costa attending the proeeeutico, to be duly: ascertained and awarded by such justice, diaU and may be enforced and recovered in the same manner aa any pecuniary penalties may be recovered sunder the provisioue of an Act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of Her Majesty, 11 & 12 Vict. intituled "An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties °-43," of justices of the pedee Out of sessions within. England and

" Wales with respect to summary conations and order*]; ? Provided always, that iu.fdJ eaoes in whishi there shall not be sufficient goods r whereon. any penalty 1 or: .forfeiture or; treble .yahie con.beilevied, the offender may baicommitfced iond.imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for anyi time not eocceeding six calendar monthsij .whicbJaaid recitedi Act shall be used and applied iu Scotland and in. Ireland, fer the; recovery of OH such penalties and, forfeitures or treble value as; fuily to rah intents as if the said recited Act had textended to Scotland' and Ireland, anything, in the said mdtedi Act, or in an Act passed in the fourteenth apd .fifteenth years' of; the neign df .fler 14 & 15 Vict. Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled'*An Act to oousolidateiand c' 98," amend the, Acte regulating thei proceedings at 1 petty'sesSens,

" and the; duties of justices of the peaceo«t; of.quarteE sessions,

" in Ireland," to the contrary notwithstanding .; and (alluawh offences. committed in the British. Isles,; ccr in(any of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United .Kingdom*may he determined, and the penalties and forfeitures of value Ori treble value recovered, before any justices of the peace or persons

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10. 117

exercising like authority, according to the laws of Her Majesty's tkmunionsua which the offence shall be committed or the offender way at ony tinie ihappeh to be, and for default of payment the offender shall be panikhed as if the offence bad been committed in the United Kingdom; and all penalties and forfeitures by thkrAcfc imposed exoeedkigiiweiity pounds' shall t>e- recovered ty action in some of the Ctonriw of Record' at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, in any of the royal or superior courts Of such isles or other parts of Her Majesty's dominions.

90. One moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture, not Appropriation including any treble value of any articles, shall go to the person 0 penaltie8' who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other moiety,

together with the treble value of such articles, or, Where the offence shall be proved by the person who shall Snfetm; then the whole of the penalty and such treble value, shall be paid over and applied in such manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King Williadl the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the regulation of municipal 5 & 6 W. 4.

corporations in England and Wales," or in any Other Act or 76 '

Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding j and evety justice who shall adjudge any penalty under this Act shall within four days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

91. It shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace, Licences of within their respective jurisdictions, to grant dr transfer act, canteCns* licence for selling by retail any spirit, beer, wine, cider, or perry

to any person or persons applying for the same Who* shall hold any canteen under any lease thereof, or by agreement with Any department or other authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, without regard' to the time of year, or any notices or certificates required by any Act in respect of such licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper officers within their respective districts bhalH also grant or transfer any such licence as aforesaid; and such persons holding such canteens, and having such licences as aforesaid, may sell therein victuals, and all such exciseafale liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any penalty or forfeiture whatever.

92. Any justice in the United Kingdom, within Whose Mode of jurisdiction any marine shall be quartered oil shore, may summon such marine before him, which summons such marine ment.

is hereby required to obey, and take his examination in writing upon oath touching the place of his last legal settlement; And such justice shall give an attested copy of such examination

118 Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny, 34 Vict.

to the person so examined, to be by him delivered to his commanding officer to be produced when required$ which said examination and such attested copy thereof shall be at any time admitted as good and legal evidence as to such legal settlement before any justice or at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, although such marine be dead or absent from the kingdom: Provided always, that in case any marine shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such examination or such attested copy being produced, such marine shall not be obliged to make any other or farther oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave with such justice a copy of such examination or a copy of such attested copy of examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such examination shall have been required, the statement made on oath by the recruit on. his attestation of his place of birth shall be taken to be his last place of settlement until legally disproved.

Administration 93* All oaths and declarations which are authorised or of oaths. required by this Act may be administered (unless where other T wise provided) by any justice of the peace or other person Peijmy. having authority to administer oaths and declarations; and any person giving false evidence, or taking a false oath or declaration where an oath or declaration is authorised or required to be taken by this Act* and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall be liable to such pains and penalties as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every commissioned officer convicted before a general court-martial of perjury shall be cashiered, and every marine or other person amenable to the provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a general or other court-martial shall be punished at the discretion of such court.

Definition of 94. All clauses and provisions in this Act contained relating termB* to England shall be construed tp extend to Wales and to the

town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as an officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer or marine; and all clauses and provisions relating to marines shall be construed to include non-commissioned officers and drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all clauses and provisions relating to justices shall be construed to extend to all magistrates authorised to act as such in their respective jurisdictions; and all the powers given to and regulations made for the conduct of constables, and all penalties and forfeitures for any neglect thereof, shall extend to all tithingmen, headboroughs, and such like officers, and to all inspectors or other officers of police, and to high constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and places in England and Ireland, and to all justices of the peace, magistrates of burghs, com-

1871. Marine Mutiny. CH. 10. 119

missioners erf police, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, parishes, and places in Scotland, who shall act in the execution of this Act; and all powers and provisions for billeting marines in victualling houses shall extend and apply to aU inns, hotels, livery stables, alehouses, and to the houses of sellers of wine by retail, whether British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, to all houses of persons licensed to sell beer, ale, porter, cider, or perry by retail, to be consumed or drunk in their dwelling-houses or premises, and to all houses of persons selling brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheglin by retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then marines may be billeted in such manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no officer or marine shall be Marines not to billeted in Great Britain in any private houses, or in any canteen held or occupied under the authority of the Admiralty, jfcj °

War, or Marine Department, or upon persons who keep taverns only, being vintners of the city of London admitted to their freedom of that company in right of patrimony or' apprenticeship, notwithstanding such persons who keep such taverns only have taken out victualling licences; nor in the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and strong waters; nor in the house of any shopkeeper whdse principal dealings shall be more in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such houses; nor in the house or residence in any part of the United Kingdom of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

95. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Duration of twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and Act* seventy-one until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the islands thereto belonging, from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two inclusive; and within the garrison of Gibraltar, and within the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two inclusive; and in all other parts of Europe where Royal Marine forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two inclusive; and in all other places from the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the receipt and promulgation thereof in general

Ch. 10. Marine Mutiny. 34 Vict.

orders in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or eke where beyond the seas, become and be in full force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Cohorts-MARTIAL.

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the evidence 1 in the matter now before you. So help you GOD.

YOU shall duly administer justice, according to the rules and articles for the better government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and according to an Act now m force for the regulation of the said forces while on shore, without partiality, favour, or affection, and if any doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said articles or Act, according to your conscience, the beat of your undwstaudfag, and the custom of war in the like cases: And you shall not divulge the sentence of the court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any account, at aay time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court ef justice or a court-martial fa a due course of law.

So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of Jtjbcfe Advocate.

Ido swear, That I will not, upon any account whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of mj particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court of justice or a court-martial fa a due course of law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due discharge of my official duties, disclose the sentence of the court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date 18 .

AM.

TAKE notice, that you enlisted with At

o'clock* on the dayV>f

for the Royal Marines, and if you do mot come forward to [here name some place\ or or before o'clock *

on the day of for the purpose of

being taken before a justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your engagement by repaying the enlisting shilling and any pay you may have received as a recruit, and by paying twenty shillings as smart money, you will be liable to be punished as a rogue and vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same punishment if you make any wilfully false representations at the time of attestation.

Signature of the non-commissioned V officer serving the notice.

At a.m. or p.m., as the case may be.

121

1871. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

to be made by/ilBCBTJiT on -Attestation.

" now residing in the parist of

in the county of - J «, do solemnly and sincerely

declare, that to the best of my knowledge and belief I was bora in the parish of (a) n -r in o^near theitewa-of^)

in the county of (c) ' A ', and ain years of age;

that { tun of faffajar eaUifig of {r r r of no trade or

calling, as the case may be]; that I an* not an apprentice; that I am married (that I am not a widower; that I am a widower, and that I have (or have not) children) [or not married, as the case may bf]; that I do not belong to the militia/ Or-to the naval (boast volunteers, or royal naval volunteers, or to any portion of Her Majesty's land or sea forces; that I have never servid Her Majesty Hy land or sea in any «dhta ^, marine, or naval: employment whatsoever, excq>t;

that I have never boeamarked with the letter D; that I have never bee*rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's service on. any previous t&hstafiefit; that I ^to enlisted7^ f/ oiHiht daf tf *8; , at o'clock m. by

et" -, and that I have read [or had read to me] the notice

tffM grvin to me and understood dty naeaadng; that I enlisted for a bettity of and a free kitfas the, ease may be], and have no obj'eotion to make to the manner of my enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve im the JKoyai Marines for the term of [the after the words "term of" to be filled up with twelve years, if the person enlisted is of the age of eighteen years or upwards; but if under that age^thcnthe deference between his gse and eighteen is to be added to sych twelve years], provided Her Majesty should so Idhgfequire my Services, and also for such further term, not exceeding two years, as shall be directed by the eomiriaiiding officer on any foreign station.

v, ,; r Signature of recruit.

1' ' '__________Signature of witness.

Note (a), (6), (c). — These blanks need not be filled up if the recruit is unable to _ J; give; the requite information.

-Oath to be taken by &; Recruit on Attestation.

LDO make oath. That I will he faithful and bear true allegiaiio&to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors; and that I will, as in dtty bound, :bonartly and faithfully defoud Her Majesty, her heirs and soeee&ors, in person, ^crowH, and dignity, against ail enemies, and will ohacrro and obey all orders of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and of the general* and officers set* over me, So help me GOD.

Witness my hand, Signature of the recruit.

__________ Witness present.

Declared and sworn before me at this day of - one thousand eight hundred and at o'clock.

__________Signature of the justice.

Ch. 10.

Marine Mutiny.

34 TI0&

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

Ido declare, That I am at present [or wag, as the case may he, "] in the division of the Royal Marine

forces; that I enlisted on the day of ftfr

a term of years; that I am of the age of years;

and that I will serve Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, as a marine, for a farther term of years [to he filled up with such number of years as shall be required to complete a total service of twenty-one years], provided my services should so long be required, and also for such further term, not exceeding two years, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign station.

_ Signature of marine.

__________Signature of witness.

Declared before me this day 1

of 18 . J

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make oath, that I am by

i trade a, and that was bound to

serve as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of for the term of years;

and that the said did on or about the.

day of last abscond and quit my service without my

consent, and that to the best of my knowledge and belief the said is aged about years. Witness my

hand at the day of one thousand eight hundred and »

Sworn before me at this!

day of one thousand >

eight hundred and . J

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice. 1

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. j J- peace of certify, that

of came before me at the

day of one thousand eight hundred and, and

made oath that he was by trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an apprentice to him in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the term of

years; and that the said apprentice did on or about the day of abscond and quit the service of the said without his consent, and that to the best Of

his knowledge and belief the said apprentice is aged about years.

1871. Mowrine Mutiny. Ch. 10.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

surrendered himself, as the case may be] on the day of and was committed to confinement at on the

day of as deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age -

Height- - -< f Feet Inches. 1

Complexion -

Hair -

Eyes -

Marks -

Probable date of enlistment, and where

Probable date of desertion, and from what place -

fttame and 'occupation and address of the person by whom or through whose means the deserter was [apprehended and secured; -

Particulars of the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered J or was apprehended, and in what I manner, and upon what grounds 1

It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter, that this part of the return should be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the magistrate in his own handwriting, or, under his direction, by, his clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to file circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my presence that hef a deserter from the above-mentioned corps.

— Signature and address of

magistrate.

* Signature of prisoner.

— Signature of informant.

t Insert " is" or w is not, as the case may be.

L

I certify, that I have inspected the

prisoner, and consider him £ for military service.

* Signature of military

medical officer, or of private medical practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or " unfit," as the case may be; and, if unfit, state the cause of unfit-ness.

2

Ch. 11.

Poor Law (Looms).

34 Vict.

Boards of guardians and management who have borrowed money before

31 & 32 Vict. c. 122. empowered to extend time for repayment of loans.

[Proviso.]

Boards of guardians and managers em-

CHAP. 11.

An Act to mate further provision in reference to Loans obtained under the Poor Law Acts.

[mh April 5L8?y

WHEREAS under thte Poor Law Amendment Act, 1884," and the subsequent Acts amending and extending the same, boards of guardians and boards of management rospec* tively have been and are empowered to borrow money for the purposes of the unions, parishes, and districts for which they act, to be repaid by annual instalments within ascertain peribd, which by the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868, and the Union Loans Act, 1869, has been settled at thirty years: f

And whereas several boards of guardians and bonds of management had contracted loans prior to the passing of. She said Act of one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, artd it is desirable that they should be empowered to avail them* selves of the provisions therein contained in this respect, and that all boards of guardians and boards #f management fehdbld have the additional power in relation to loans heretofore or hereafter to be contracted, herein set forth:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's mpsi Egged tent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal^ioiid XJcAiidcfe, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows z - 1-. Where any board of guardians or board of management shall, under the order of the Poor Law Board, have contracted any loan before the passing of the Union Loans -Act* l$69rto be repaid by annual instalments not exceeding twenty, and the same shall not have been wholly repaid at the passing of this Act, such hoard of guardians of board of management, as the case maybe, may, with the consent of the person or persons legally entitled to receive the repayment of such loan, and with the approval of the Poor Law Board, extend the time for the repayment of the outstanding balance of the said loan for such a period as would have elapsed if the loan had been originally granted for a period not exceeding thirty years, and make .qnch extension either by an indorsement on the security executed by them or by a separate deed; and the charge originally created as thus extended shall continue to be a valid charge on the fund charged with the repayment at the time of the passing of this Act, and all exemptions and privileges to which the original charge was entitled shall apply to this extension Provided that where several loans shall have been - obtained from the same person or persons, and they are redeemed at the same time, the balanoes may be consolidated; and if a new loan be Obtained the whole may be repaid within thirty years of the time at which the latest loan was contracted.

2. If any guardians or managers having borrowed or hereafter borrowing money under the authority of the Aotsrefened

18JL Poor Lem (Zoans)^ Ch. 11, 12. 125

to shall be able at any time to obtain a loan at a lower rate of powered to interest than that secured*by tha charge previously made by

they m^y apply to the Poor Law Board for an order tq of intere^ enable them to redeem the balance of the loan, and to borrow redeem secu-

S pouch money as may be necessary for that purpose; and if ^.at a

of said feoard shall issue their order in that behalf the said hlg er ra guardians or managers may borrow the requisite amount £9 redeem such balance, and charge the fund to which the original loan was chained with the repayment of this additional loan in so many instalments as shall be outstanding at the time when the loan is redeemed, but not more:

: Provided that in the event of any loan outstanding at the Proviso, time Of the passing of this Act, no such, redemption shall take place without the consent of the person or persons to whom the loan shall be owing,

<8. Loans j may be repaid by half-yearly instalments, and Half-yearly where* they may have been contracted to be repaid by annual instalments, they may, with the consent of the lenders, be repaid annual instal-by half-yearly instalments of the principal and interest. ments.

[Short title.]

4, This Act maybe cited as the Poor Law Loans Act, 1871.

5. The words herein contained shall be construed as in the Construction said Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834, and the Acts amending of tenns-and extending the same.

CHAP. 12.

An Act to farther amend the Law relating to Pairs in ^England and Wades.

[25th }Hay 1871.]

WHEREAS certain of the fairs held in England and Wales are unnecessary, are the cause of grievous immorality, and are very injurious to the inhabitants of the towns in which such fairs are held, and i% is therefore expedient to make provision to facilitate the abolition of such fairs:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Thfe Act may be cited as "The Fairs Act, 1871."

2. In this Act the term u owner" means any person or persons, or body of commissioners, or body corporate, entitled to bold any fair, whether in respect of the ownership of any lands or tenements, or under any charter, letters patent, or Adi of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever.

3. In case it shall appear to the Secretary, of State for the Home Department; upon representation duly made to him by the magistrates of any petty sessional district within which any fair is held, or by the owner of any Jair in England or Wales, that it would be for the convenience and advantage of the public that may such fair shall be abolished, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State for the Home Department, with the previous consent in writing of the owner for

Title.

' Definition of u owner."

Secretary of State may, on representation of magistrates, with consent of owner, order fair to be abolished.

126

Notice of representation to be published in newspapers.

Order of Secretary of State to be published in newspaper.

[Short title.]

Not to extend to Scotland or Ireland. Interpretation of terms: Public park:

Elementary

schoolt

School-house:

Public

museum.

Ch. 12, 13. Fairs. 34 Vict.

the time being of such fair, or of the tolls or dues payable in respect thereof, to order that such fair shall be abolished accordingly: Provided always, that notice of such representation, and of the time when it shall please the Secretary of State for the Home Department to take the same into consideration, shall be published once in the London Gazette, and in three successive weeks in some one and the same newspaper published in the county, city, or borough in which such fair is held, or if there be no newspaper published therein, then in the newspaper of some county adjoining or near thereto, before such representation is so considered.

4. When and so soon as any such order as aforesaid shall have been made by the Secretary of State for the Home Department, notice of the making of the same shall be published in the London Gazette, and in some one newspaper of the county, city, or borough in which such fair is usually held, or if there be no newspaper published therein, then in the newspaper of some county adjoining or near thereto, and thereupon such fair shall be abolished.

CHAR 13.

An Act to facilitate Gifts of Land for Public Parks, Schools, and Museums.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate gifts of land for the purpose of forming public parks, schools, and museums: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1. This Act may be cited as the " Public Parks, Schools, and Museums Act, 1871."

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

3. In the construction of this Act, the words " public park" shall include any park, garden, or other land dedicated or to be dedicated to the recreation of the public; the words " elementary school" shall mean a school or department of a school at which elementary education is the principal part of the education there given, and shall not include any school or department of a school at which the ordinary payments in respect of the instruction from each scholar exceed ninepence a week; the word " school-house " shall include the teachers dwelling-house, and the playground (if any), and the offices and all premises belonging to or required for a school; and the words u public museum " shall include any buildings used or to be used for the preservation of any collection of paintings or other works of art, or of any objects of natural history, or of any mechanical or philosophical inventions, instruments, models, or designs, and dedicated or to be dedicated to the recreation of the public, together with all libraries, reading-

127

1871. Public Parks, <fcc. (Land). Ch. 13, 14.

rooms, laboratories, and other offices and premises used or to be used in connexion therewith,

4. From and after the passing of this Act all gifts and assurances of land of any tenure, and whether made by deed or by will or codicil, for the purposes only of a public park, a school-house for an elementary school, or a public museum, and all bequests of personal estate to be applied in or towards the purchase of land for all or any of the same purposes only, shall be valid notwithstanding the statute of the ninth George the Second, chapter thirty-six, and other statutes commonly known as the Statutes of Mortmain.

5. Provided that every will or codicil containing any such gift or assurance and every deed containing any such gift or assurance and made otherwise than for full and valuable consideration, shall in order to enable such gift or assurance to take effect under this Act, be made twelve calendar months at least before the death of the testator or grantor, and shall be enrolled in the books of the Charity Commissioners within six calendar months next after the time when the same will, codicil, or deed shall come into operation.

6. Nothing in this Act shall authorise any gift by will or codicil of more than twenty acres of land for any one public park, or of more than two acres of land for any one public museum, or of more than one acre of land for any one school-house.

7. Nothing in this Act contained shall invalidate or impose any restriction or condition upon any gift or assurance which would have been valid and free from such restriction or condition if this Act had not been passed.

CHAP. 14.

An Act to provide for the vesting of County Property in the Clerk of the Peace for the County.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Act 21 & 22 Vict. " a 92., intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance " of County Property to the Clerk of the Peace of the County," herein-after called the principal Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The principal Act shall apply to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which have been purchased, hired, or acquired by the justices of the peace of any county or division of a county before the passing of the principal Act, and may be

Gifts and bequests of land or of money to be laid out in land for a public park, &c. exempted from the Mortmain Act.

All such gifts, &c. not made for valuable consideration to be made 12 months before the donor's death, and to be enrolled.

Limit to extent of land that may be given.

Not to invalidate, &c. any gift, &c. which would have been valid had this Act not passed.

Principal Act to apply to lands, &c. herein named.

held for any of the public !use» jtnflT Jirposes of such county or division of a county in the same manner in all respects as if such lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been purchased, hired, or acquired under any Act or Acts of Parliament. '

Committee of 2. The committee of visitors purchasing or taking in ex-visitors purchange lands under the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, may order and direct that such lands may be conveyed to the clerk Lunatic Asy- of the peace for the time being of the county for or on betfarf lums Act, 1853, of which, or a division of which, such lands shall be purchased landstobe8UCh or taken, and his successors, in trust for the purposes of the conveyed to Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and such conveyance when so Clerkeforthe ma<*e *>e And effectual in the law, and shall vest

[Short title.]

purposes e such lands in such clerk of the peace and his successors upon named in Act. trust, for the purposes for which the same were purchased qnd conveyed, and be by him and them held for such purposes, or otherwise be by him and them sold, conveyed, and disposed of in such manner as the committee of visitors purchasing or taking such lands may from time to time order and direct. 3. The principal Act may be cited for all purposes as the County Property Act, 1858, and this Act as the County Property Act, 1871, and the two Acts as the County Property Acts, 1858, 1871.

---

CHAP. 15.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[The provisions of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 6., &c., applicable to buildings, extended to other subjects.]

1. That all the provisions of the said Act, as amended by the subsequent Act of 1869, which relate to the procuring of any buildings for the purpose of an asylum under that Act shall apply to any ship, vessel, hut, tent, or other temporary erection which may be used by the managers, with the approval of the Poor Law Board, for the reception of paupers, or otherwise for the purposes of the asylum, whether the same shall have been acquired or used prior to the passing of this Act, or shall be acquired or used hereafter; and such ship, vessel, hut, tent, or other temporary erection shall for all the purposes of the first-mentioned Act be deemed to be an asylum specially provided under it.

[Act incorporated with above-recited Act.]

2. This Act shall be construed as and shall be taken to be incorporated with the said Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

1871. Anatomy Act (1832) Amendment. Ch. 16, 17. 129

CHAP. 16.

An Act to amend the Act of the second and third years of William the Fourth, chapter seventy-five, for regulating Schools of Anatomy.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Act of the session of the second and third years of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-five, "for regulating Schools of Anatomy:"

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Construction and short title.]

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the recited Act, and the recited Act and this Act may be cited as the Anatomy Acts, 1832 and 1871, and eaeh of them may be cited as the Anatomy Act of the year in which it was passed.

[Power to Secretary of State to vary period for transmission of certificates of interment to district inspectors.]

2. It shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and for the Chief Secretary for Ireland in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from time to time, by order, to vary the period limited by section thirteen of the recited Act as the time within which certificates of interment are to be transmitted to the inspectors of districts.

CHAP. 17.

An Act to make provision for Bank Holidays, and respecting obligations to make payments and do other acts on such Bank Holidays.

[26th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision for rendering the day after Christmas day, and also certain other days, bank holidays, and for enabling bank holidays to be appointed by royal proclamation:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Bills due on bank holidays to be payable on the following day.]

1. After the passing of this Act, the several days in the schedule to this Act mentioned (and which days are in this Act herein-after referred to as bank holidays) shall be kept as close holidays in all banks in England and Ireland and Scotland respectively, and all bills of exchange and promissory notes which are due and payable on any such bank holiday shall be payable, and in case of nonpayment may be noted and protested, on the next following day, and not on such bank holiday; and any such noting or protest shall be as

130 Ch. 17. Bank Holidays. 34 Vict.

valid as if made on the day on which the bill or note was made due and payable; and for all the purposes of this Act the day next following a bank holiday shall mean the next following day on which a bill of exchange may be lawfully noted or protested.

[Provision as to notice of dishonour and presentation for honour.]

2. When the day on which any notice of dishonour of an unpaid bill of exchange or promissory note should be given, or when the day on which a bill of exchange or promissory note should be presented or received for acceptance, or accepted or forwarded to any referee or referees, is a bank holiday, such notice of dishonour shall be given and such bill of exchange or promissory note shall be presented or forwarded on the day next following such bank holiday.

[As to any payments on bank holidays.]

3. No person shall be compellable to make any payment or to do any act upon such bank holidays which he would not be compellable to do or make on Christmas Day or Good Friday; and the obligation to make such payment and do such act shall apply to the day following such bank holiday; and the making of such payment and doing such act on such following day shall be equivalent to payment of the money or performance of the act on the holiday.

[Appointment of special bank holidays by royal proclamation.]

4. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from time to time, as to Her Majesty may seem fit, by proclamation, in the manner in which solemn fasts or days of public thanksgiving may be appointed, to appoint a special day to be observed as a bank holiday, either throughout the United Kingdom or in any part thereof, or in any county, city, borough, or district therein, and any day so appointed shall be kept as a close holiday in all banks within the locality mentioned in such proclamation, and shall, as regards bills of exchange and promissory notes payable in such locality, be deemed to be a bank holiday for all the purposes of this Act.

[Day appointed for bank holiday may be altered by Order in Council.]

5. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in like manner, from time to time, when it is made to appear to Her Majesty in Council in any special case that in any year it is inexpedient that a day by this Act appointed for a bank holiday should be a bank holiday, to declare that such day shall not in such year be a bank holiday, and to appoint such other day as to Her Majesty in Council may seem fit to be a bank holiday instead of such day, and thereupon the day so appointed shall in such year be substituted for the day so appointed by this Act.

[Exercise of powers conferred by sections 4 and 5 in Ireland by Lord Lieutenant.]

6. The powers conferred by sections three and four of this Act on Her Majesty may be exercised in Ireland, so far as relates to that part of the United Kingdom, by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Bank Holidays Act, 1871."

1871. Bank Holidays. Ch. 17, 18. 131

SCHEDULE.

Bank Holidays in England and Ireland.

Easter Monday.

The Monday in Whitsun week.

The first Monday in August.

The twenty-sixth day of December, if a week day.

Bank Holidays in Scotland.

New Year's Day.

Christmas Day.

If either of the above days falls on a Sunday the next following Monday shall be a bank holiday.

Good Friday.

The first Monday of May.

The first Monday of August.

CHAP. 18.

An Act to amend the Law disqualifying Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors in practice from being Justices of the Peace for counties.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law which declares attorneys, solicitors, and proctors in practice to be incapable of becoming justices of the peace for counties:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Repeal of the disqualification of attorneys, solicitors, and proctors from being justices of the peace for counties.]

1. From and after the passing of this Act, section thirty-three of the Act of the session holden in the sixth and seventh years of Her Majesty, chapter seventy-three, and so much as remains in force of section two of chapter eighteen of an Act of the fifth year of His late Majesty King George the Second, are hereby respectively repealed; but no person shall be capable of becoming or being a justice of the peace for any county in England or Wales (not being a county of a city or county of a town) in which he shall practise and carry on the profession or business of an attorney, solicitor, or proctor; and where any person practises and carries on such profession or business in any city or town being a county of itself, he shall, for the purpose of this Act, be deemed to carry on the same in the county within which such city or town or any part thereof is situate.

[Interpretation of "county."]

2. For the purpose of this Act a person shall be deemed to practise and carry on his profession or business in the county, city, or town in which he maintains an office or place of business; and the word "county" shall mean and include a riding or division of a county having a separate commission of the peace.

[Not to affect coroners.]

3. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect coroners.

132 Ch. 19, 20. Workshop Regulation Act, 1867, 34 Vict.

CHAP. 19.

An Act for exempting persons professing the Jewish religion from penalties in respect of young persons and females professing the said religion working on Sundays.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law for the purpose of exempting persons professing the Jewish religion from penalties in respect of young persons and females professing the said religion working on Sunday:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Exemption from penalties as to Jews.]

1. No penalty shall be incurred by any person in respect of any work done on Sunday either in a workshop or in the tobacco manufacture by any young person or woman professing the Jewish religion; provided that,

(1.) The workshop or manufactory is in the occupation of a person professing the Jewish religion, is on Saturday closed until sunset, and is not open for traffic on Sunday:

(2.) That such workshop or manufactory is open on Sundays to the officers duly authorised by the Factory and Workshop Act, 1867:

(3.) The total number of hours of labour of such young person or woman in any one week or day or period of twenty-four hours at such workshop or manufactory does not exceed the total number of hours of labour in any one week or day or period of twenty-four hours allowed by the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867.

[Definition of workshop.]

2. "Workshop" shall mean workshop as defined by the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867.

CHAP. 20.

An Act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

[25th May 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do there-

1871. Consolidated Fund (£7,000,000). Ch. 20, 21. 153

fore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the, Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Treasury may time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the issue7,000,000l. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply soU^ted^und. towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending oft the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, the sum of seven million pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may boft-ow from Power for the time to time on the credit of the said sum of seven million

pounds any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, credit of the and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not above, exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later

than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

CHAP. 21.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs and Income Tax.

[25th May 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as "The Customs and Income Tax Act, 1871."

2. The duties of customs now charged on tea on the im- Customs duties portation thereof into Great Britain and Ireland shall continue to be levied, charged, collected, and paid on and after the first lgt August day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one 1872. until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; viz.,

For every pound weight of such tea, - Sixpence.

134

Grant of duties of income tax.

Provisions, allowances, and exemptions continued in force.

Provisions of income tax Acts to apply to duties hereby granted.

Provisions as to assessment of income tax under Schedules (A.) and (B.)

Ch. 21. Customs and Income Tax. 34 Vict.

3. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for one year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax; (that is to say,)

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of all such property, profits, and gains (except those chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act), the duty of sixpence;

And in respect of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, for every twenty shillings of the annual value thereof

In England, the duty of threepence; and

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of twopence farthing:

Subject to the provisions contained in section three of the Act passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty-two, for the exemption of persons whose whole income from every source is under one hundred pounds a year, and relief of those whose income is under two hundred pounds a year.

4. All the powers, provisions, allowances, exemptions, forfeitures, and penalties contained in or imposed by any Act relating to customs duties shall be in full force as to the duties of customs granted by this Act, so far as the same are applicable, and shall be observed and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of such duties as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein expressly enacted.

5. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act so far as the same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act, and for the purposes of this Act the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two mentioned in the forty-third section of the Act passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty-two, shall be read as and deemed to mean the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

6. With respect to the assessment of the duties of income tax hereby granted under Schedules (A.) and (B.) the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The sum charged as the annual value of any property in the assessment of income tax thereon for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy shall be ^ken as the annual value of such property, and the duties

of income tax granted by this Act shall be assessed and charged according to the said sum:

(2.) The Commissioners executing the Acts relating to the duties of income tax shall, for each place within their several districts, cause duplicates of the assessments of the said duties assessed and charged as aforesaid to be made out and delivered to the collectors, together with the warrants for collecting the same:

(3.) In England the said Commissioners shall appoint such persons, being inhabitants of the place to which the duplicate shall relate, as they shall think fit, to be collectors of the duties therein mentioned, in like manner as if such persons had been presented to them by assessors under the Acts now in force:

(4.) Assessments shall be subject to be increased in like manner as the assessments made for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and to be abated or discharged at the end of the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, for any cause allowed by the said Acts:

(5.) Whenever it shall appear that any property chargeable under the said Schedules (A) and (B.) has not been assessed, such property shall be assessed under the provisions of the said Acts:

Provided that this section shall not apply to property included in any valuation list in force under "The Valuation (Metropolis)

Act, 1869/ '

7. No assessors shall be appointed for the duties payable No assessors to under Schedules (A.) and (B.), but the inspectors or surveyors appointed, of taxes shall be the assessors in respect of such duties wherever and whenever it may be necessary to make assessments, and in lieu of the poundage granted by the several Acts in that behalf to be divided between the assessors and collectors in regard to the duties, there shall be paid a poundage of three-halfpence to the collectors of the said duties.

CHAP. 22.

An Act to amend the Law in Ireland relating to Commissions of Lunacy, and the proceeding under the same, and the management of the Estates of Lunatics; and to provide for the visiting and the protection of the Property of Lunatics in Ireland; and for other purposes.

[25th May 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to " Commissions of Lunacy, and the proceedings under the same, and to provide more effectually for the visiting of persons found or supposed lunatic, and to make the other provisions

13(5

Title of Act.

Interpretation of terms.

" The Lord Chancellor."

" The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid."

" The master."

The registrar."

" Legal visitors."

" Solicitor for minors and hmatics."

" Land."

Ch. 22. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). 34? Vict.

herein-after contained for the institution, speeding, and deciding of inquiries de lunatico, and with respect to certain officers in lunacy and otherwise:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871.

2. In this Act, unless there be something in the subject matter or contents repugnant to the construction —

The expression "the Lord Chancellor " shall be construed to mean the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland for the time being, and to include or be applicable to the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the kingdom of Ireland for the time being: And the expression "the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid" shall be construed to mean the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland for the time being intrusted by virtue of the Queen s Sign Manual with the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound mind:

And the expression "the master " shall, 4s to all matters in lunacy now pending in which a reference hath hitherto been made to any of the present masters of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, be construed to mean the master to whom the last reference in the said pending matter hath been made, or such other master of the said court to whom the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall by an order to be made in the matter of the said lunacy direct that future reference and application in the matter of the said lunacy shall be made, and shall as to all matters in lunacy to be hereafter commenced and instituted, and all matters in lunacy now pending in which no reference hath hitherto been made to any of the present masters of the court, be construed to mean the Receiver Master of the Court of Chancery in Ireland for the time being: And the expression u the registrar " shall be construed to mean the registrar in lunacy for the time being:

And the expression "legal visitors" shall be construed to mean the legal visitors for the time being appointed by the Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to perform the duties herein-after specified:

And the expression a solicitor for minors and lunatics " shall be construed to mean the solicitor for minors and lunatics for the time being appointed by the Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid according to the practice in lunacy and minor matters in Ireland:

And the word "land " shall be construed to comprehend any manor, messuage, tenement, hereditament, or real property of whatsoever tenure, and also property of every

137

description transferable otherwise than in books kept by any company or society, or any share thereof or charge thereon, or estate or interest therein:

And the word " stock " shall be construed to comprehend " stock." any fund, annuity, or security transferable in books kept by any company or society, or any money payable for the discharge or redemption thereof or any share or interest therein:

And the word u dividends " shall be construed to comprehend "Dividends." interest or other annual produce:

And the provisions relating to "the Bank of Ireland," save "The Bank of such as regard the lodgment of moneys to the credit of Ireland" the lunacy fund herein-after mentioned, shall be construed to extend and be applicable to every other company or society established or to be established:

And the word " conveyance " shall be construed to com- " Conveyance.'' prehend any release, surrender, assignment, or other assurance, including all acts, deeds, and things necessary for making and perfecting the same:

And the word " transfer " shall be construed to comprehend " Transfer." any assignment, payment, or other disposition:

And the word "lunatic " shall be construed to mean any "Lunatic." person found by inquisition idiot, lunatic, or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing himself or his affairs:

And the words " alleged lunatic " shall be construed to mean " Alleged any person stated to be or treated as if he were a lunatic, lanatic* ' or any person as to the fact of whose lunacy the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall think fit that inquiry should be had:

And the words " person of weak mind " shall be construed to mean any person from any temporary cause or sick- w ness affecting his mental capacity incapable of managing himself or his affairs:

And an expression " next of kin " shall be construed to refer " Next of kin." to the next of kin of a lunatic, and to comprehend his heir or heirs-at-law, and also the person or persons who would be entitled to his estate, or to shares thereof, under the statutes for the distribution of the effects of intestates, in case he were dead intestate:

And the word "person" or "party" shall be construed to "Person"or comprehend a body corporate. party *

3. The present clerk of the custodies of idiots and lunatics The clerk of shall henceforth be styled the registrar in lunacy, and the said ^styfed^het0 registrar shall fulfil the duties now fulfilled by the clerk of the registrar in custodies of idiots and lunatics, and such other duties as shall lunacy; his be in this Act by him directed to he performed, and shall and receive such annual salary, not exceeding the annual sum of five hundred pounds, payable out of the lunacy fund hereinafter mentioned, in such manner and at such time as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall by any order or orders at any time or from time to time direct and appoint, and after

Copies of medical certificates, &c. certifying as to lunacy to be transmitted to registrar.

Manager, &c. of asylum on receiving any lunatic, &c., to make return.

the resignation or dismissal of the present registrar, or his ceasing to act as such registrar, all future registrars shall be appointed in the manner and for the time herein-after provided.

4. The inspectors of lunatic asylums in Ireland shall transmit to the registrar, within two days after receiving the same, copies of all medical certificates hereafter received by them in pursuance of the provisions of the Act fifth and sixth Victoria, chapter one hundred and twenty-three, section sixteen; and where any two or more justices shall by warrant direct any persons to be taken to a lunatic asylum in pursuance to the provisions of the Act thirtieth and thirty-first Victoria, chapter one hundred and eighteen, section ten, one of such justices shall, within two days after signing the warrant, transmit or cause the clerk of such justices to transmit by post to the registrar a copy of the certificate of the medical officer upon which such warrant was issued.

5. Every resident medical superintendent or manager of any district or county or other public lunatic asylum, and every proprietor of any lunatic asylum, and every person whosoever who shall receive into or keep and detain in his custody or care any person being of unsound mind, shall within one week from the date at which he shall have received into or begun to keep or detain in his custody or care any such person, transmit by post to the registrar a notice or return setting forth his own name, residence, and description, the name, last known residence, and description of such person so received or kept or detained, the name, residence, and description of the person by whom or by whose order or direction or request such person so declared had been delivered into or was then kept and detained in the custody or care of the person making or giving such return or notice, the name or names of the legally qualified medical practitioner or practitioners, or of any other person or persons (if any) who shall have certified to the lunacy of the said person so received or kept or detained, and also the age, the nature of the lunacy, and property (if any) of such person, together with all such other circumstances as shall be directed by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid by any general order; and shall within like period after detention or custody ceasing, or place of detention or custody being changed, give like notice of such cesser or change of detention or custody, with such further particulars as shall be directed by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid by any general order; and every person who is by this section required to make such return as aforesaid, and who has at the time of the passing of this Act any person of unsound mind in his care or custody, shall make the like return or notice with regard to such last-mentioned person within one month after a date to be fixed by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid for the county or province in which such last-mentioned person is in such, custody or care as aforesaid, of which date when so fixed due notice shall be given by publication in the Dublin G&gette and

1871. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22.

in some newspaper circulating in the county or province for which such day has been so fixed.

6. Any person who shall treat or cause to be treated any other person as of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or property, by confining him or retaining him in his care or custody, or by causing him to be confined in any hospital, infirmary, gaol, prison, bridewell, lunatic asylum, whether public or private, or other public institution or place of confinement whatsoever for the reception of persons of unsound mind, or in the custody of any other person, or by instituting or defending, or causing to be instituted or defended in his name, any legal proceedings, or by interfering in the management of the property as being the property of a person of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or property, or otherwise howsoever, shall, within one week after beginning so to treat or cause to be treated any person as of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or property as aforesaid, transmit by post to the registrar a notice or return setting forth his own name, residence, and description, the name, last residence, present abode, and description of the person so treated, the name, residence, and description of the person in whose custody or care the person so treated is, the name or names of the legally qualified medical practitioner or practitioners, or any other person or persons (if any) who shall have certified to the lunacy of the person so treated, the age, the nature of the lunacy, and the property (if any) of the person so treated, together with all such other particulars and circumstances as shall be directed by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid by any general order; and every person who is by this section required to make such return as aforesaid, and who shall be treating or causing to be treated any other person as aforesaid at the time of the passing of this Act, shall make the like return or notice with regard to such last-mentioned person within one month after a date to be fixed by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid for the county or province in which such last-mentioned person shall then be living, of which date when so fixed due notice shall be given by publication in the Dublin Gazette and in some newspaper circulating in the county or province for which such day has been fixed: Provided always, that nothing in this section or either of the two previous sections shall have any application to persons of unsound mind who now are or hereafter shall be in any union workhouse, or who have been or shall be admitted to any lunatic asylum in Ireland, in consequence of evidence by declaration or affidavit that they have no property or means: Provided also (notwithstanding anything in the last proviso contained), that if at any time the master of any union work-house or the resident medical superintendent or manager of any county or district lunatic asylum shall be informed or become aware that any person of unsound mind in the union

139

Persons treating any other as lunatic, &c. to make return.

140 Ch. 22. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). 34 Vict.

workhouse of which he is master or any person so admitted as aforesaid to and then being in the asylum of which he is such resident medical superintendent or manager is entitled to any property whatsoever, such master or superintendent shall forthwith report to the said registrar all the information which he may have with reference to such person, and the amount and nature of such property.

Persons making 7. Every person who shall wilfully make or cause to be retoms t^be made *n an7 return or notice to be by him under the provi-puilty of per- sions of this Act transmitted to the registrar any false Btate-jnry. ment touching any of the particulars hereby required to be

contained in any such return or notice as aforesaid shall be subject to the same pains and penalties as if he were guilty of perjury.

Persons 8. Any person who under this Act is required to transmit

n^r^irnTto rePfrar any such return or notice as aforesaid and

be subjects ° within the period aforesaid, and who shall neglect to transmit penalty. to the registrar such return or notice within the said period, shall be liable for every such offence to forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds.

No penalty to 9. No penalty shall be exacted in any case when it shall case^f ^un m appear the satisfaction of the justice or justices that the avoidable acci- person failing to comply with the provisions of this Act redent. lating to the transmitting of returns or notices under the provisions herein-before contained has so failed by unavoidable accident, or by circumstances over which he had no control, and having used every reasonable endeavour towards compliance with such provisions.

Penalties under 10. Any penalty recoverable under the provisions of this recovered°W Act shall be recoverable in a summary way with respect to

the police district of Dublin metropolis, subject and according to the provisions of any Act regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district or of the police of such district, and with respect to other parts of Ireland before a justice or justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions, subject and according to the provisions of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the same.

Medical visitors 11. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may at any

may be ordered time and from time to time direct one or more of the medical lunatic ancfe visitors to visit any alleged lunatic, and inquire into the state report/ and condition of his mind, and his capacity or incapacity to

manage his person or property, and his residence, mode of treatment, and condition generally, and also to make such other specific inquiries relative to the alleged lunatic as to the Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may seem fit, and to report thereon, and every report, notice, or return made in pursuance of this or any of the previous sections of this Act shall be filed in the office of the registrar, but it shall not be permitted to be inspected by nor shall any copy thereof be given to any person without a special order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to that effect, and to be

1871. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22. 141

made in the matter of the alleged lunacy: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the power of the Lord Chancellor for the time being to direct the inspectors appointed tinder an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and seven, or any Act continuing the same, to make a special visitation and report in relation thereto.

12. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, by an Inquiry may be order in the matter of the alleged lunacy, direct that any reportof01110 report to be made under the provisions in the preceding visitor, section contained shall stand and be proceeded upon as a

petition presented in the matter of the alleged lunacy praying for a commission to inquire as to the lunacy of the alleged lunatic supported by evidence, and the alleged lunatic shall have notice of the report from such person as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall from time to time direct; and the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may in every such or any subsequent order direct who shall have the carriage of and proceed upon such report and order as if he had himself presented a petition praying for a commission to inquire as to the lunacy of the alleged lunatic, and if the order to be made by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall not contain any such direction as aforesaid, and until an order in that behalf be made by the Lord Chancellor as aforesaid, the solicitor for minors and lunatics shall have the carriage of and proceed upon every such report and order, and the costs and expenses to jbe incurred by any person in proceeding upon any such report and order in obedience to any such order as aforesaid shall be paid and provided for in such manner as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may by any general or special order at any time or from time to time direct.

13. Where the alleged lunatic is within the jurisdiction Alleged lunatic he shall have notice of the presentation of the petition for ^to^hav^ 0" inquiry, or of the report and order thereon made under the notice, and may provisions of this Act, and may, by a notice signed by him demand an in-and attested by his solicitor, and filed with the registrar, be ore a within seven days after such notice bad by him as aforesaid,

or at or within such other time as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order in the particular case, demand an inquiry before a jury.

14. Where the alleged lunatic demands an inquiry before Where alleged a jury the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall in his

J J -.I/. a jury, .Lord

order for inquiry direct such inquiry to be sped before a jury, Chancellor may

unless he be satisfied by personal examination of the alleged examine him

lunatic that he is not mentally competent to form and express ^n^and

a wish for an inquiry before a jury; and the Lord Chancellor order a jury.

intrusted as aforesaid may, where he shall deem it necessary,

after presentation of the petition for inquiry, or the order to

be made upon any report as aforesaid, and for the purpose

Cases where a jury may be dispensed with.

Issue of lunacy may be sent to a common law court, &c.

Order of Lord Chancellor or certificate of judge to be deemed an inquisition.

Ch. 22. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). 34 Vict.

of personal examination, require the alleged lunatic to attend him at such convenient time and place as he may appoint.

15. Where the alleged lunatic does not demand an inquiry before a jury, or the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid is satisfied by personal examination of him that he is not mentally competent to form and express a wish in that behalf, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, upon consideration of the evidence adduced before him on the petition for inquiry, or proceeding upon such report and order as aforesaid, and of the circumstances of the case, so far as they are before him, to be unnecessary or inexpedient that the inquiry should be before a jury, and he accordingly does not in his order for inquiry direct the inquiry to be sped before a jury, then the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall, without a jury, take such evidence, upon oath or otherwise, and call for such information, and, if it shall seem to him necessary, require the production before himself of, and personally examine, the alleged lunatic, in order to ascertain whether or not the alleged lunatic is or is not of unsound mind, and shall, by an order to be made in the matter of the alleged lunacy, declare whether the alleged lunatic is or is not of unsound mind, and incapable of managing his person or property.

16. In every case in which the inquiry whether the alleged lunatic be or be not of unsound mind is to be sped before a jury, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may direct that no commission de lunatico be issued, but in lieu thereof may, by an order in the matter of the alleged lunacy, direct that the issue whether the alleged lunatic be or be not of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or property be sent to one of the superior courts of common law in Dublin, or to the chairman of quarter sessions, or the recorder in whose jurisdiction the alleged lunatic is resident, and may in any such order give such directions as to the form of such issue, the evidence of the fact of the alleged lunacy, the personal examination of the alleged lunatic, the venue of such issue, and otherwise as to him shall seem fit and necessary; and, subject to such special direction as "aforesaid, the said issue shall be tried and the finding certified according to the practice now in force as to issues directed out of the Court of Chancery.

17. When the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall, by any order to be made in the matter of an alleged lunacy, declare that the alleged lunatic is of unsound mind and incapable of managing himself or his property, and has been so from a time past, or, on the contrary, certify that the alleged lunatic is of sound mind and capable of managing himself and his property, or where the judge, chairman of quarter sessions, or recorder who shall have tried any issue directed under the provisions herein-before contained shall certify that the jury have found that the alleged lunatic is of

1871. Lunacy Regidabion (Ireland). Ch. 22. 143

unsound mind and incapable of managing himself or his property, and has been so from a time past, or, on the contrary, that the alleged lunatic is of sound mind and capable of managing himself and his affairs, and otherwise as by the order directing such issue shall have been required, such order to be made in the matter of the alleged lunacy as aforesaid, or such certificate, when filed in the office of the registrar, shall be and be deemed to be an inquisition, and be of the same force and effect to all intents and purposes, and be proceeded upon in the same manner in all respects as an inquisition taken upon the oath of a juiy under a special commission of inquiry issued by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid in the matter of the alleged lunatic.

18. Where the alleged lunatic is not within the jurisdiction jury to be had the inquiry shall be before a jury, and no further or other lunatic out notice shall be necessary to be given to him than he would of

have been entitled to receive if this Act had not been passed.

19. The inquiry, whether with or without a jury, shall, as inquiry not to far as relates to the state of mind of the alleged lunatic, be t*3 carried confined to the question whether or not the alleged lunatic is specmi of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or order, property at the time of the inquiry, except where the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid under special circumstances

shall direct that there be also an inquiry from what time the alleged lunatic has been of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or property, or shall direct that there be also an inquiry whether or not the alleged lunatic was of unsound mind and incapable of managing his person or property at a previous time specified, and thenceforth down to the time of the inquiry.

20. The foregoing provision contained in the preceding Last five five sections shall apply only where the petition for inquiry sections not to is presented after the commencement of the Act and the cases

to be commenced by a report and order thereon under the mg *1 °n8 '

provisions herein-before contained, and every petition thereto

before presented and on which an order has not then been

made, shall, with respect to the inquiry as to the lunacy of the alleged lunatic, be proceeded on as if this Act had not

been passed.

21. Nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to preclude Nothing to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid from issuing a preclude the commission specially in any case of alleged lunacy if he shall ^lor^om upon any occasion deem it proper to do so, and the foregoing issuing a special provisions shall be deemed to extend to every commission so commission, issued specially, or so directed as aforesaid, so far as they

may be applicable.

22. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may at any Inquiry by time, or from time to time, direct the legal visitors or any of legal7^tor8 them to inquire and report to him whether they or he are directed.

or is of opinion that the property of any person alleged to be of unsound mind or detained or taken charge of as of

L.

Ch. 22.

lunacy Regulation (Ireland).

34 Vict.

Evidence may be oral, &c.

Lord Chancellor or master may administer oath.

Swearing of affidavits in the

colonies, &c.

Form of affidavits.

Short form of affidavit for verification of documents, as in schedule.

unsound mind but not yet found or declared to be a lunatic is not duly protected, or that the income thereof is not duly applied for his benefit; and if the said legal visitors or visitor so directed by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall report that they or he are or is of opinion that the property of the person alleged to be of unsound mind or detained or taken charge of as of unsound mind, but not yet found or declared to be a lunatic, is not duly protected, or that the income thereof is not duly applied for his benefit, or to the same effect, such report shall be filed in the office of the registrar in such manner and such order may be made and proceedings taken thereon; and all inquiries, declarations, and proceedings to be had thereon shall have such force and effect as has been herein-before enacted in relation to reports to be made by the medical visitors, or one of them, or the orders and proceedings to be made and had thereupon.

23. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the master, may direct that the evidence in the matter- of a lunatic, or on any particular proceeding in the matter, be taken orally, or partly orally and partly by affidavit, and it shall be so taken accordingly.

24. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the master, or any person or persons holding an inquiry touching lunacy, whether under this Act or otherwise, may, in the matter of a lunatic or alleged lunatic, cause an oath to be administered to any witness, whether his deposition or affidavit is to be used before him or not; and the registrar for the time being is hereby authorised so administer oaths and take affidavits in all matters in lunacy; provided that the registrar shall not be required to go out of his office to administer any such oath or take any such affidavit.

25. The provisions of the Act of the thirtieth and thirty-first Victoria, chapter forty-four, sections eighty-one, eighty-two, and eighty-three, respecting affidavits made in causes or matters depending in the High Court of Chancery, Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby extended so as to be applicable, mutatis mutandis, to affidavits made in matters in lunacy.

26. Every affidavit to be used in a matter in lunacy shall be taken and expressed in the first person of the deponent, and shall be divided into paragraphs numbered consecutively, and respectively confined, as nearly as may be, to distinct portions of the subject matter, and sums of money, measures of space, time, and quantity shall be therein expressed by numerals and not by words at length, and the costs thereof shall be taxed accordingly.

27. Where an affidavit is required for verifying all or some of the statements contained in a petition, statement of facts, proposal, or other document, the affidavit may be annexed or under written thereto, and may be in the form set forth in the second schedule hereunder written, with such varia-

1871. Lunacy Regvdation (Ireland). Ch., 22. 145

tions as the circumstances may require; and where the form is, in the opinion of the taxing master, applicable, no further or greater costs of any affidavit shall be allowed on taxation than would be allowed for an affidavit in the aforesaid form.

28. Every person giving evidence by affidavit shall be liable Witnesses may to oral cross-examination by or before the Lord Chancellor be cr?89" intrusted as aforesaid, or the master, in the same manner as if

the evidence given by him in his affidavit had been given by him orally before the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the master, and after cross-examination may be re-examined orally by or on behalf of the person filing the affidavit; and every person giving evidence by affidavit shall be bound to attend before the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the master, to be so cross-examined and re-examined, upon receiving due and proper notice and payment or tender of his reasonable expenses, in like manner as if he had been duly served with a writ or subpoena ad testificandum before an examiner of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and How expenses the expenses attending on such cross-examination and re- to be reexamination shall be paid in the first instance by the parties respectively, in like manner as if the witness cross-examined were the witness of the party cross-examining, and shall on taxation be ultimately borne and paid by the estate, or the parties respectively, or one of them, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the master, shall direct.

29. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the Masters may master, shall be at liberty to cause to be issued from time to is8ue advertise-time such advertisements as may to him seem expedient with ments' reference to the subject matter of any proceeding, proposal, or

inquiry.

30. Where it is desired and the Lord Chancellor intrusted Lord Chan-

as aforesaid allow that the receiver shall, in lieu] of giving ccUor may ..., , , j J . ° authorise pay-

security in the manner now used by bond or recognizances mentor transfer

with sureties, give security, in the whole or in part, by bring- into court of ing into court an adequate sum of money or stock, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may by order direct or give receiver. liberty for the payment into the Bank of Ireland, with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to the credit of the matter of the lunatic and the separate credit of the receiver, and as his security pro tan to, any sum of money, or the transfer into the name and with the privity of the said Accountant General, in the matter of the lunatic, and to the separate credit of the security of the receiver, of any sum of stock; and such transfer, investment, and application shall be made by virtue of such order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, and such sum of money or stock when so paid in or transferred as aforesaid shall stand and be subject to such orders as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall from time to time or at any time make in respect thereof, and the said Accountant General shall declare the trust of the sum of money or stock when so paid or trans-[J\To. 13. Price 2d.] N

Grant of custody may be extended to surviving committees in certain cases.

Master to allow items, subject to appeal to Lord Chancellor.

Lord Chancellor may dispense with attendance of next of kin.

In cases of members of same family, proceedings may be consolidated, and evidence interchanged.

Master may direct times,

&c. of proceeding before him.

Ch. 22. Lumaey 'Regulation (Ireland). 34 Vict.

ferred accordingly, subject to the order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid.

31. Where the master shall find and report that several persons are fit persons to be appointed the committees of the estate or of the person, and is of opinion that one or more of the same several persons should continue to be the committee or committees after the death or discharge of the others or other of them, and such persons are willing so to continue, the master may report accordingly; and where such report be confirmed the continuing committee or committees shall and may continue until further order to act after the death or discharge of the other or others of them, with the like powers, authorities, and discretions, and subject to all the like liabilities, as the original committees.

32. Where the master is of opinion that any expenses included in the committee's or receiver's account have been properly and reasonably incurred for the benefit or enjoyment of the lunatic, or in a due course of management, or for the improvement, security, or advantage of his estate, and there is no opposition to the allowance thereof, it shall be lawful for the master to allow credit for the same or such portion thereof as he shall deem just and proper, subject to the disallowance, diminution, or modification of such credit by an order to be made by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, upon the motion of any party having an interest in the lunatic or his estate, and the order to be made upotf and the costs of such motion shall be at the discretion of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid.

33. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may by order dispense with and disallow the attendance on the proceedings in the matter of all or some of the next of kin either wholly or except at their own expense, or except upon special leave first obtained, as he shall under the circumstances think expedient, and such notice only of attending on the proceedings shall be given as shall be conformable with the order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid.

34. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, where it seems expedient, may consolidate or carry on together similar proceedings before him in the matters of several persons being members of the same family, and may in that case, and also where it does not seem expedient that the proceedings should be consolidated or carried on together, use in the matter of one member of a family evidence filed or taken in the matter of another member or other members of the same family, when and so far as it may be applicable.

35. Subject to the provisions of this Act and to the general orders in lunacy for the time being in force, and to any order of the Lord Chanceller intrusted as aforesaid, the master may, if he think fit, dispense with any summons ordinarily taken out in the course of the proceedings before him, and direct and require any party attending before him to take out a

xm.

JM9UU& Bogotiaiiooi (Ivdaaufy

Cfc. 82.

ur

amnmons for a particular purpose or within a particular time,

and fix the time at which any particular summons shall be returnable before him, orator within which any proceeding necessary or proper to be taken before him shall be taken* and may proceed de die in diem or adjourn the proceedings before him, as he shall see fit.

36. The master shall from time to time inquire into the circumstances of any delay in the conduct of proceedings before him *, or in proceeding upon his reports, certificates, or decisions, and for that purpose may call before him all parties concerned, and may report accordingly, where it seems expedient.

37* The master may, by certificate, disallow, wholly or in part, the costs of any proceeding or document taken or used or proposed to be taken or used before him.

38. The affidavits, petitions, and other documents brought into the offices of the master or registrar shall not contain unnecessary recitals or statements of proceedings or documents previously taken or used in the matter, and the taxing masters shall look into all such affidavits, petitions, and other documents as aforesaid, and deal in such manner as to them seems just with the costs of any affidavit, petition, or other document appearing to them to be unnecessary or improper, in the whole or in part, or of unnecessary length.

39. The master shall be at liberty to report specially to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid any decision at which he may arrive, or any other matter relating to any inquiry or proposal pending before or under consideration by him, in order to obtain a decision or direction by or from him for his guidance in the further prosecution of the inquiry or consideration of the proposal.

40. The reports of the master shall be divided into distinct findings, numbered consecutively, and each confined, as nearly as may be, to one distinct portion of the subject matter, and each such finding commencing as a separate paragraph, with such appropriate headings prefixed to all or any of the paragraphs as may be convenient.

41. The reports of the master, whether confirmed by fiat or not under the provisions herein-after contained, and his certificates, and all other reports and certificates made in matters in lunacy (except the reports of the visitors hereinafter provided for), shall be left by the master, taxing masters, and other officers making the same respectively, with the registrar in lunacy, by whom the same shall be filed, and it shall not be necessary that they or any of them should be filed elsewhere; and the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and all other persons, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall, as occasion may require, act upon or in relation to any report, and the fiat thereon (if any) or any certificate bo filed, in like manner as upon an order made

Master to inquire into delays.

Master may disallow costs.

Documents not to be of unnecessary length.

Master may report decision pending inquiry.

Form of reports.

Reports to be filed with registrar in lunacy only.

CH. 22.

Lwnacy Regulation (Ireland).

34 Ykt.

Objections to report may be brought in.

No petition against confirmation, but objections to be brought forward on petition for confirmation.

Reports not objected to may be confirmed without petition.

in the matter of the lunatic by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid.

42. Any person objecting to a draft report of the masters, and desiring to prosecute the objection, shall bring in before the master a statement of objections in writing, and thereupon the master shall be at liberty to review the draft objected to, and after review, or the refusal of the master to review, the person objecting may bring in before the master a notice m writing, stating that he insists on the objections, or any one or more of them, and all the objections not so insisted On shall be considered as abandoned.

43. No person shall, except upon special leave of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid first obtained, present a petition against the confirmation of a report, but in every case, on the hearing of the petition for confirmation of the report, any objections insisted on as aforesaid may be brought forward in opposition to the confirmation of the report, without any exceptions or cross petition.

44. Where no statement of objections is brought in, or all the objections contained in a statement brought in are abandoned, the report shall be submitted to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid for confirmation, without petition, and without the attendance of parties, except where from the special nature or circumstances of the case the master is of opinion that the report ought to be brought before the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid by petition, and by endorsement on the report under his hands shall so direct accordingly.

45. Where a report is to be submitted for confirmation without petition it shall contain the directions consequential On the confirmation thereof, and the fiat of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid on the report shall give it the operation of an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid made upon petition, subject to such other directions and provisions (if any) as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may think fit.

Cases in which 46. The reports of the master shall be brought before the -P" Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, for confirmation, by firmed without petition, in each of the cases following: — . petition. 1. Where the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid on,

referring a matter to the master to inquire and report so directs;

2. Where a statement of objections is brought in and all the

objections are not abandoned:

3. Where the master, having regard to the special nature or

circumstances of the case, as herein-before, provided, so directs:

4. Where no order is made on the report being submitted

for confirmation without petition:

5. Where it is therein-after otherwise specially provided: ,

Such reports to contain consequential directions, and fiat of Lord Chancellor to give them operation of orders.

1871. Lunacy (/retoncZ). Cfl.21 149

And in. such other cases as are herein mentioned and as the Lord Chancellor shall from time to time by general order direct.

47, Every petition shall be filed before an order thereon Form of shall be pawed, and the order shall not recite any part of the ordert* statements contained in the petition, and only such part (if any) of the prayer as may be necessary, and an order shall

#ot state any part of a report, except the master's conclusion or opinion, or so much thereof as may be necessary; and the Lewd Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may and shall from time to time make such general orders as to him shall seem meet for embodying (as far as may be) such provisions and directions as are now commonly or frequently inserted in orders and are not provided for by this Act, and for dispensing (as for as may be) with the formal parts of orders as now drawn upi

48, Every order made in a matter in lunacy by the Lord Orders to be Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, when drawn up by the registrar in lunacy, and signed by the Lord Chancellor in- offiMc^iesto trusted as aforesaid, shall be entered by the registrar in be famished lunacy in a proper book to be provided by him for that pur- signed by pose, and he shall furnish office copies of any order or of any

report, when confirmed, or of any part thereof respectively, signed by him, and sealed or stamped with the seal of his office, to every party in the matter or other person entitled thereto who shall require the same; and every office copy of the whole of an order or report confirmed as aforesaid, purporting to be so signed and sealed or stamped with such Seal, shall at all times, and on behalf of all persons, and whether for the purposes of this Act or otherwise, be admitted as evidence of the order or report confirmed as aforesaid of which it purports to be a copy, without any further proof thereof

49, Where an order or a report confirmed as aforesaid Money orders to relates to the payment, transfer, carrying over, or depositing

of any cash, stock, funds, annuities, securities, or other effects c^neral as if to or into the name of or in the custody of the Accountant drawn np by General of the Court of Chancery to the credit of the matter of a lunatic, or to the payment, transfer, or carrying over or chancery/ other disposal by the said Accountant General of any cash, stocks, funds, annuities, securities, or other effects standing in his name or deposited in his custody to the credit of the matter of a lunatic, or of any cash, stocks, funds, annuities, securities, or other effects to or in which a lunatic is entitled or beneficially interested, and which are not standing in trust in a cause or matter depending in the Court of Chancery, the said Accountant General and all other persons, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall act upon an office copy of such order purporting to be signed by the registrar and sealed with the seal of his office, or upon an office copy of the report confirmed as aforesaid, and thence

Ch. 22.

Lunacy Regulation (Irelantfy

34 Vici.

Registrar to certify to Accountant General.

Persons forging the signature or seal of the registrar guilty of felony.

Notwithstanding the death of lunatic, the Lord Chancellor's control over his estate to continue.

Upon death of lanatie the committee to bring in statement of facts.

The master to report thereon.

receiving the operation of an order after the same haa been filed as herein-before provided* in the same manner as if an order had been drawn up by the registrar of the Court of Chancery, and passed and entered in the Court of Chancery; and the registrar in lunacy in cane of an order, and the master in case of a report confirmed as aforesaid, shall certify under their hands respectively to the said Accountant General what stocks, funds, annuities, securities, or other effects are by virtue of any such order or report confirmed as aforesaid (as the case may be) to be sold, transferred, or delivered out.

50. If any person, shall forge the signature of the registrar in lunacy, or shall forge or counterfeit the seal of his office, or knowingly concur in using any such forged or counterfeited signature or seal, or shall tender in evidence any document with a false or counterfeit signature of such registrar, or with a false or counterfeit seal, knowing the same signs* ture or seal to be false or counterfeit, every such person shall be guilty of felony, and, shall be liable to the same punishment as any offender under an Act of the session of Parliament holden in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirteen.

51. Notwithstanding the death of a lunatic the real and personal estate of such deceased lunatic shall continue under and in the control, custody, and protection of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, until the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall have by ain order discharged the real and personal estate of the deceased lunatic from the custody and protection of the Court; and until such order as aforesaid the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall retain, possess, enjoy, and exercise the same powers, control, and authority over the real and personal estate of the deceased lunatic as he would and might have possessed, enjoyed, and exercised over such real and personal estate if the said deceased lunatie had not diqd as aforesaid.

52. Upon the death of any lunatic the committee of his estate shall bring in and lpdge in the office of the master a statement of facts in which he shall set. forth the date of the death of the deceased lunatic, whether the deceased lunatic had executed a will or died intestate, what ore the claims and demands against the estate of the lunatic in the matter of the lunacy for costs, maintenance, or otherwise^ and who is or are the heirs, next of kin, executors, or trustees (if any) nominated by, and the devisees of the real estate named by the will of the deceased Innatic, and the master shall thereupon report to the Lord Chancellor intrusted ss> aforesaid the feet and date of the death of the deceased lunatic, whether the deceased lunatic had. executed a will or died intestate^ what are. the claims and demands against the estate of the Innatic in the matter of the lunacy for coats, maintenance, and otherwise, and who are interested in or entitled to the real or personal estate of the Innatic as hrirMt-lfcw or Beset of

J

1871. Luvacy IUgulati<m (Ireland). Ch. 22. 151

kin or as the trustees or devisees named in the will of the deceased lunatic, and what proceedings (if any) he would recommend for the purpose of winding up the said lunacy, matter, which report shall be settled by the master in the presence of and upon notice to such person or persons as the master shall by his ruling, to be made upon hearing the statement of facts previously presented by the committee of the estate, have directed.

53. The master may, on being satisfied of a lunatic's death, Master may without order, open and read any paper writing purporting d."

or alleged to be his will, for the purpose of aaoertaining who is hver out therein nominated executor thereof and also whether or not there is any and what direction therein contained concerning his foneral or place of interment, and then deliver the same to the registrar or other proper officer of Her Majesty's Court of Probate in Ireland, to the intent that it may be dealt with according to law, and shall certify the death, and the opening and delivering ont of the paper writing accordingly.

5i A report of the matter to be made in pursuance of I*eP?rt upon the provisions comprised in the fifty-second section shall not i^tic no^to be confirmed otherwise than by an order of the Lord Chan- be confirmed cellar intrusted as aforesaid, to be made upon the hearing of a uve^bymrder petition to be presented by any party interested for the chancellor! confirmation of such report.

55. In any order confirming a report to be made by the Order by the master pursuant to the provisions of the sixty- sixth section ^°r<l of this Act, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may such^port.^ further order, if it should seem fit and convenient to him, —

1. That the receiver appointed in the lunacy matter do continue to receive the rents of the real estate of the deceased lunatic for the purpose of discharging the claims and demands against the estate Of the deceased lunatic in the matter of the lunacy for such time and subject to such conditions as to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid ttiay seem right;

That the* claims and demands against the estate of the said lunatic in the matter of the lunacy, or some or any of them, be paid out of the stock or cash standing in the bodes of the Governor and Company of the Bunk of Ireland to the credit of the Accountant General of the Couart of Chancery, and the separate credit of the lunacy matter, or out of such moneys, forming portion of the estate of the lunatic, as may then be in the hands of the receiver of the estate or committee of the estate of the lunatic, and in such manner, at such time, and subject to such conditions as to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may seem fit;

3. That such steps be taken, proceedings bad, and things done aa to the Lord Chancellor intrusted! as aforesaid may seem fit and necessary for winding up and closing the said matter in lunacy;

Ch. 22. Zmacy Regulation (Ireland). 34 Vick.

4. That the said lunacy matter, upon production to the

registrar of the probate of the will or letters of administration to the goods and effects of the deceased lunatic, be at such time, in such manner, and subject to such conditions as to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid seem fit and necessary, terminated m and dismissed out of lunacy;

5. That upon the dismissal of the said lunacy matter the

receiver and the committee of the estate of the lunatic do give possession of the real and chattel real estate of the lunatic to such person or persons, and at such times, in such manner, and subject to such conditions as to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may seem fit and expedient; provided always, that no order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid that > the receiver or committee should give the possession of all or any portion of the real or chattel real estate of the deceased lunatic to any person or persons shall be used, relied on, or received in any court as evidence of the title of such person or persons to whom possession shall have been given as aforesaid, pursuant to any order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions in this section contained; and

6. That the matter of the said lunacy, upon being termi-

nated in and dismissed out of lunacy, be transferred to the court of the Master of the Rolls or Vice-Chancellor, and be there proceeded with as if a bill for the administration of the personal or the real and personal estate of the deceased lunatic had been duly filed in that court, and a decree for the administration of the personal or real and personal estate of the deceased lunatic had been pronounced therein, and in every such order the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall declare who shall be taken to be the plaintiff or plaintiffs and defendant or defendants in the proceed* mgs subsequently to be taken in the court of the Master of the Rolls or Vice-Chancellor, and the proceedings subsequently to be taken in pursuance of such order shall be carried on and conducted as if the person or persons named as plaintiffe in any such order had filed a bill for the administration of the personal or the personal and real estate of the deceased lunatic against the person or persons named as defendant or defendants in such order as aforesaid, and the Master of the Rolls and the Vice-Chancellor shall in every such proceeding have, exercise, and enjoy all the same powers and authorities which they should have had, enjoyed, and exercised if such proceedings had been commenced and instituted by bill, and a decree for administration in the ordinary form had been pronounced therein.

1871. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland)* [Ch. 22,

56. It shall be the duty of the medical and legal visitors to visit persons of unsound mind within the meaning of this Act at such times and in such rotation and manner, and to make such inquiries and investigations as to their care and treatment and mental and bodily health, and the arrange* meats for their maintenance and comfort, and otherwise respecting them, as the Lord Chancellor shall by general orders, or as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall by special order. in any particular case, from time to time direct

57. Provided always, that from and after the first day of August next every lunatic shall be personally visited and seen by one of the medical or legal visitors four times at least in every year, and such visits wall be so regulated as that the interval between successive visits to any such lunatic shall in no ease exceed four months; provided always, that lunatics who are resident in licensed houses, asylums, or registered hospitals shall not necessarily be visited by any of the said viators more than once in the year, unless the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall otherwise direct.

£8. The medical visitors shall respectively ', within a convenient time after each visit, make a report m writing to the lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid of the state of mind and bodily health, and of the general condition, and also of the care and treatment of each person, visited and seen by them respectively, and the legal visitors shall report upon such matters as they shall be directed to inquire into, which reports shall, annually or oftener, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may direct, be submitted to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid; and the visitors respectively shall make separate or special reports on any case to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid as and when they may think expedient, and in particular shall report to him, without delay, any instance in which they respectively, on proceeding to visit, have been unable to discover the then residence of or have been by any other circumstance prevented from actually seeing on that occasion the lunatic whom they intended to visit.

59. The reports of the visitors shall be filed and kept secret in the office of the registrar, and shall be open to the inspection of no person save the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid and such persons as he may specially appoint; and all the reports relating to any particular patient shall he destroyed on the death of the patient, and shall also be destroyed on the inquisition in his case being superseded, or being vacated and discharged on a traverse, unless the Lord Chancellor intrusted as , aforesaid, within fourteen days after the supersedeas or the vacating and discharge on a traverse, specially order that the same be not destroyed until the death.

153;

Visiting.

Duties of visitors.

All lunatics to be visited four times a year.

Visitors to report to Lord Chancellor.

Visitors reports to be kept secret, and destroyed on death, &c.

154

Committee may surrender lease, and accept renewal.

Charges of renewal to be charged on estates.

New leases to be to the same uses.

Lunatic's property may be sold, mortgaged, &c., for debts, maintenance, & Cf

Or. SB. Lunacy Regulation {Iiutorufy 34 Vict.

BO. Where a lunatic is entitled to a lease for a lili or lives or for a term of years, -either absolute or determinable on a death or otherwise, the committee of his estate may, in his name and on his behalf, under an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, by deed surrender the lease, and in the name and on behalf and for the benefit of the lunatic accept a new lease of the premises comprised in the lease surrendered, for such number of lives, or for such tern of years, either absolute or determinable as aforesaid, as was mentioned or contained in the lease surrendered at the making thereof, or otherwise, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

fiL Every sum of money and other consideration paid by a committee or other person, in the nature of or as & fine, premium, or income upon renewal, and all reasonable charges incident thereto, may be paid out of the lunatic's estate, or may, with interest, be a charge upon the leasehold premises, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

62. Every lease renewed shall operate and be to the same uses, and be liable to the same trusts, charges, incumbrances, dispositions, devises, and conditions as the lease surrendered was subject to, or would have been subject to if the surrender had not been made.

63. Where it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be just and reasonable, or for the lunatics benefit, he may order that any estate or interest of the lunatic in land or stock, either in possession, reversion, remainder, contingency, or expectancy, be sold, or charged by way of mortgage, or otherwise disposed of, as may to him seem most expedient, for the purpose of raising money to be applied, and may accordingly order that the money when raised be applied, for or towards all or any of the purposes following:

1. The payment of the lunatic s debts or engagements;

2. The discharge of any incumbrance on his estates;

3. The payment of any debt or expenditure incurred or

made after inquisition, or Authorised by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be incurred or made, for the lunatic's maintenance or otherwise for his benefit;

4. The payment of or provision for the expenses of iis

future maintenance;

5. The payment of the costs of applying for, obtaining, and

executing the inquiry, and of opposing the same;

6. The payment of the costs of any proceeding under os

consequent on the inquisition, or incurred under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid; and,

7. The payment of the costs of any such sale, mortgage,

charge, or other deposition as is hereby authorised to be made.

And the committee of the estate may and shall, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, execute, make, and do all-such

1871. iMncwyi Reflation* (Ivdamd^ Cb. SSL 155

oanveyaaees, deeds, transfers, and things relative to any such sale, mortgage, charge, or other disposition as aforesaid, and for effectuating this present provision, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

64. Where it appeals to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for the lunatic's benefit, he may by order direct any estate or interest of the lunatic in land or stock, either in possession, reversion, remainder, contingency, or expectancy, and either existing or which may exist at any future time, to stand and be charged with any moneys advanced or to be advanced, or due or to become due, to any person for or in respect of any of the purposes or matters mentioned in the 69th section of this Act, and either with or without interest on such moneys; and he may also by order direct any such estate and interest to be dealt with and disposed of in such manner as he shall consider expedient for any of the purposes aforesaid, or for securing any moneys advanced or to be advanced for such purposes or any of them, and with or without interest for the same; and every charge and disposition directed or made by or in pursuance of any Such order shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes and shall take effect accordingly, subject only to any prior charge to which the estate or interest affected thereby may at the date of such order be subject.

65. In case of a charge or mortgage being made under this Act upon an interest in contingency, or in reversion, remainder, or expectancy, for the expenses of future maintenance, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may direct the same to be payable and paid either contingently, if the interest charged be a contingent one, or upon the happening of the event, if the interest be depending on an event which must happen, and either in a gross sum or in annual or other periodical sums, and at such times, in such manner, and either with or without interest, as he shall deem expedient, and any charge already made which would have been valid if made after this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be valid *

Power to charge lunatic's property for his maintenance, debts, and costa.

Modes in which future maintenance may be charged when interest not in possession.

601 Where it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as Expenses of aforesaid to be for the lunatic's benefit, he may order that ^b^char^d the whole or any part of any moneys expended or to be ex- on estate, pended under his order for the permanent improvement* security, or advantage of the land of the lunatic, or of any particular part thereof, shall, with interest, be a charge upon and be raiseable out of the lunatic's estate and interest in the land or such particular part thereof as aforesaid, but so that no right of sale or foreclosure during the lifetime of the lunatic be given or acquired under or by virtue of the charge; and the interest shall be kept down during the lunatic's lifetime, out of the income of his general estate, as far as the same shall be sufficient to bear it; and the committee of the estate may and shall, in the name and on

Surplus of moneys to be of the same nature as the estate.

behalf of the lunatic, execute and do all such conveyance and things for effectuating this present provision as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order; and such charge may be made either to some person advancing the money or, if the money is paid out of the lunatic's general property, to some person as a trustee for him, as part of his personal estate.

67. On any moneys being raised by sale, mortgage, charge, or other disposition of land made in pursuance of any of the foregoing provisions, the person whose estate is sold, mortgaged, charged, or otherwise disposed of, and his heirs, next of kin, devisees, legatees, executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have such and the like interest in the surplus moneys remaining after the purposes for which the moneys have been raised shall have been answered as he or they would have had in the estate, if no sale, mortgage, charge, or othw disposition thereof had been made, and the surplus moneys shall be of the same nature and character as the estate sold, mort

gaged, charged, or otherwise disposed of; and the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may make such orders, and direct such conveyances, deeds, and things to be executed and done (which may and shall accordingly be executed and done), as may be necessary for the effectuating this present provision, and for the due application of the surplus moneys.

Power to Lord 68. Where it is established to the satisfaction of the Lord

Chancellor, where property of lunatic does not exceed £2,000 in value, or £100 per annum, to apply it for his benefit in a summary manner, without inquisition.

Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid that any person is of unsound mind and incapable of managing his affairs, and that his property does not exceed two thousand pounds in value, or that the income thereof does not exceed one hundred pounds per annum, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, without directing any inquiry under a commission of lunacy, make such order as he may consider expedient for the purpose of rendering the property of such person, or the income thereof, available for his maintenance or benefit, or for carrying on his trade or business; provided nevertheless, that the alleged insane person shall have such personal notice of the application for such order as aforesaid as the Lord Chancellor shall by

Power to sell land or other property of lunatic for his benefit.

general order to be made as after mentioned direct.

69. For the purpose of giving effect to any such order as is mentioned in the last preceding section, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may order any land, stock, or other property of such person as aforesaid to be sold, charged by way of mortgage, or otherwise disposed of, and a conveyance, transfer, charge, or other disposition thereof to be executed or made by any person on his behalf, and may order the proceeds of any such sale, charge, or other disposition, or the dividends or income of such land, stock, or property, to be paid to any relative of such insane person, or to such other person as it may be considered proper to trust with the application thereof, to be by him applied in the maintenance or for the benefit of the insane person, or of him and his family, either at the discretion of such relative or person, or in such

1871. Lxmacy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22. 157

manner, and subject to such control, and with or without such security for the application thereof, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may direct; and for the purpose above mentioned the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall have all the same powers with respect to the transfer, sale, and disposition of, and otherwise respecting the real and personal property of such person as aforesaid as if he had been found lunatic by inquisition.

70. Where any person has, on the trial of any indictment* Power to apply been acquitted on the ground of insanity, or found to be insane, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor intrusted as quitted on the aforesaid, on being satisfied by affidavit or otherwise of the ground «f in-, continued insanity of such person and of his being still in eir

confinement, to make any Such order with respect to the property of such person, mid the application thereof for his maintenance or benefit, or that of his family, or for carrying on his trade or business, as is mentioned in the two last preceding sections of this Act.

7L Where it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as Where lunacy aforesaid that there is reason to believe that the unsoundness of mind of any lunatic so found by inquisition is in its nature ceiior may temporary, and will probably be soon removed, and that it is apply cash expedient that temporary provision should be made for the maintenance of the lunatic, or of the.lunatic and the members porary main-of his immediate family who are dependent upon him for tenance, with-maintenance; and that any sum of money arising from or 0ttt graut'&c* being in the nature of income or of ready money, belonging to the lunatic, and standing to his account with a banker or agent, or being in the hands of any person for his use, is readily available, and may be safely and properly applied in that behalf, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may allow thereout such amount as he may think proper for the temporary maintenance of the lunatic, or of the lunatic and the members of his immediate family who are dependent upon him for maintenance, and may, instead of proceeding to appoint a committee of his estate or receiver, order or give liberty for the payment of any such sum of money as aforesaid, or any part thereof, to such person as he may, under the circumstances of the case, think proper to intrust with the application thereof, and may direct the same to be paid to such person accordingly, and when received, to be applied, and the same shall accordingly be applied in or towards such temporary maintenance as aforesaid; and the receipts in writing of the person named in the order to whom payment is to be made for any moneys payable to him by virtue thereof shall effectually discharge the banker, agent, or other person paying the same from the moneys therein respectively expressed to be received, and they respectively are hereby directed to act upon and obey every such order; and the person so receiving any moneys by virtue of this present provision shall pass an account thereof before the master, when required.

Ch. 22.

Lunacy Regulation (Ireland).

34 Vict.

Lord Chancellor may dissolve partnership, and

Committee may 72. Where a person having contracted to sell, mortgage rafomian*e of ^change, or otherwise dispose of any land after-

contr^te?06 ° wards becomes lunatic, and the contract is not disputed, and is such as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid think ought to be performed, or a specific performance of the contract, either wholly: or so far as the same remains to be performed, has been decreed or ordered by the Court of Chancery, either before or after the lunacy, the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, on the application of the party claiming the benefit of the contract with the lunatic; or any plaintiff in the suit, receive and give an effectual discharge for the money payable to the lunatic, or 60 much thereof as remains unpaid, and make such conveyance of the land to such person and in such manner as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may order.

73. Where a person, being a member of a co-partnership firm, becomes lunatic, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, by order made on the application of the partner or

committee may partners of the lunatic, or of such other person or persons as shi^propert^- Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall think entitled to require the same, dissolve the partnership; and thereupon, or upon a dissolution of the partnership by decree of the Court of Chancery, or otherwise by due course of law, the committee of the estate, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, may join and concur with such other person or persons in disposing of the partnership property, as well real as personal, to such persons, upon such terms, and in such manner, and may and shall execute and do such conveyances and things for effectuating this present provision, and apply the moneys payable to the lunatic in respect of his share and interest in the copartnership, in such manner as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

74. Where a lunatic is seised of or entitled to an undivided share of land, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for his benefit and to be expedient that a pale of the land, or part thereof, or a partition of the land, should be made, and where a lunatic is seised of or entitled to land, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for his benefit and to be expedient that an exchange thereof, or of part thereof, for other land, should be made, the committee of the estate, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, may concur with such other person in making such sale or partition or may make such exchange, and receive such moneys payable on the sale, and give or receive such moneys for equality of partition or exchange, or otherwise in relation thereto, as the order may direct; and all moneys received by the committee of the estate upon any such sale; partition, or exchange as aforesaid shall be applied and disposed ofin manner directed in section eighty-five of this Act respect-

Committee may make sale, partition, or exchange.

1871. Lunacy Regulation {Ii^cland). Ch. 22, 169

ing the fines, premiums, and sums of money therein mentioned; and the land taken in exchange shall be held and assured (as nearly as may be) to the same uses, and upon the same trusts, and subject to the Bame powers and provisions (if any), to, upon, and subject to which the land given in exchange was held; and the committee of the estate may and shall, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, execute and do all such conveyances and things for effectuating this present provision as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

75. Where a lunatic is seised of or entitled to land in fee Committee may simple, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as ^ldin* aforesaid to be for his benefit that the same or any part thereof p0ses. should be made available for building purposes, and that to

that end the same should, in lieu of being demised for long terms of years, be absolutely sold, he may order the same to be sold accordingly, to such persons, in such quantities, upon such terms, and in such manner as to him may seem expedient, and the moneys arising thereby shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed in section eighty-five of this Act respecting the surplus moneys therein mentioned; and the committee of the estate may and shall, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, execute and do all such conveyances and things for effectuating this present provision as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

76. Where a lunatic has been engaged in a trade or business, Committee may and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to a^8^u^ess be for the benefit of the lunatic or his estate that the business

premises should be disposed of, the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, make such conveyance of the messuages, buildings, or hereditaments of or belonging to the trade or business, or used in connexion therewith, according to the lunatic's estate and interest in the same, to such person, and shall apply the moneys arising thereby in such manner, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

77. Where a lunatic is entitled to a lease for a life or lives Committee may or for a term of years, either absolute or determinable on a

death or otherwise, or to an under-lease, of whatsoever nature, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be desirable and for the benefit of the lunatic or his estate that the lease or under-lease should be disposed of, the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, surrender, assign, or otherwise dispose of the lease or under-lease, to such person, for such valuable or nominal or other consideration, upon such terms, by such conveyances, and in such manner, and shall apply the moneys (if any) arising thereby in such manner, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

Committee may make building and other leases, subject to such covenants as Lord Chancellor shall order.

78. Where a lunatic is seised or possessed of or entitled to land in fee or in tail, or to leasehold land for an absolute interest, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for his benefit that a lease or under-lease should be made thereof for terms of years, for encouraging the erection of buildings thereon, or for repairing buildings actually being thereon, or otherwise improving the same, or for farming or other purposes, the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, make such lease of the land, or any part thereof, according to the lunatic's estate and interest therein, and to the nature of the tenure thereof for such term or terms of years, and subject to such rents and covenants, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

Committee may make leases of mines already opened.

Committee may, where necessary for maintenance of lunatic, or expedient, make leases of mines unopened.

Lord Chancellor, in matters of lunacy, enabled to empower committees of estates to grant

79. Where a lunatic is seised or possessed of or entitled to land in fee or in tail, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for his benefit that any mine or quarry already opened in, upon, or under the land should be worked, the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, make such lease of the mines, quarries, minerals, stones, and substances in, upon, or under the land, either with or without any land convenient to be held therewith, and with or without the surface, to such person, for such term or terms of years, and subject to such rents, royalties, reservations, covenants, and agreements, and in such manner and form, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

80. Where a lunatic is seised or possessed of or entitled to land in fee or in tail, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid either to be necessary for the maintenance of the lunatic and the members of his immediate fan%, for whom provision is directed to be made, or to be expedient in a due course of management, that any mine or quarry, being in, upon, or under the land, should be opened and worked, the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, make such lease of the mines, quarries, minerak, stones, and substances in, upon, or under the land, although not already opened or worked, and either with or without any land convenient to be held therewith, and with or without the surface, to such person, for such term or terms of years, and subject to such rents, royalties, reservations, covenants, and agreements, and in such manner and form, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order.

8L Where a lunatic is seised of or entitled to land in tail, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for his benefit, the committee of the estate may in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, make any such leases of the

1871. jAinaoy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22. 161

land or any part thereof ad in the last three preceding sections leases binding

of this Act are mentioned, and every such lease shall be good 011 or

and effectual in law against the lunatic and his heirs, and all remam ennen *

persons claiming the lands entailed by force of any estate tail

which shall be vested in such lunatic, and also against all persons, including the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her

heirs and successors, whose estates are to take effect after the

determination of or in remainder or reversion expectant upon

such estate tail, according to such estate as is comprised and specified in every such lease, in like manner as the same would

have been good and effectual in law if the lunatic at the time

of the making of such leases had been lawfully seised of the same lands comprised in such lease of a pure estate in fee

simple to his own use, and had been of sound mind, and not

the subject of a commission of lunacy, and had himself granted

such lease; and every person to whom from time to time the

reversion expectant upon the lease shall belong after the death

of the lunatic shall and may have such and the like remedies

and advantages, to all intents and purposes, against the lessee,

his executors, administrators, and assigns, as the lunatic or

his committee would or might have had against him or them.

82. Where the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid makes Produce of any such order as in and by the eightieth section is authorised newly-opened to be made, by reason of its appearing to him to be necessary for the maintenance of the lunatic and such members of his l^smain-immediate family as aforesaid, that the mine or quarry should tenance, to be be opened and worked, then the moneys arising thereby shall ^herw^to be applied in or towards such maintenance as aforesaid, in such be carried to manner as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall separate ac-dinect; but in such case the surplus thereof, and in every other ^ered real ease all the moneys so arising, shall be carried to a separate estate, account, and may be applied for or towards all or any of the purposes for which moneys are herein-before authorised to be raised by sale of the lunatic's estate, or in such other manner for the lunatic's benefit as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall direct; and upon the lunatic's death the moneys remaining on the credit of such separate account shall, as between the representatives of his real and of his personal estate, be considered as real estate.

. 83. Where a lunatic has a limited estate only in land, and Committee may

any power whatsoever of leasing the same is vested in him, ^*c^01/asing

the committee of his estate may and shall from time to time, haring

in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under order of the limited estate.

Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, execute the power, to

such extent and in such manner as the order shall direct*; and

all fines, premiums, and sums of money (if any) received for or upon the granting of any lease under this present provision

shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed in section

eighty-five of this Act, respecting the fines, premiums, and

sums of money therein mentioned.

Committee may accept surrender, and make new lease.

Ch. 22.

Lwnaey Regulation (Ireland).

34 Vic£

Fines, how to be paid.

On death of lunatic, quality of money arising by fines.

Committee may exercise power vested in lunatic for his own benefit or give consent.

Committee may exercise power vested in lunatic in character of trustee or guardian, &c.

84. Where a lunatic is entitled or has a right to renew, and either it would be for his benefit to renew, or he might, in pursuance of any covenant or agreement, if not tinder disability, be compelled to renew, a lease made for life or lives, or for a term of years, either absolute or determinable on a death or otherwise, the committee of his estate may in his name, under an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, upon the application of the committee, or of any person entitled to the renewal, accept a surrender of the lease, and make and execute a new lease, of the premises comprised in the lease surrendered, for such number of lives, or for such term or terms of years determinable upon such number of lives, or for such term or terms of years absolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in the lease surrendered at the making thereof, or otherwise as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order, but so that no renewed lease be executed by virtue of this Act, in pursuance of any covenant or agreement, unless the fine (if any) or such other sum of money (if any) as ought to be paid on renewal, and such things (if any) as ought to be performed in pursuance of the covenant or agreement by the lessee or tenant, be first paid and performed, and a counterpart be duly executed by the lessee.

85. All fines, premiums, and sums of money received upon renewal shall, after deduction of all necessary incidental charges and expenses, be paid to the committee of the estate, and be applied for the lunatic's benefit as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall order; but upon the lunatic's death all such moneys as have arisen by such fines, premiums, or sums of money, or so much thereof as then remains unapplied for his benefit, shall, as between the representatives of his real and of his personal estate, be considered as real estate, unless the lunatic be tenant for life only, and then the same shall be considered as personal estate.

86. Where a power is vested in a lunatic for his own benefit, or the consent of a lunatic is necessary to the exercise of a power, and such power of consent is in the nature of a beneficial interest in the lunatic, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be for the lunatic's benefit, and also to be expedient, that the power should be exercised or the consent given (as the case may be), the committee of the estate may, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, made upon the application of the committee of the estate, exercise the ppwer or give the consent, as the case may be, in such manner as the order shall direct.

87. Where a power is vested in a lunatic in the character of trustee or guardian, or the consent of a lunatic to the exercise of a power is necessary in the like character, or as a check upon the undue exercise of the power, and it appears to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid to be fit and

1871.

Lunacy Regulation (Ireland).

Ch. 22,

163

expedient that the power should be exercised, or the consent giyem (as the case may be), the committee of the estate, in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, under an order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, made upon the application of any person interested in the exercise of the power, may exercise the power, or give the consent, as the ease may be, in such manner as the order shall direct.

88. Where under this Act the committee of the estate, under order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, exercises in the name and on behalf of the lunatic, a power of appointing new trustees vested in the lunatic, the person or persons who shall, after and in consequence of the exercise of the power, be the trustee or trustees shall have all the same rights and powers as he or they would have had if the order had also been made by the Court of Chancery, under the Trustee Act, 1850, or any Act amending the same, or if he or they had been appointed by decree of that Court in a suit duly instituted; and the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may in any such case, where it seems to him to be for the lunatic's benefit, and also expedient, make any and every such order respecting the land or stock or choses in action subject to the trust as might have been made in the same case under the provisions of the Trustee Act, 1850, or any Act amending the same, on the appointment thereunder of a new trustee or new trustees.

89. Every surrender, lease, agreement, deed, conveyance, mortgage, or other disposition granted, accepted, made, or executed by virtue of this Act shall be as valid and legal to all intents and purposes as if the person in whose name or place or on whose behalf the same was granted, accepted, made, or executed had been of sound mind, and had granted, accepted, made, or executed the same.

90. Where any stock is standing in the name of or is vested in a lunatic beneficially entitled thereto, or is standing in the name of or vested in a committee of the estate of a lunatic, in trust for the lunatic, or as part of his property, and the committee dies intestate, or himself becomes lunatic, or is out of the jurisdiction of or not amenable to the process of the Court of Chancery, or it is uncertain whether the committee be living or dead, or he neglects or refuses to transfer the stock, and to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, to a new committee, or as he directs, for the space of fourteen days next after a request in writing for that purpose made by a new committee, then the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may order some fit person to transfer the stock to or into the name of a new committee, or into the name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, or such sum or sums of money and in such manner as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may order.

Appointment of new trustees under power to have effect of appointments by Court of Chancery, and like orders may be made as under Trustee Act, 1850.

Deeds, &c. executed under this Act to be as valid as if lunatic had been of Bound mind.

Stock belonging to lunatic may be ordered to be transferred.

164 22. Lunacy Regulation (IvdanxL). 34 Yifcrr.

Stock in name 9L Where any stock, or any portion of the capital stock, of lunatic re- or any share of any company or society, whether transferable Ireland may *n kooks or otherwise, is standing in Ireland in the name of be ordered to and beneficially vested in a person residing out of Ireland, the be transferred. Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, upon proof to his satisfaction that the person has been declared idiot, lunatic, or of unsound mind, and that his personal estate has been vested in a curator or other person appointed for the management thereof, according to the laws of the place where he is residing, may order some fit person to make such transfer of the stock, or such portion of the capital stock or share as aforesaid, or any part or parts thereof respectively, to nr into the name of the curator or other person appointed as aforesaid, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may think fit.

Who shall be 92. Where an order is made under this Act for the transfer appointed to of stock, the person to be named in the order for making the e tran er. shall ^e some proper officer of the company or society

in whose books the transfer is to be made; and where the transfer is to be made in books kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, the officer to be named shall be the secretary, or deputy secretary, or accountant general, or deputy accountant general for the time being of the said governor or company.

All deeds, 93. Every conveyance, transfer, charge, or other disposition

mrats"&cPay ma^e or executed. by virtue of this Act, and every payment in pur- made in pursuance of this Act, shall be valid to all intents, suance of this and binding upon all persons whomsoever; and this Act shall Ac* *? valld be a full indemnity and discharge to the Governor and Com-

onn hlnninor O

pany of the Bank of Ireland, their officers and servants, and all other persons respectively, for all acts and things done or permitted to be done in pursuance thereof, or of any order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid made or purporting to be made under this Act; and such acts and things respectively shall not be questioned or impeached in any court of law or equity to their detriment.

94. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may order the costs and expenses of and relating to the petitions, applications, orders, directions, conveyances, and transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to be paid and raised out of or from the land or stoek, or the rents er dividends in respect of which the same respectively shall be made, in such manner as he may think proper.

95. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to subject any part of a lunatics property to the debts or demands of his creditors, further or otherwise than as the same is now subject thereto by due course of law.

96. The powers and authorities given by (his Act to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall extend to all land

Indemnity to the Bank of Ireland, &c.

Costs may be pud out of estate.

Act not to subject lunatic's property to debts.

Powers to extend to colonies, &c.

1871. lunacy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22. 165

and stock 'within any of the dominions, plantations, and colonies of Her Majesty (except England, Wales, and Scotland). Traverse.

97. Any person desiring to traverse may, within the three -

months next after the day of the return of the inquisition, ^etitions foF

v x 7 trflvprRP tA hp

present a petition for that purpose to the Lord Chancellor presented intrusted as aforesaid, who is hereby required to hear and within a limited determine the petition, and shall, in his order upon it for a time* traverse, limit a time, not exceeding six months from the date of the order, within which the person desiring to traverse, and all other proper parties, are to proceed to trial of the traverse, and who may by the same or any other order direct that the person desiring to traverse, not being the person the object of the inquisition, shall, within the three weeks next after the date of the order, give sufficient security to and to the satisfaction of the master for all proper parties proceeding to trial within the time to be limited as aforesaid.

98. Every person having right to traverse who shall not Persons not within the time herein-before limited present his petition for

that purpose, or who shall refuse or neglect to give such security as aforesaid, or who shall not proceed to tnal within limited time the time to be limited as aforesaid, and his heirs, executors, barred* and administrators, and all others claiming by, through, or under him, shall be absolutely barred of his and their right of traverse, unless the Lard Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall, under the special circumstances of any particular case, think fifc> upon petition for that purpose, to allow the traverse to be had or tried after the time by this Act limited, in all which special cases the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may make such orders as to him shall serai just.

98* If the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid be dis- Lord Chan-satisfied with the verdict returned upon a traverse, he may ceiior may di-order one or more new trial or trials thereon, as to him shall rect new tna s* seem meet, and as is usual in cases of issues directed by the Court of Chancery, but no person shall be admitted to traverse travereeTftener oftater than once. than once.

100* The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may from Lord Chantime to time, after the return of the inquisition, or the issue ^Jwiu^nd directed pursuant to the power contained in the sixteenth ^traverse, - section of this Act, and notwithstanding a petition or order make orders depending relative to a traverse or new trial, make such for ordeiaand do such acts relative to the custody and commit- ^destate.^011 meat of the person, and the commitment, management, and application of the estates and effects of the person, the object of the inquisition, as he shall think necessary or proper (inclusive of the imposition and levying of fees and percentage as herein provided); and all things done by any person appointed committee of the person or estate, or by any other person, shall be as valid and effectual, and all committees and other persons respectively, and their respective heirs, executors, and administrators, are hereby indemnified in respect of all such things as aforesaid from and

166 Ch. 22L Lunacy fygulctfioto (Irdamd). 34 Victl

against all actions, suits, and proceedings, damages, costs, charges, and expenses, to be brought, commenced, had, or recovered by the person the object of the inquisition, his heirs, executors, or administrators, or any other person whomsoever, as fully and effectually as if the inquisition had not been traversable, but no further or otherwise.

No traverse of 101. No person shall be entitled to a traverse of any made b^one of inquisition made pursuant to the power contained in the six* the judges of teenth section of this Act, under any such order as aforesaid the superior had upon the oath of a jury but it shall be lawful for the bya k°rc* Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, if he shall think fit, granted, but upon a petition being presented to him within three months new trial may next after the trial of any such issue, to order that a new trial Ae°l^rdChL- ^ssue or a nCW inquiry made as to the

ceiior. insanity of such person, subject to such directions and upon

such conditions as to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may seem proper.

Commission 102. If it shall appear to the Lord Chancellor that it is not ttZSZ expedient or for the benefit of the lunatic that the Cammisr ditions. sion should be unconditionally superseded, but that same

should be superseded on terms and conditions, he may, upon the consent of the lunatic and such other persons* if any, whose consent he may deem necessary, order the Commission to be superseded upon such terms and conditions as he shall think proper.

Power to ap- 103. When it is established to the satisfaction of the Lord pomtagu^dian Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid that any person is of weak weak mind. mind and temporarily incapable of managing his affairs, and two certificates to that effect shall have been given, each of which shall be signed by a legally qualified medical practitioner, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, in a summary way, and without directing any inquiry under a | commission of lunacy, by an order to be made in the matter of such person of weak mind, appoint a guardian of the person and property or of the property of such person of weak mind, and shall, in and by such order, specify the nature and extent of the powers to be exercised by such guardian in respect of the person and property of such person of weak mind, and may generally make such order as he may consider expedient for the purpose of rendering the property of such person or the income thereof available for the maintenance or benefit, or for carrying cm the trade or business, or for the support, maintenance, or education of the family of such person of weak mind, and to provide for the costs incident to such petition and the proceedings to he had thereon, i

provided that the alleged person of weak mind shall have such personal notice of the application for such order as aforesaid, and every application for any such order shall be supported by such evidence as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall, by any general order to be made as hereinafter mentioned, direct.

1871. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22. 167

104. No order, when made under the preceding section. No order to shall be of any force and validity beyond the period of six £ave validity calendar months from the date thereof nor shall any such months, order be by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid renewed more than once, and every such order shall contain a direction to the medical visitor to visit such person of weak

mind, as being an alleged lunatic, at such times and such manner as to the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may seem fit and necessary, and the report of the medical visitor to be made pursuant to such direction shall be filed, and may be proceeded upon according to the provisions to that effect herein-before contained.

105. Every guardian to be appointed under the two pre- Guardian to ceding sections by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid monthly shall file in the office of the registrar a monthly account and account8, report of all the moneys, rents, dividends, and other property

of the person of weak mind by him received or expended, and how the same was applied, and of every act, deed, and thing done by him as such guardian in relation to the person or property of such person, and every such guardian may be compelled to account and to pay the balance to be found due by him in any such account in the same manner as if he had been appointed to be a receiver, regularly appointed in a matter of lunacy by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid; provided always, that all such accounts shall be taken and vouched by and before the registrar, unless the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall by any order specially direct that any such account shall be taken and vouched by or before the master.

106. The hearing of any petition presented under the one Hearing of

hundred and third section of this Act, and every proceeding petition for to be subsequently had in any such matter, whether before *

the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, or the master,

shall be heard and disposed of privately in camerA

107. Every conveyance, transfer, charge, or other dispor Conveyances, sition, made or executed by any guardian of a person of transfers, &c. weak mind in pursuance of any order to be made by the ^dLntobe Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, under and by virtue valid.

of the powers contained in the one hundred and third section of this Act, shall be valid to all intents, and binding upon all persons whatsoever; and this Act shall be full indemnity and discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, their officers and servants, and all other officers respectively, for all acts and things done or permitted to be done in pursuance of any order of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, made or purporting to be made under the said one hundred and third section of this Act; and such acts and things, respectively, shall not be questioned or impeached in any court of law or equity, to their detriment.

108. After the death, dismissal, resignation, or retirement Appointment from office of the present registrar, or any future registrar, ^l, |ture regifl"

Ch. 22.

Lunacy Regulation (Ireland).

34 Vict.

Annual percentage to be charged on estates of lunatics.

Master to certify the amount of the clear annual income of each lunatic.

the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may by writing under his hand appoint a fit and proper person to fulfil the office and to be the registrar, and such person when, as aforesaid, appointed to be registrar, shall hold his office during good behaviour, and may be removed therefrom by the Lord Chancellor in case of misconduct or neglect in the discharge of his duties, or being disabled from performing the same.

109. And whereas it would greatly facilitate and simplify the practice in lunacy and would be attended with convenience that the charges incident to the lunacy office and the administration of the estates of lunatics should be defrayed, except as herein-after mentioned, by means of a percentage graduated in an equitable manner as between richer and poorer estates in part: Be it enacted as follows: —

A percentage on the respective dear annual incomes of all lunatics shall be paid according to the several rates following; that is to say, —

1. The rate of two pounds ten shillings per centum for each annual income amounting to one hundred pounds and not amounting to five hundred pounds, but so that no larger sum be payable in any such case in any one year than ten pounds:

The rate of three pounds per centum for each annual income amounting to five hundred pounds and not amounting to one thousand pounds, but so that no larger sum be payable in such case in any one year than twenty pounds:

The rate of four pounds per centum for each annual income amounting to one thousand pounds or upwards, but so that no larger sum be payable in such case in any one year than one hundred and fifty pounds: in every case the fractional parts less than one moiety of the pound sterling shall be disregarded in the calculation of the amount of the percentage and shall not be levied or paid.

110. The master shall from time to time certify in each case what is the amount of each such clear annual income as aforesaid, and of the percentage payable thereon, and such certificate shall thereupon be filed in the office of the registrar, and the registrar shall thereupon cause an office copy of such order to be deposited in the office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery shall thereupon and without further order transfer, or cause to be transferred in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, such sum or amount of the cash or stock then 'or next after standing, or to stand, in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to the credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and the separate credit of the matter of the lunatic, as shall be equal to the amount of the percentage specified in the certificate of the master aforesaid

2.

3.

And

1871. Lanacy Regulation (Ireland). Ch. 22. 169

from such credit as aforesaid to the credit of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and the separate credit of the lunacy fund.

Ill- The percentage aforesaid, or a proper proportionate Percentage to part thereof (as the case may require), shall be chargeable b P"d and charged upon the estate of a lunatic, and be payable ^ath> &c ng thereout* although before payment thereof he die, or the before pay-inquisition in his case be superseded, or be vacated and dis- ment* charged on a traverse; but in either of the two cases last aforesaid the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, if he see fit, remit or reduce the amount of the sum to be paid; and the payment of the amount in every case shall be enforced in such manner and under such regulations as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall from time to time direct.

112. The Lord Chancellor may, by order, from time to Power to Lord

time reduce the several rates of percentage aforesaid or any 10

of them, and again, if it shall seem to hum. expedient, from centagTand time to time raise the same several rates or any of them, fees.

but not to rates higher than those respectively herein-before prescribed, and also may, by order, from time to time vary or abolish the fees now received in the lunacy office, or any of them, or other the fees for the time being payable in relation to proceedings in lunacy, or any of them, and, if and when it shall seem to him necessary or expedient, fix and impose other fees, or fees of altered amount, and make such orders, rules, and regulations relative to the mode of levying, receiving, and accounting for and generally in respect of such percentage and fees as to him at any time or from time to time may seem fit; provided always, that the fees receivable in the lunacy office shall not nor shall any of them be increased beyond their present scale.

113. Where it is made to appear to the Lord Chancellor Power to intrusted as aforesaid that the net amount or net estimated exempt small value of the property of a lunatic does not exceed the sum prop6*8-of seven hundred pounds sterling in respect of the corpus

thereof, or the sum of fifty pounds sterling per annnm in respect of the income thereof, he may order (if he shall think fit) that no fee shall be taken or paid, or percentage be levied or paid, in relation to the proceedings in the matter or the property, as from the date of the order or such other time as he shall direct, during the continuance of the lunacy or until further order.

114. All the foregoing provisions respecting fees and per- Provisions centage shall be applicable to the proceedings in the matter respecting per-of and to the property of a lunatic under the protection of fees^appfy the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, by virtue of pro- to cases under ceedings taken under the provisions of this Act relative to 8 *Q9 Vict the protection of persons of weak mind, and also to the certain cases° proceedings in the matter of and to the property of a lunatic where lunatic

170 Ch. 22* Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). S4. Vict.

is out of juris- under the protection of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as diction. aforesaid by virtue of the transmission of the record of an inquisition from England, and its entry of record in the Chancery of Ireland, and also to the proceedings in the matter of and to the property of a person residing out of Ireland, and declared idiot, lunatic, or of unsound mind, according to the laws of the place where he is residing, where the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid makes an order affecting the stock or any portion of the capital stock or shares of such person as last aforesaid or dividends thereof; and the aforesaid provisions shall be applied to the several classes of cases mentioned in this present section in such manner and under such regulations as the Lord Chancellor shall from time to time order, but so that no percentage he levied or paid in either of the two last-mentioned cases, except in respect of income arising from property being within the jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid, and being administered by him or under his authority and direction.

Lord Chan- U5. The Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, by dhlct^uities any general order, declare that annuities or salaries of such to be paid to amount, upon such terms and subject to such conditions as registrars, &c. are therein specified, shall be paid to the registrar and the clerks and officers employed or to be employed in the lunacy office, and also that such compensation for services rendered, and costs and expenses of any such proceedings to be instituted pursuant to the provisions of this Act as shall be therein specified, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions therein mentioned, shall be paid to the medical visitors, and the legal visitors, and the solicitor for minors and lunatics, and shall and may by any special order, if he shall so think fit, order, but subject to such conditions as to him shall seem fit, to be paid to any registrar, officer, or clerk who shall have served for twenty years in the office of lunacy, and who shall be above sixty years of age and shall be desirous of retiring, or who shall be disqualified by permanent infirmity from the performance of his duties, such superannuation allowance, not exceeding two thirds of the annuity or salary payable to such registrar, officer, or clerk at the time of his resignation, as the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may approve: Provided always, that each of the clerks and officials of the lunacy office, until and unless the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid declare that an annuity or salary shall be paid to him, shall have, enjoy, and receive the fees, emoluments, And profits previous to the passing of this Act enjoyed and received by him; and provided also, that until and unless the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid shall declare that an annuity or salary shall be paid to him, the registrar shall have, receive, take, and enjoy all the fees, profits, payments, and emoluments now received, taken, and enjoyed by the clerk of the custodies of lunatics and idiots.

lunacy Regulation (Ireland).

Ch. 22.

116. All annuities and salaries ordered to be paid in pursuance of the preceding section of this Act shall be payable out of the lunacy fund mentioned in the one hundred and tenth section of this Act, and at the times and in the manner to be specified in any general or special order directing the payment: Provided always, that every such annuity or salary payable by Virtue of any general or special order to be made in virtue of the last preceding section shall be paid to and received by the person to whom the same shall be payable in substitution for and in lieu of such fees (if any) which he at the date of such order was in virtue of his office entitled to receive, and thenceforward, from the date of such general or special order, the fees which the person to whom such annuity or salary as aforesaid shall have been granted would have been entitled to receive shall by him from time to time, and at such time and manner as in the order granting him such salary shall direct, be paid in by him into the bank of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, to the credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and the separate credit of the lunacy fund.

117. Notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid may, by any general or special order, direct that any expenses incident to the lunacy office other than any annuity or salary to be granted pursuant to the powers in the two last preceding sections of this Act contained, be paid out of the fees of the lunacy office, and also that any remuneration for services to be rendered by the medical visitors or legal visitors, the solicitor for minors and lunatics, in connexion with any lunatic, or any expenditure connected with the management of the estate of any lunatic, shall be paid out and borne by the estate of such lunatic.

118. The Lord Chancellor may from time to time make such orders as to him shall seem meet for carrying into effect the purposes of this Act, and for regulating the form and mode of proceeding before and by the masters and the practice in matters in lunacy, and for regulating the duties and powers of the several officers in lunacy, and, so far as to him may seem expedient, for altering the course of proceeding hereinbefore prescribed in respect of the matters to which this Act relates, or any of them; and any such order as aforesaid may be from time to time rescinded or varied by the like authority; and every such order as aforesaid which shall alter the course of proceeding herein-before prescribed in respect of the matters to which this Act relates, or any of them, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days after the making thereof, if Parliament be then assembled, and if not then within fourteen days after the meeting of Parliament then next following; and if either House of Parliament shall, by resolution, passed within thirty-six days next after any such order as aforesaid has been laid before it, resolve that the

171

Annuities and salaries to be in lieu of fees.

Lord Chancellor may direct office expenses, &c. to be paid out of the fees.

General

Orders.

Power to Lord Chancellor to make general orders.

172 Ch. 22. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland). 34 Vict.

whole or any part thereof ought not to continue in force, in that case the whole order or the part of the order specified in the resolution (as the case may be) shall from and after the passing of the resolution cease to be binding.

The several Acts of Parliament mentioned in the first schedule hereto shall be, and the same are hereby repealed to the extent specified concerning the same Acts respectively in the third column of the said schedule, but so that the validity of any proceeding taken or pending under the said Acts, or any of them, before or at the commencement of this Act, shall not be taken away, diminished, or injuriously affected.

SCHEDULE I.

Names of Acts.

Title of Act.

Sections repealed.

15 Ch. 1. c. 53. 6 Geo. 4. c. 53.

1 W. 4. c. 65.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 17.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 48.

An Act touching the finding of officers before escheators, &c.

An Act for limiting the time within which inquisition of lunacy, idiocy, and non compos mentis may be traversed, and for making regulations in the proceeding pending a traverse.

An Act for consolidating and amending the laws relating to property belonging to infants, femes covert, idiots, lunatics, and persons of unsound mind.

An Act to extend to Ireland the provisions of an Act passed in the first year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending " the laws relating to pro- petty belonging to infants, femes covert, idiots," lunatics, and persons of " unsound mind."

An Act for the amendment of the law respecting the property of lunatics.

Section 3, so far as the same relates to lunatics and idiots.

The whole Act.

So much of the Act as relates to or affects idiots, lunatics, or persons of unsound mind, or their property, except so far as relates to Ireland, but excluding section 41.

Sections 1, 2, 3.

SCHEDULE II.

Short Form of Affidavit.

In the Matter of A.B., a Person of unsound Mind.

I, C.D.y the petitioner named in the above-written [or annexed, as the case may 5e] petition [or the person bringing in the above-written (or annexed) state of facts, &c.] make oath and say, that so

1871. Lumacy Reg%tia£im (IreU^ Ch. 22 — 24. 173

much of the above-written petition, , fyc. c.

[before] as relates to my own acts and deeds is true, and so much thereof as relates to the acts and deeds of any and every other person believe to be true.

Sworn, SfC.

CHAP. 23.

An Act for re-vesting in Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, the Rectory of Newelme alias Ewelme, in the county of Oxford.

[16th June 1871.]

WHEREAS King James the First, by letters patent, *" granted his advowson of the rectory of Newelme alias Ewelme, in the county of Oxford, for the benefit of the Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Oxford, and by a subsequent Act of the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter forty-five, intituled An Act for confirming and " rendring more effectual certain letters patents of King James " the First, for annexing a canonry and several rectoryes to " the Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Oxford," and to the Regius Professor and Lady Margarett's Reader " of Divinity in the University of Cambridge," such grant was further carried into effect, and the said rectory was annexed to the office of Regius Professor of Divinity in the said University:

And whereas it is expedient to re-vest in Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, the said advowson:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L After the passing of this Act the rectory of Newelme alias Ewelme, in the county of Oxford, shall cease to be annexed to the office of Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Oxford, and the advowson of the said rectory shall re-vest in Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, who shall be entitled to present any person being a member of Convocation of the said University to the said rectory in the same manner in all respects as if the said advowson had always continued vested in the Crown, and the said rectory had not been annexed to the said office.

2. This Act may be cited as The Rectory of Ewelme Act,

1871.

10 Ann. c. 45. (in the Record edition), [c. 12. in the ordinary editions].

Rectory of Ewelme to cease to be annexed to office of Regius Professor of Divinity.

[Short title.]

CHAP. 24.

An Act for regulating the management by the Trustees of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland of certain trust properties for the said Church, and for other purposes.

[16th June 1871.]

WHEREAS by the Irish Church Act, 1869, it was enacted " that any minister or assistant minister of any Fro* testaat non-conforming congregation to or for whom any

Ch. 24. Presbyterian Chwrch (Ireland). 34 Vict.

annuity was paid or secured under the said Act, by reason of the discontinuance of the Parliamentary grant commonly called and in the said Act referred to as "the Regram " Donum," might apply to the Commissioners in the said Act mentioned to commute his annuity for a capital sum to be paid to him, and the said Commissioners, if satisfied that the annuity of the applicant Was not encumbered, or if encumbered that the encumbrancers consented to the commutation, should cause the then present value of the annuity to be estimated, and should pay the amount of such estimated value to trustees, such trustees to be appointed in the case of any such minister or assistant minister as aforesaid by such minister or assistant minister and the general assembly or synod or presbytery, as the case might be, of the church or religious community to which such minister or assistant minister might belong:

And whereas it was by the said Act also enacted that the said Commissioners should at any time between the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one and the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, but not afterwards, if it appeared to them as respected any Protestant non-conforming body or communion, that not less than three fourths of the whole number of the ministers of such body or communion authorised to commute under the said Act had commuted or agreed to commute their life interests, pay, in addition to the moneys otherwise payable by them, a sum equal to twelve pounds in the hundred on the commutation money payable in respect of each life interest, such addition to be disposed of in the same manner as the commutation money in respect of which it was added:

And whereas upwards of three fourths of the whole number of the ministers of the general assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland authorised to commute under the said Act have already commuted their life interests for capital sums under the provisions of the said Act (which ministers who have already commuted as aforesaid are herein-after designated " the said commuting ministers "):

And whereas the said commuting ministers and the said general assembly duly appointed the several persons hereinafter named to be trustees to receive the said capital sums pursuant to the said Act:

And whereas, in order to enable the said trustees to pay to each of the said commuting ministers an annuity for his life, provided he should so long continue in his office of minister of the said church, equal to the annuity commuted by him as aforesaid, and at the same time to preserve undiminished - the entire amount of the said commutation money as a source of permanent endowment for the said church, certain members of the said church agreed to noise by voluntary annual contribution or otherwise a certain amount of income, to be

M7I. Presbyterian, Churck (Ireland). Ch. 24 *

called "the sustentation fond" of the said church (and hereinafter designated as "the said sustentation fund7'), the same to be applied in each and every year so long as any such fife annuity should be payable as aforesaid to supplement the annual income arising from the said commutation money, so far as might be required for the payment in full of the several annuities so to be paid as aforesaid:

And whereas the management of the said sustentation fund, so far as regards the raising the same, has been duly entrusted to a committee elected and to be elected by the said general assembly of the said Presbyterian Church;

And whereas donations and bequests to the said sustentation fund were directed to be funded by the said commutation trustees, if the donors or testators should so desire:

And whereas the said commuting ministers, having been desirous of co-operating in the formation of such sustentation fund, agreed that the said commutation money payable in respect of their several and respective life interests as aforesaid should be vested in the said trustees, on certain trust contained in and declared by an indenture dated the thirteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and made between the said commuting ministers of the first, second, third, and fourth parts, and the said trustees of the fifth part:

And whereas by the said indenture it was agreed and declared that the said trustees should apply for and receive from the said Commissioners the commutation moneys payable by them in respect of the annuities of the said commuting ministers, and should stand possessed thereof on the trusts in the said indenture as aforesaid:

And whereas the said trustees have received or will shortly receive the said commutation moneys payable by the said Commissioners as aforesaid in respect of the annuities of the said commuting ministers (including as well the amount of the estimated value of the said annuities respectively as also the aid twelve pounds per cent, additional payable on the contingency aforesaid):

And whereas several of the ministers of the said general assembly who have not yet commuted the annuities payable to them respectively under the said Act may yet do so:

And whereas certain colleges and other property and trust fimds connected therewith which have been given and bequeathed for the education of ministers for the said church are now vested in certain parties as trustees for the said church; and there are also churches, manses, and other property connected therewith, now vested in certain parties as trustees, for congregations connected with the said church; and there are also trust funds and moneys which have been given and bequeathed by members of the said church, for missions and other charities connected with said church, and said trust funds and moneys axe now vested in or under the control of

176 Ch. 24. Presbyterian Church (Ireland). 34 Vict.

[Short title.]

Trustees.

Commutation moneys vested in trustees.

Commutation money of subsequently commuting ministers.

divers persons as trustees for the said church, and portions thereof have been invested on mortgages of lands and in other securities:

And whereas it is desirable that provisions such as are in this Act contained should be made in relation to the said colleges, churches, manses, trust funds, moneys, and other properties and securities which are now belonging to or which shall be devised or bequeathed to and for the use of the said church, or of congregations connected with the said church:

And whereas the objects aforesaid cannot be obtained without the authority of Parliament:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Irish Presbyterian Church Act, 1871.

2. Sir Edward Coey, James Porter Corry, Esq., J.P., George McCarter, Esq., William Martin, Esq., Rev. Robert Black, Rev. Lowry E. Berkeley, Daniel Taylor, Esq., J.P., William Shaw, Esq., James Brown, Esq., Rev. John Macn&ughton, Leonard Dobbin, Esq., Thomas Ferguson, Esq., J.P., Thomas A. Dickson, Esq., Archibald D. Lemon, Esq., Robert Porter, Esq., Thomas Sinclair, Esq., J.P., William Macnaughtan, Esq., Henry Matier, Esq., Rev. Charles L. Morell, Rev. John H. Orr, Rev. John R. MacAlister, James S. Crawford, Esq., J.P., Robert G. M'Crum, Esq., Rev. Professor Smyth, D.D., William F. Bigger, Esq., J.P., William Tillie, Esq., J.P., Rev. N. M. Brown, Hugh Moore, Esq., John Adams, Esq., J.P., D.L., Rev. James A. Robson, William Young, Esq., William Wilson, Esq., Robert Stevenson, Esq., J.P., and Rev. Dr. Wilson, being the trustees named in said deed, and their successors appointed as herein-after expressed, shall be "The Trustees of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland " for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of this Act, and are in this Act referred to as " the trustees."

3. From and after the passing of this Act, all moneys paid or payable in respect of the annuities of ministers who at the date of such passing have commuted the annuities payable to them respectively under the said Act, and all securities therefor, and the right to receive and realise the same respectively, are transferred to and vested in the trustees and their successors, subject to the directions and enactments affecting the same herein-after contained.

4. It shall be lawful for the trustees, if they shall think fit, with the consent in writing of any minister erf the said church who has not before the passing of this Act commuted the annuity payable to him under the said Act, to apply to the said Commissioners for all commutation moneys (including the said twelve pounds per cent if payable) in respect of the

C.

1871. Presbyterian Church (Ireland). Ch. 24.

annuity of any such minister who shall hereafter agree to commute his said annuity, and thereupon the said Commissioners shall pay such commutation moneys to the trustees.

5. The trustees shall, out of the said commutation moneys now paid or to be paid as aforesaid, (and which moneys are herein-after referred to as " the commutation fund, ") and out of the interest, dividend, and annual income thereof, pay to each minister who has as aforesaid commuted his annuity such annual sum as has heretofore been payable to him under the provisions of the said indenture, and to each minister who, after the making of the said indenture and before the passing of this Act, has commuted or who shall commute after the passing of this Act such annual sum as shall after such passing be mutually agreed upon between such last-mentioned minister and the trustees: Provided always, that the trustees shall in the first place apply the interest, dividends, and annual income of the said commutation fund in or towards payment of the said several annuities, and if they shall receive from the treasurer for the time being of the sustentation fund of the said general assembly, or from other sources, any other sums of money applicable for the same purpose, shall apply such sums of money in or towards payment of the md several annuities, and if after such application of the said interest, dividends, and annual income, and other sums of money respectively as aforesaid, the said several annuities shall not be fully paid, then and in such case, and from time to time so often as the same shall happen, the trustees shall raise out of the capital of the said commutation fund so much as may be required for payment of the said several annuities in foil, and apply such money in payment of the same accordingly.

6. If at any time the interest, dividends, and annual income of the said commutation fund, together with such other sums of money as may be received by the trustees, and be applicable for the purpose as aforesaid, shall be more than sufficient for payment in full of the said several annuities for the time being charged upon and payable out of the commutation fond, then and in such case, and from time to time so often as the same shall happen, the trustees shall pay and apply such annual surplus of the said interest, dividends, and annual income, and other sum of money, in such manner as the general assembly shall from time to time direct.

7. Any minister entitled to an annuity under or by virtue of the provisions aforesaid may by notice in writing served upon the secretary or agent of the trustees require the trustees to purchase for and in the name of such minister, and in lieu of the annuity payable to him under or by virtue of the provisions aforesaid, a government annuity of the like amount for his life; and thereupon the trustees shall purchase such life annuity for and in the name of such minister, and such minister shall thereupon cease to have any further claim

177

Application of commutation fund and moneys received from treasurer of sustentation fund.

Application of surplus of commutation and sustentation funds.

Ministers may require trustees to purchase annuities, after which claim on commutation fund to cease.

178 Ch. 24. Presbyterian Church (Ireland34 Vict.

or demand whatever upon the commutation fond, or the interest, dividends, or annual income thereof, but shall nevertheless be entitled to receive out of any sums of money paid to the trustees by the treasurer for the time being of the ' sustentation fund for augmentation of ministers annuities such further annual sum as the trustees shall ascertain and determine to be properly payable to such minister, having regard to the amount of the sums of money so applicable for the purpose, and to the extent to which the benefit derivable from commutation has been lessened by the purchase for such minister of such life annuity as aforesaid.

Receipt of 8. The receipt in writing of any minister entitled to an

execuu^re^ad annu^y, or of his executors, administrators, or assigns, for the ministrators, or last quarterly payment of the annuity to which he may be so assigns, full entitled under the provisions aforesaid, shall be deemed and discharge. taken to be a release in full to the trustees of all claims and demands whatsoever in respect of the commutation money and percentage (if any) thereon paid by the said Commissioners to the trustees in respect of the commuted annuity of such minister, or any undisposed residue thereof, and in respect of all arrears on foot of the annuity to which such minister was in his lifetime entitled as aforesaid, other than and except any proportional part of the current gale of the said annuity which may have accrued between the day of his death and the gale day next preceding his death, and, subject only to the payment of such apportioned part (if any), the trustees shall thenceforth hold such commutation money so paid to them as aforesaid discharged from such annuity, and from all claims in respect thereof or in relation thereto.

Trust moneys, 9. When and so soon as all of the said several life annuities of aunuSes111 80 Pa7a^e on^ the said commutation fund as aforesaid shall &c., to be left have determined, and all claims and demands against the said for permanent fund in respect thereof shall have been satisfied, the said com-SniBtoforof mu^a^on fund, and the stocks, funds, and securities in which the time being the same shall be invested, shall thenceforth be held by the of Presbyterian trustees upon such trusts by way of permanent endowment Church. for the benefit of the ministers for the time being of congregations of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland in connexion with and under the jurisdiction of the said general assembly as the said assembly shall direct: Provided always, nevertheless, that the interest, dividends, and annual income only of the said fund shall be applied for the benefit of such ministers, and that such preference as the general assembly may in its absolute and uncontrolled discretion think right shall be given to the claims of congregations whose ministers shall have so commuted as aforesaid.

Trusts of sus- 10. The trustees shall receive from the treasurer of the tentation fund, sustentation fund all sums given, subscribed, or bequeathed thereto, and shall, subject to the provisions herein-before contained for the purpose of securing their annuities to the

1871. Presbyterian Church (Ireland), Ch. 24. 179

ministers who have commuted or may commute as aforesaid, pay and apply such sums as the said general assembly may from time to time direct: Provided always, that donations and bequests given or bequeathed to or in favour of the said snstentation fund, and directed to be permanently invested or otherwise given or bequeathed as an endowment fond for the sustentation of the ministry of the said church, and received by the trustees shall be invested by them, and unless the respective donors or testators shall otherwise direct, the interest, dividends, and annual income thereof shall be paid and applied by the trustees as the general assembly may from time to time direct, and if such donor or testator shall specifically direct the trustees to apply the same to the support of the minister of any particular congregation, the same shall be applied accordingly by the trustees.

1L It shall be lawful for the trustees, if they shall think Gifts, bequests, fit, with the approval of the said general assembly, to accept or take a transfer of any other gift or bequest of personal held on property given or bequeathed for the endowment or permanent use or benefit of the said church, or any college, congregation, mission, or charity connected therewith, or to take a transfer from any trustee or other person in whom the same shall be vested of any endowment or fund or securities for the purposes aforesaid, and the trustees shall hold such personal property so given, bequeathed, or transferred as aforesaid on the trusts declared by or contained in the deed, will, or other instrument of endowment.

12. The trustees may from time to time invest the said Mode of invest-commutation fund, and all other moneys that shall come to ?ie°t of trust their hands under the provisions contained for the said church, un

in any of the public stocks or funds or government securities of the United Kingdom or India, or any colony or dependency of the United Kingdom, or upon mortgage of real securities in England, Wales, or Ireland, or in any other securities whatever which the said general assembly of the said church shall from time to time appoint; and no trustee shall Non-liability of be liable for any loss occasioned by the depreciation or failure ^8^iSave of any such investment or otherwise, save by his own wilful default, default; and the trustees from time to time, at their discretion, may vary or transpose such stocks, funds, and securities into or for others of the same or a like nature.

13. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by charter to incor- Incorporation porate the trustees with power, notwithstanding the Statutes Q^eyral

of Mortmain, to hold land to such extent as is in this Act provided, but not further or otherwise, and the trustees when so incorporated by charter shall continue to act in the execution of this Act.

14. It shall be lawful for the trustees, when incorporated Power to invest by charter as aforesaid, to invest all moneys vested in them ci^'&c.'of for that purpose in the absolute purchase, or in procuring lands for leases or fee-farm grants subject to annual or other rents, manses> &JC *

° u not exceeding

180

thirty acres for each church.

Power to vest colleges, church buildings, &c. 4n trustees.

Power to hold lands for colleges. &c.

Power to sell surplus lands.

Ch. 24. Presbyterian Church (Ireland). 34 Vict.

and with or without fines, of lands for the erection thereon of churches, or of manses for the use of the ministers of said church, or for schools or other buildings in connexion with said church buildings, or for other church purposes, the lands so to be purchased not to exceed thirty acres for each congregation, and to sell, grant, or demise the lands so purchased to trustees, for the minister and congregations of each church, for such sum or at such rent and for such term as the trustees shall think fit, or to permit such ministers and congregations to occupy and use the same at such rent and upon such terms and conditions as the trustees shall think fit; and the trustees may execute all such deeds, grants, leases, or other documents as may be necessary for the purpose aforesaid.

15. It shall be lawful for the trustees of any college, church building, schoolhouse, manse, or other real property whether freehold or chattel, held in trust for the said church or any congregation in connexion therewith, or any person or persons in whom the same may be vested, if they or he respectively shall think fit, to grant, assign, or otherwise vest in the trustees when incorporated by charter as aforesaid, with their concurrence, such college, church building, schoolhouse, manse, or other real property, whether freehold or chattel, to be held by the trustees upon such trust and subject to such rights as at the time of such grant, assignment, or vesting affected the same respectively, and the former trustees shall be thereupon released from the trusts thereof respectively.

16. It shall be lawful for any person whomsoever, entitled so to do, to give, grant, devise, bequeath, or assure, by any deed, will, or other instrument sufficient in law to create or convey an estate therein, any messuages, lands, hereditaments, or any estate therein, to the trustees when incorporated by charter as aforesaid for any college, or for any church building or schoolhouse in connexion with any congregation or church, or for a hall for the meeting of the said general assembly: Provided always, that under the provisions aforesaid or otherwise not more than thirty acres shall be held in trust for any congregation, nor more than one hundred acres in trust for any college, nor more than twenty acres in trust for erecting thereon a hall, offices, or other buildings for the use of said general assembly: Provided always, nevertheless, that any such gift, grant, bequest, or assurance of lands in excess of the acreage hereby authorised to be held as aforesaid shall be void as to the excess only.

17. The trustees, when incorporated by charter as aforesaid, may from time to time sell, lease, exchange, or otherwise dispose of, on such terms and in such manner as they think fit, or mortgage, any lands vested in them, and not being otherwise required for purposes of the said church or any of the colleges or congregations connected therewith, and may enter into, execute, and do all contracts, assurances, and things

Presbyterian Church (Ireland).

Ch. 24.

181

necessary or proper in that behalf; and every such sale or lease as aforesaid may be made either absolutely for a sum in money, or for any annual rent or rents, to be made payable as the trustees direct, or partly for a sum of money and partly for such rent or rents as aforesaid, as the trustees think fit, and the trustees may afterwards sell any rent so to be made payable.

18. The trustees shall conduct their business at such place, Directions as to and keep such minute books, and shall keep and render such business ac-accounts, and make such reports, from time to time, and hold count8' &c* such meetings, as the said general assembly of the Presbyterian

Chturch shall from time to time direct and require.

19. It shall be lawful for the trustees from time to time Power to ap-to appoint a treasurer or treasurers, secretary, and such other Point officerH-officers and agents, and to prescribe for them such duties,

and to pay them such remuneration for their services, as the trustees shall think fit; and such treasurer or treasurers, secretary, and other officers shall hold their respective offices on such terms as the trustees shall determine.

20. The trustees shall, until all the annuities payable to Power to ap-the said commuting ministers shall have ceased, at the end of Point actuary, every third year, or oftener if required so to do by the said

general assembly, certified as such by the clerk thereof, appoint a competent actuary to value and report upon the assets and liabilities of the said commutation fond, which report shall be laid before the general assembly at its next meeting.

21. The said general assembly may, at its ordinary meetings Power to gene-

in each year, or at any extraordinary meeting specially con- ral assembly to, .i J J ° j J appoint audi-

vened for the purpose, appoint two or more fit and proper ££

persons to examine and audit the accounts of the trustees; and

such auditors shall have power to call for and require the

production of all books of account, vouchers, and documents

relating to the income and expenditure of the trust during the

year to which the accounts so to be audited may relate, and the same shall be produced to them accordingly.

22. The receipt in writing of the treasurer or treasurers, Receipts by or of any of the trustees authorised in that behalf by bye- tre^orer, &c. law, for any moneys paid, and for any stocks, funds, shares, a har?e' or securities transferred to them by virtue of this Act, or in execution of any of the trusts or powers thereof, shall effectually discharge the person or persons paying or transferring

the same therefrom, and from being bound to see to the application or being answerable for the loss or misapplication thereof.

23. With respect to contracts to be made by the trustees Contracts by the following provisions shall have effect; (that is to say,) trustees.

With respect to any contract which if made between individuals would be by law required to be in writing and under seal, the trustees may make the same in writing under their common seal, when incorporated by charter as aforesaid, or until incorporated under the hands Q

182 Ch. 24. Presbyterian Church (Ireland). 34 Vict.

and seals of the trustees or any five of them acting on behalf or under the direction of the trustees* and in the same manner may vary or discharge the same:

With respect to any contract which if made between individuals would be by law required to be in writing and signed by the parties to be charged therewith, the trustees may make the same in writing signed by any two of them, or by the treasurer or any person appointed by byelaw to act in that behalf generally or in any particular case, and in the same manner may vary or discharge the same:

With respect to any contract which if made between individuals would be by law valid though not reduced into writing, the trustees, or any two of them, or the treasurer or any person acting on behalf or under the direction of the trustees, may make the same, or authorise the same to be made, without writing, and in the same manner may vary or discharge the same:

And all contracts made according to the provisions of this section shall be effectual at law, and shall be binding on the trustees, and on all other parties thereto, their heirs, executors, or administrators; and on any default in execution of their obligation, either by the trustees or any party thereto, such actions or suits may be brought either by or against the trustees as might be brought if the same contract had been made between individuals.

Minutes of 24. The said general assembly of the Presbyterian Church, meetings to be an(j the trustees and executive committee of the trustees ep respectively, in discharging their respective duties under this Act, or any byelaws to be made in pursuance thereof) shall cause notes, minutes, or copies (as the case requires) of their orders, resolutions, and proceedings to be entered in books to be kept under their superintendence; and every such entry shall be signed by the moderator of the general assembly, or by the chairman of the meeting at which the order, resolution, or proceeding entered was passed or taken, or by the moderator or chairman, as the case may be, of the next subsequent meeting; and every such entry so signed shall be received as evidence in all courts and elsewhere without proof of the meeting having been duly convened or held, or of the persons making or taking any such order, resolution, or proceeding, or causing the same to be entered, being members of the general assembly or being trustees (as the case may be), or of the signature of the person signing as chairman, or of the fact of his having been moderator or chairman, as the case may be, all which matters shall be presumed until the contrary is shown.

Acts done at 25. All acts done at a meeting of the general assembly or meeting of of the trustees, or of any committee thereof, by any person biy^dnoi£ acting as a member of the general assembly or of the trustees withstanding or committee, shall, notwithstanding it being afterwards dis-

disqualification.

1871. Presbyterian Church (Ireland5)* Ch. 24. 183

covered that there 'was some defect in the appointment of any such person so acting, or that he was disqualified, be as valid as if there had been no such defect or disqualification.

26. Any order, resolution, or proceeding of the trustees, Validity of or any power by this Act conferred, or any gift, devise, or

bequest to the trustees, or otherwise, for the benefit of the stodin^°va-said church, or any congregation, college, mission, or charity cancymthe connected therewith, shall not be invalidated by reason only a

of there being a vacancy among the trustees.

27. The trustees shall not, nor shall any of them, by being Indemnity to party to or executing as such trustee any contract or other trastee8* instrument, or otherwise lawfully executing any of the powers

given to the trustees by this Act or the byelaws to be made in pursuance of its provisions, be subject to be sued or prosecuted by any person whomsoever, nor shall the bodies, goods, or lands of such trustees or any of them be liable to execution of any legal process by reason of any contract or other instrument so entered into, signed, or executed by them, or any of them, or by reason of any other lawful act done by them, or any of them, in the execution of any of their powers as such trustees as aforesaid, and the trustees, their heirs, executors, and administrators, shall be indemnified out of the trust funds for all payments made or liabilities incurred in respect of any acts done by them, and for all losses, costs, and damages which they may incur in the execution of this Act, and the trustees for the time being may apply the trust funds for the purposes of such indemnity.

28. It shall be lawful for the trustees to pay to any trustee Power to pay all travelling and other expenses incurred by him in or about travellmS ex-

O r mJ ppnfipfl GCC *

the execution of the said trusts or powers or any of them. 1

29. If any of the trustees herein-before named, or to be Mode of elec-appointed as herein-after provided, shall die, or be declared tion of trustee8# a bankrupt, or file a petition for relief under any Act or

Acts for the time being in force for the relief of insolvent debtors, or make any composition with his creditors, or cease to be a member of some congregation in connexion with the said general assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, or to reside in Ireland, or shall be absent therefrom for a continuous period of twelve calendar months, or shall, by writing under his hand, delivered to the clerk for the time being of the said general assembly, express his desire to be discharged, or shall refuse or become incapable to act, or shall be removed from being one of the trustees by a vote of the said general assembly, then and in any of such cases it shall be lawful for the said general assembly at its annual meeting, or at any meeting specially convened for such purpose, to appoint a person to fill such vacancy (the successor to fill up such vacancy to be a minister if the deceased or retiring trustee was or is a minister, or such successor to be a layman if the deceased or retiring trustee was or is a layman):

Provided always, that no person shall be eligible to be elected

184 Ch. 24. Presbyterian Church [Ireland). 34 Vict.

a trustee who at the time of holding any such meeting of the general assembly is not and has not for a period of at least two years been a'member of some congregation in connexion with the said general assembly.

Power to make 30. It shall be lawful for the trustees from time to time to byelaws, with make such byelaws, rules, and regulations as may be deemed rSsemW6116" expedient respecting the management and disposition of the See. e trust property, estates, and effects vested in them, the investment of trust moneys or funds, the transfer of any moneys or funds so invested in or upon any other security, the appointment of such and so many committees as may be considered necessary for the despatch of business, and to delegate to them all or any of the powers of the trustees, and to prescribe the powers and duties each such committee shall possess and discharge, and to declare how many members shall be on each committee, and how many present shall be necessary to make a quorum of the trustees or of the said committees respectively, the giving or sending notices for and the times, places, and manner of their meetings, and for the general conduct, management, or control of business affairs, times of meeting, and proceedings of the trustees: Provided always, that the said, byelaws, and every alteration, repeal, or addition thereto, shall not come into force and effect until approved of by the said general assembly of the Presbyterian Church, and such approval shall be duly evidenced by the same being signed by the moderator for the time being of the said assembly, and the clerks of assembly, or one of them; and the said general assembly, at the annual meeting of assembly, or any meeting specially convened for the purpose, may by the vote of a majority at such meeting approve of, revoke, repeal, or alter, wholly or in part, all or any part of every or any such byelaw, rule, or regulation as aforesaid, and substitute or make any other byelaw, rule, or regulation in lieu thereof, as such general assembly shall think fit; and any instrument in writing which shall purport to be a byelaw, rule, or regulation of the trustees, and which shall be sealed with the common seal of the trustees when they are incorporated by charter as aforesaid, or until incorporated shall be under the hands and seals of the trustees, or any five of them, shall be received as prim& facie evidence of the same being such a byelaw, rule, or regulation in all courts and before all justices, officers, and persons whomsoever: Provided always, that the said byelaws shall not at any time be altered by the trustees, nor any new ones be added thereto, unless at a meeting of the trustees duly convened for the purpose, and of which meeting fourteen days notice shall previously be given or sent to each trustee in such form as may be provided by the byelaw for the time being as to notices, such notice to specify the proposed alteration, repeal, or addition.

Acts of general 31. The vote of the majority of the members for the time assembly. being of the general assembly present and voting at any

185

J1871. Presbyterian Church (Ireland). Ch. 24, 25.

meeting of the said assembly duly convened shall be considered as the act of the assembly for any of the purposes for which said act is hereby rendered necessary; and all votes and proceedings of the said general assembly, which shall be signed by the moderator thereof for the time being, and the clerks of the said assembly, or one of them, shall be received as evidence that same were passed at a meeting of the said assembly duly convened and constituted.

82. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or con- Annuities pay* strued to entitle any minister to receive any annuity under able daring life, this Act, except so long as he lives, and is continued in the &c' ministry, by and with the consent of the said general assembly. 4

33. The costs, charges, and expenses of and incident to Costs, the obtaining and passing of this Act and carrying same into effect, and the management of the trust estate, shall be paid by the trustees out of the moneys which are in or may come to their hands under the provisions of this Act.

CHAP. 25.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain for a limited time persons suspected of being members of the Ribbon Society, or of being concerned in the commission of any crime or outrage under the direction or influence of the said Ribbon Society in the county of Westmeath, or in certain adjoining portions of the county of Meath and the King's County; and to continue " The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870."

[16th June 1871.]

WHEREAS an unlawful society, combination, and confederacy of a secret nature, generally known by the name of the Ribbon Society, at present exists within the county of Westmeath, and certain adjoining portions of the county of Meath and of the King's County:

And whereas owing to the prevalence of the said society murder and other crimes of the most serious nature have been perpetrated within the districts above referred to, and by reason partly of sympathy with the perpetrators of such crimes, and still more by the terror created by the action of the said society, the existing laws have been found to be insufficient for the due protection of life and property in the districts aforesaid:

And whereas it is therefore expedient that further and other provision should be made for the protection of life and property within the said districts:

And whereas the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, will expire on the first day of August one thousand eight

186 Ch. 25* Protection of Life and Property, &c. (Ireland). 34 VICT,

[Short title.]

Application of Act

hundred and seventy-one, and it is expedient to continue the same for a further period:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Protection of Life and Property in certain parts of Ireland Act, 1871."

2. This Act shall apply to Ireland only.

PART L

Interpretation* . 3.* In this part of this Act —

The term "Lord Lieutenant" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being, and shall include the Lords Justices or other chief governors or governor of Ireland for the time being: and The term "Chief Secretary" shall mean the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Provisions of 4. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, by and with Act toa of this the advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, from time to time, when order to direct and declare by order (which may be in the Form issued by Lord No. I. in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed or to the like

lieutenant effect), to be published in the Dublin Gazette, that from and after a day to be named therein the provisions of this part of this Act shall be in force in relation to the county and baronies mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act annexed, or to such county or to any of such baronies, or to any parts or part of such county, or of such baronies, or of any of them respectively; and thereupon from and after the day named in such order the provisions of this part of this Act shall be in force and have effect in relation to the county, baronies, barony, or parts or part of such county, or of such baronies, or of any of them respectively specified in such order, and such county, baronies, barony, parts or part are or is in this part of this Act referred to as a " prescribed districtProvided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, by a new order, to be made by and with the advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to be published in the Ihiblin Gazette, to revoke any order issued under this part of this Act, as to all or any part of a prescribed district named in such new order; and thereupon such order shall, from and after a day to be named in such new order, stand and be revoked, so far as such new order shall purport to revoke the same.

Production of 5. The production of a printed copy of the Dublin Gazette Pt'rPorting to be printed and published by the Queen's lication of any authority, containing the publication of any order, under this order to be part of this Act, shall for all purposes be conclusive evidence draceofmaking suc^ order, and of the due making and issuing of the same;

and issuing and every such order shall be deemed and taken by all courts,

same. judges, justices, and others, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, to have been made and issued in conformity with the

187

1871. Protection of Life and Property, Jkc. (Ireland). Ch. 25.

provisions of this part of this Act, and by virtue of the jurisdiction thereby conferred.

6. A copy of every such order issued under the authority at this part of this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament within fourteen days of the date of the same, if Parliament be then assembled, and if not, then within fourteen days of the next subsequent meeting of Parliament.

7. Every person who shall be deemed by the Lord lieutenant to be reasonably suspected of being a member of the said Ribbon Society, or of directly or indirectly maintaining correspondence or intercourse with, or of aiding, abetting, or supporting by contribution of money or otherwise, the said society, or any branch, lodge, or other select body, or any delegate or other officer or member thereof as such, or of being or having been either a principal in or an accessory before or after the fact to any felony, or a principal in any misdemeanor, committed or deemed by the Lord Lieutenant to be reasonably suspected to have been committed under the direction or influence of the said Ribbon Society, and who resides or sojourns or shall at any time reside or sojourn in any place which shall at any time be included in a prescribed district, or who, on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, or on any subsequent day, resided or sojourned in any place which shall be included in a prescribed district, and every person who shall be deemed by the Lord Lieutenant to be reasonably suspected of being either a principal in or an accessory before or after the feet to any felony, or a principal in any misdemeanor, committed or deemed by the Lord Lieutenant to be reasonably suspected to have been committed after the passing of this Act under the direction or influence of the said Ribbon Society in any place which shall be included in a prescribed district, and who shall be deemed by the Lord Lieutenant to be reasonably suspected of having been in any place which shall be included in the said district at the time of the commission of such felony or misdemeanor, may be arrested in any part of Ireland, committed to prison, and detained in safe custody without bail or mainprise, during the continuance of this part of this Act, by warrant signed by the Lord Lieutenant or the Chief Secretary (which warrant may be in the Form No. II. in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed or to the like effect), and no court, judge, or justice of the peace shall, during the continuance of this part of this Act, discharge, bail, or try the person or persons so committed without order from Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland or Lord Lieutenant, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such warrant shall for the purpose of such arrest, commitment, and detention or justifying the same respectively be and be deemed and taken by all courts, judges, justices, and others and in every proceeding to be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated or recited, and of the existence of all facts and

Copies of orders to be laid before Parliament.

Power to Lord Lieutenant by warrant to commit without trial certain persona.

188 Ch. 25. Protection of Life and Property, &c. (Ireland). 34 Tier,

matters necessary to give or constitute the authority or jurisdiction to make, issue, and execute such warrant, and of the legality of the arrest, commitment, and detention under or in pursuance of such warrant of the person or persons whom such warrant shall direct or authorise to be arrested, committed, or detained.

Persons to 8. Where any person or persons during the time this part

of this Act shall continue in force shall be arrested, com-

oi commitment ., , .

are directed mitted, or detained in custody by force of a warrant or shall detain the warrants signed by the Lord Lieutenant or the Chief Secre-

mitted8i^safe1" *'ar3r> an^ purporting to be under the authority of this part

custody. of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any person or

persons to whom such warrant or warrants shall be in that

behalf directed to detain such person or persons so arrested

or committed in his or their custody in any place whatever

within Ireland, and no writ of Habeas corpus shall issue to

bring up the body of any person so arrested or committed or

detained, and such person or persons to whom such warrant

or warrants shall be directed shall be deemed and taken to be

to all intents and purposes lawfully authorised to detain in

safe custody, and to be the lawful gaolers and keepers of Such

person or persons so arrested, committed, or detained, and

such place or places where such person or persons so arrested,

committed, or detained are or shall be detained in custody

shall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes to

be lawful prisons and gaols for the detention and safe custody

Persons of such person and persons respectively; and it shall and may

Jgf4asaiso to and for the Lord Lieutenant, by warrant signed

place of deten- by the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary from time to time

tion, may be as occasion shall be, to direct and to change the person or

mTant persons by whom and the place in which such person or

herein men- persons so arrested, committed, or detained shall be detained

tioned. in safe custody.

Provided always, that copies of such warrants respectively shall be within two calendar months after such warrants shall have been signed transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown in and for the county of the city of Dublin, and shall be filed by him in the public office of the pleas of the Crown in the city of Dublin.

All persona in 9. All persons who shall be arrested and committed to ^MrtT/thia P011 under the warrant of the Lord Lieutenant under the Act to be 8 authority of this part of this Act shall, while in custody under treated as on- such warrant, be treated as untried prisoners, and shall be tried prisoners, object to such orders and regulations for their treatment, management, and maintenance as the Lord Lieutenant shall from time to time make; and such orders and regulations shall be laid before each House of Parliament within fourteen days of the date of the same, if Parliament be then assembled, and if not, then within fourteen days of the next subsequent meeting of Parliament; and a list of the persons detained in such prison on the first day of every month under the pro-

189

1871. Protection of Life and Property, <kc. (Ireland). Ch. 25.

visions of this Act shall also be laid before each House of Parliament within the first seven days of each month, if Parliament be then assembled, and if not, then within the first seven days of the next subsequent meeting of Parliament* with a statement opposite each person's name of the ground stated for his arrest in the warrant under which he may be detained; provided nevertheless that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, if he think fit, to prohibit any prisoner committed under this Act from holding any communication, either by word of mouth or writing, with any other person not being in the service or employment of Her Majesty, or duly authorised by the Lord Lieutenant, or as he shall direct, to hold such communication.

10. This part of this Act shall continue in operation until Duration of the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy- Part L of Act# three.

PART II.

1L The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and the Act and Acts therein designated or referred to as the " Peace Preservation Act," as altered and amended by this part of this Act, shall continue in operation until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

12. Section thirty-nine of the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, shall be construed as if, instead of the words " the " barony, half barony, or other district in which such murder " or maiming shall have respectively been perpetrated," the words following had been inserted in the said section, that is to say," any barony or baronies, half barony or half baro- nies, townland or townlands, or part or parts of any " barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, townland " or townlands."

13. Where any presentment shall be made under the authority of the said section thirty-nine of "The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870," it shall be lawful to set forth in such presentment that the sum therein mentioned shall be raised and levied within a period to be stated therein by yearly or half-yearly instalments, and the treasurer of the county, secretary of the Grand Jury Finance Committee, or the person or persons duly authorised to issue warrants for the collection of moneys to be raised or levied off such county, shall from time to time without further authority or presentment in that behalf applot and include in the amount or amounts authorised to be levied by his or their warrant or warrants by the respective collectors to whom the same shall be delivered, the portion or portions so set forth of the sum so presented, and the same shall be collected and levied from time to time, in like manner and with the like remedy in case of nonpayment as all other money directed by such warrant or warrants is by law to be levied.

Continuance of Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act,

1870.

Amendment of sect. 39. of Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870.

Moneys presented under sect. 39. of Peace Preservation Act, 1870, may be raised and levied by yearly or half-yearly instalments.

190

Ch., 25. Protection of Life and Property, &c. (Ireland). 34 Vict.

Provided always, that the provisions of the sixty-fifth and sixty-sixth sections of "The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870/" shall not apply to any county cess levied under the authority of the said " Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and the Act and Acts therein designated or referred to as the Peace Preservation Act, as altered, amended, Mid continued by this part of this Act.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE A.

Form No. L

By the Lord Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland [or Lords Justices General and General Governors of Ireland, as the case may be].

Order.

Whereas by Part I. of "The Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871," it was amongst other things enacted that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to direct and declare by order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, that from and after the date named in such order Part I. of the said Act should be in force in relation to the county of Westmeath, and the baronies of BallycowaD, Coolestown, Garrycastle, Kilcoursey, Lower Philipstown, and War-renstown in the King's County, and the baronies of Fore, Lower Kells, Upper Kells, Lune, Lower Moyfenrath, Upper Moyfenrath, Lower N&van, and Upper Navan, in the county of Meath, or in relation to the said county, or any of the said baronies, or any parts or part of the said county, or of the said baronies, or of any of them respectively.

Now we, the Lord Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland [or Lords Justices General and General Governors of Ireland, as the case may be], by and with the advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, do direct and declare by this our order that from and after the [here state day from and after which Part I. is to be in force] the said Part I. of the said Act shall be in force, and have effect in relation to the [here state the prescribed district]. Given at Dublin Castle this day of 187 .

Form No. II.

Warrant to ArresL

Whereas Part I. of the Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871, is now in force in relation to the [here state the prescribed district]:

And whereas A.B.

[here insert the name or other description of the person to be arrested], who resides or sojourns at [or who subsequently to the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one or to the passing of the said Act, as the case may be, resided or sojourned at] [state place of residence or sojourning, where material], is deemed by the Lord Lieutenant to be reasonably suspected of, SfC.

[state the charge, following the words of the Act, e.g.," of being a member of the Ribbon Society"];

1871. Protection of Life <md Property, <tc. (Ireland). Ch, 25, 26. 191

This is under the authority of the said Part 1. of the said Act to command that the said AJZ. in any part of Ireland be arrested and lodged in the [here state place of confinement, there to be detained during the continuance of Part I. of said Act, unless sooner discharged after trial, or by order of the Lord Lieutenant or Privy Council.

Given at Dublin Castle this day of 187

To

[Here state sub-inspector or other officer to whom the warrant will be entrusted for execution, and the governor of the gaol or other place of confinement in which the prisoner is to be confined.]

SCHEDULE B.

The county of Westmeath.

The baronies of Bally cowan, Coolestown, Garrycastle, Kilcour-sey, Lower Philipstown, and Warrenstown in the King's County.

The baronies of Fore, Lower Kells, Upper Kells, Lune, Lower Moyfenrath, Upper Moyfenrath, Lower Navan, and Upper Navan, in the county of Meath.

CHAP. 26.

An Act to alter the law respecting Religions Tests in the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, and in the Halls and Colleges of those Universities.

[16th June 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the benefits of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, and of the colleges and halls now subsisting therein, as places of religion and learning, should be rendered freely accessible to the nation:

And whereas, by means of divers restrictions, tests, and disabilities, many of Her Majesty's subjects are debarred from the full enjoyment of the same:

And whereas it is expedient that such restrictions, tests, and disabilities should be removed, under proper safeguards for the maintenance of religious instruction and worship in the said universities and the colleges and halls now subsisting within the same:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as a The Universities Tests Act,

1871."

2. In the construction of this Act — Interpretation

The word "college" includes the cathedral or house ofoftenns* Christ Church in Oxford, and any hall not being a private hall established under the Act of the session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-one, nor being a hostel established under the Act of the session of the

192 Ch. 26. University Tests. 34 Vict.

nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-eight:

The word " office " includes every professorship other than professorships of divinity, every assistant or deputy professorship, public readership, prelectorship, lectureship, headship of a college or hall, fellowship, studentship, tutorship, scholarship, and exhibition, and also any office or emolument not in this section specified, the income of which is payable out of the revenues of any of the said universities, or of any college within the said universities, or which is held or enjoyed by any member as such of any of the said universities, or of any college within any of the said universities.

Persons taking 3. From and after the passing of this Act, no person shall lay academical be required, upon taking or to enable him to take any degree ing^ay acade-- (other than a degree in divinity) within the Universities of nucai or colie- Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, or any of them, or upon to be ^uired01 exerci0*nf> or to enable him to exercise any of the rights and to subscribe privileges which may heretofore have been or may hereafter any formalary be exercised by graduates in the said universities or any of of faith. See them, or in any college subsisting at the time of the passing of this Act in any of the said universities, or upon taking or holding or to enable him to take or hold any office in any of the said universities or any such college as aforesaid, or upon teaching or to enable him to teach within any of the said universities or any such college as aforesaid, or upon opening or to enable him to open a private hall or hostel in any of the said universities for the reception of students, to subscribe any article or formulary of faith, or to make any declaration or take any oath respecting his religious belief or profession, or to conform to any religious observance, or to attend or abstain from attending any form of public worship, or to belong to any specified church, sect, or denomination; nor shall any person be compelled, in any of the said universities or any such college as aforesaid, to attend the public worship of any church, sect, or denomination to which he does not belong: Provided that —

(1.) Nothing in this section shall render a layman or a person not a member of the Church of England eligible to any office or capable of exercising any right or privilege in any of the said universities or colleges, which office, right, or privilege, under the authority of any Act of Parliament or any statute or ordinance of such university or college in force at the time of the passing of this Act, is restricted to persons in holy orders, or shall remove any obligation to enter into holy orders which is by such authority attached to any such office.

(2.) Nothing in this section shall open any office (not being an office mentioned in this section) to any person who is not a member of the Church of England,

1871 .:

University:Tests. Cff. 26.

where such office is at the, passing of this Act confined to members of the said Church by reason of any such degree as aforesaid being a qualification for holding that office. 1

. 4. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with or affect, any Act not to in-further or otherwise than is hereby expressly enacted, the with system of religious instruction, worship, and discipline which blishe/system now is or which may hereafter be lawfully established in the of religious in-said universities respectively, or in the colleges thereof or any g^uc^, (^1" of them, or the statutes and ordinances of the said universities cipHne0 and colleges respectively relating to such instruction, worship, and discipline.

5. The governing body of every college subsisting at the Religious time of the passing of this Act in any of the said univer- instruction, sities shall provide sufficient religious instruction for all members thereof in statu pupillari belonging to the Established Church.

6. The Morning and Evening Prayer according to the Morning and Order of the Book of Common Prayer shall continue to be p^eMo be used daily as heretofore in the chapel of every college sub- used as hereto-sisting at the time of the passing of this Act in any of the fore, but an said universities; but notwithstanding anything contained in ^a^used on the statute thirteenth and fourteenth Charles the Second, week days on chapter four, or in this Act, it shall be lawful for the visitor request of goof any such college, on the request of the governing body verning body* thereof, to authorise from time to time, in writing, the use

on week days only of any abridgment or adaptation of the said Morning and Evening Prayer in the chapel of such college instead of the Order set forth in the Book of Common Prayer.

7. No person shall be required to attend any college or Attendance at university lecture to which he, if he be of full age, or, if he lectures *

be not of full age, his parent or guardian, shall object upon religious grounds.

8. After the passing of this Act, the Acts specified in the Repeal of Acts schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the m Schedule-third column of the said schedule mentioned; and any provision in any Act of Parliament or in any statute or ordinance

of the said universities or colleges, so far as it is inconsistent with this Act, shall be repealed.

SCHEDULE.

This Schedule, so far as respects Acts prior to the reign of George the First, refers to the edition prepared under the direction of the Record Commission, intituled " The Statutes of the Realm," printed by command of His Majesty King George the Third, ct in pursuance of an address of the House of Commons of Great Britain, from original records and authentic manuscripts."

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

Q) 14 Chas. 2. c. 4.

An Act for the uniformity of public prayers and administration of sacraments and other rites and ceremonies, and for establishing the form of making, ordaining, and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons in the Church of England.

1 Geo. 1. at. 2. c. 13.

31 Geo. 3. c. 32.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7.

An Act for the further security of His Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the Crown in the heirs of the late Princess Sophia being Protestants, and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors.

An Act to relieve upon conditions, and under restrictions, the persons therein described from certain penalties and disabilities to which Papists or persons professing the Popish religion are by law subjects.

An Act for the relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic subjects.

19 & 20 Vict. An Act to make further provision for c. 88. the good government and extension

of the University of Cambridge, of the colleges therein, and of the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton.

Extent of Repeal

So much of section six (*) as is unrepealed; section eight (3); and section thirteen (4), except so far as it relates to the colleges of Westminster, Winchester, and Eton, or any governor or head thereof.

So much as is unrepealed.

So much of section fourteen as relates to any of the universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham.

So much as relates to any of the said universities or any college therein. Section forty-five from the words "but such degree 99 inclusive, to the end of the section.

(l) 13 and 14 Chas. 2. in Ruff head. (*) Sections 9 and 10 in Ruffhead.

(3) Section 12 in Ruffhead. (4) Section 17 in Ruffhead.

CHAP. 27.

An Act to remove doubts as to the power of Trustees to invest Trust Funds in Debenture Stocks.

[29th June 1871.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts of Parliament, and more particularly by the Companies Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same, companies authorised to issue debenture

1871. Trust Funds (Investments). Ch. 27, 28. 195

stock are empowered to raise, by means of such stock, all moneys which they may for the time being be authorised to raise on mortgage or bond:

And whereas doubts are entertained whether it is lawful for trustees who may be authorised to invest trust funds in the mortgages or bonds of companies to invest such funds in debenture stock:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Where a power has before the passing of this Act been or Power to shall at any time hereafter be given to trustees to invest trust trustees to funds in the mortgages or bonds of a railway company or of d^bSture any other description of company, such power shall, unless the stock, contrary is expressed in the instrument creating the power, be deemed to include a power to invest such funds in the debenture stock of a railway company or such other company as aforesaid, and an investment of trust funds in debenture stock may be made accordingly.

2. The expression "trustees shall include executors and Definition of

administrators and any other persons holding funds in a " trustees." fiduciary capacity. t

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Deben- Short title, ture Stock Act, 1871."

CHAP. 28.

An Act respecting the establishment of Provinces in the Dominion of Canada.

[29th June 1871.]

WHEREAS doubts have been entertained respecting the powers of the Parliament of Canada to establish Provinces interritories admitted, or which may hereafter be admitted, into the Dominion of Canada, and to provide for the representation of such Provinces in the said Parliament, and it is expedient to remove such doubts, and to vest such powers in the said Parliament:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The British North America Act, 1871."

2. The Parliament of Canada may from time to time esta- Parliament of blish new Provinces in any territories forming for the time Canada may being part of the Dominion of Canada, but not included in any Province thereof, and may, at the time of such establish- provide for the ment, make provision for the constitution and administration constitution, of any such Province, and for the passing of laws for the peace, c' ereo order, and good government of such Province, and for its representation in the said Parliament.

Alteration of limits of Provinces.

Parliament of Canada may legislate for any territory not included in a Province. Confirmation of Acts of Parliament of Canada.

32 & 33 Vict. (Canadian) cap. 3.

33 Vict. (Canadian) cap. 3.

Limitation of powers of Parliament of Canada to legislate for an established Province.

3. The Parliament of Canada may from time to time, with the consent of the Legislature of any Province of the said Dominion, increase, diminish, or otherwise alter the limits of such Province, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by the said Legislature, and may, with the like consent, make provision respecting the effect and operation of 'any such increase or diminution or alteration of territory in relation to any Province affected thereby.

4. The Parliament of Canada may from time to time make provision for the administration, peace, order, and good government of any territory^ not for the time being included in any Province.

5. The following Acts passed by the said Parliament of Canada, and intituled respectively, —

" An Act for the temporary government of Rupert's Land a and the North Western Territory when united with u Canada and

" An Act to amend and continue the Act thirty-two and " thirty-three Victoria, chapter three, and to establish " and provide for the government of the Province of " Manitoba, "

shall be and be deemed to have been valid and effectual for all purposes whatsoever from the date at which they respectively received the assent, in the Queen's name, of the Governor General of the said Dominion of Canada.

6. Except as provided by the third section of this Act, it shall not be competent for the Parliament of Canada to alter the provisions of the last-mentioned Act of the said Parliament in so far as it relates to the Province of Manitoba, or of any other Act hereafter establishing new Provinces in the said Dominion, subject always to the right of the Legislature of the Province of Manitoba to alter from time to time the provisions of any la\v respecting the qualification of electors and members of the Legislative Assembly and to make laws respecting elections in the said Province.

CHAP. 29.

An Act to facilitate the Payment of Dividends on India Stocks.

[29th June 1871.]

WHEREAS by the National Debt Act, 1870, section *- twenty, it is enacted, that the Banks of England and Ireland respectively may, with the sanction of the Treasury, make arrangements for payment of dividends on stock by sending warrants through the post, and it is expedient that this provision should be amended as regards payment of dividends on India stock:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

L.

1871. East India Stocks (Dividends). Ch. 29, 30.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The power given to the said banks, as above recited, to make arrangements for payment of dividends on stock by sending warrants through the post shall, as regards the payment of dividends on India five per cent, stock, and India four per cent, stock, and on any stock which may be in future created under the powers in that behalf vested in the Secretary of State for India in Council by Acts of Parliament now in force, be exercised with the sanction of the Secretary of State for India in Council instead of the Treasury; and where a holder of any such stock desires to have his dividend warrants sent him by post, he shall make his request as in the said Act provided, but in a form approved by the Bank and the Secretary of State for India in Council; and the provisions of sections twenty and twenty-one of the said Act shall, with this variation, apply to payment of dividends on the aforesaid India stocks, and to warrants for the same sent by post.

CHAP. 30.

An Act for the further regulation of the Duties on Postage.

[29th June 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from time to time, by warrant under their hands, to reduce the rates of postage to be charged for the use of Her Majesty, on letters sent by post between places in the United Kingdom, and to regulate the scale of weights according to which such rates are to be charged, and to revoke, alter, or add to any warrant previously made under this section, so, however, that the lowest rate of postage be not less than one penny.

2. This Act, including any warrant made thereunder, shall be construed as one with the Acts mentioned in Schedule One to this Act, and the term "this Act " in the last-mentioned Acts shall be construed to include this Act and such warrant, and the Acts mentioned in the said schedule and this Act may be cited together as " The Post Office (Duties) Acts, 1840 to 1871," and each of the two first of the said Acts may be cited as the Post Office (Duties) Act of the year in which it was passed.

3. This Act may be cited as " The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1871."

4. Upon any warrant, made under this Act, coming into operation, the Acts mentioned in Schedule Two to this Act shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that

197

Arrangements for sending dividend warrants on certain India stocks through the post to be made with the sanction of the Secretary of State in Council.

Reduction of rates of postage by warrant of the Treasury.

Construction of Act.

[Short title.]

Repeal of Acts in Schedule Two.

schedule mentioned, and all other enactments inconsistent with such warrant shall be repealed:

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(1.) The past operation of the enactments hereby repealed, or the validity or invalidity of anything done or suffered before the warrant comes into operation; or

(2.) Any right, title, obligation, or liability acquired or accrued before the warrant comes into operation; or (3.) Any penalty or forfeiture incurred before the warrant comes into operation; or (4.) The prosecution or institution of any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, title, obligation, liability, penalty, or forfeiture.

SCHEDULE ONE. POST OFFICE (DUTIES) ACTS.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 85. - An Act for the regulation of the duties of Postage. An Act for giving further facilities for the transmission of Letters by Post and for the regulating the duties of Postage thereon, and for other purposes relating to the Post Office. The Post Office Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79.

SCHEDULE TWO.

ACTS REPEALED.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. An Act for the regulation of the duties of Postage. So much of section two aa relates to letters to which this Act applies, and section four.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79. - The Post Office Act, 1870. So much of sections eight and nine as relates to pattern or sample packets.

CHAP. 31.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Trades Unions.

[29th June 1871.]

T> E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Trades Unions.

Ch. 3L

199

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as " The Trade Union Act, 1871." Short title *

Criminal Provisions.

2. The purposes of any trade union shall not, by reason Trade union merely that they are in restraint of trade, be deemed to be not criminal« unlawful so as to render any member of such trade union

liable to criminal prosecution for conspiracy or otherwise.

3. The purposes of any trade union shall not, by reason Trade 011 merely that they are in restraint of trade, be unlawful so as

to render void or voidable any agreement or trust. poses.

4. Nothing in this Act shall enable any court to entertain Trade union any legal proceeding instituted with the object of directly contracts, enforcing or recovering damages for the breach of any of the ^forceable. following agreements, namely,

1. Any agreement between members of a trade union as

such, concerning the conditions on which any members for the time being of such trade union shall or shall not sell their goods, transact business, employ, or be employed:

2. Any agreement for the payment by any person of any

subscription or penalty to a trade union:

3. Any agreement for the application of the funds of a

trade union, —

(sl) To provide benefits to members; or (b.) To furnish contributions to any employer or workman not a member of such trade union, in consideration of such employer or workman acting in conformity with the rules or resolutions of such trade union; or (c.) To discharge any fine imposed upon any person by sentence of a court of justice; or,

4. Any agreement made between one trade union and

another; or,

5. Any bond to secure the performance of any of the above-

mentioned agreements.

But nothing in this section shall be deemed to constitute any of the above-mentioned agreements unlawful.

5. The following Acts, that is to say, Provisions of

(1.) The Friendly Societies Acts, 1855 and 1858, and the *86g 19 Vict* Acts amending the same; 30 & 31 Vict.

(2.) The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1867, and c- 117->

any Act amending the same; and 26&Jlct '

(3.) The Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867, not to apply to

shall not apply to any trade union, and the registration oftrade nnions. any trade union under any of the said Acts shall be void, and the deposit of the rules of any trade union made under the Friendly Societies Acts, 1855 and 1858, and the Acts amending the same, before the passing of this Act, shall cease to be of any effect.

Trades Unions.

34 & 35 Vict.

Registry of trade unions.

Buildings for trade unions may be purchased or leased.

Property of the trade unions vested in trustees.

Actions, &c. by or against trustees, &c.

Registered Trade Unions.

6. Any seven or more members of a trade union may by subscribing their names to the rules of the union, and otherwise complying with the provisions of this Act with respect to registry, register such trade union under this Act, provided that if any one of the purposes of such trade union be unlawful such registration shall be void.

7. It shall be lawful for any trade union registered under this Act to purchase or take upon lease in the names of the trustees for the time being of such union any land not exceeding one acre, and to sell, exchange, mortgage, or let the same, and no purchaser, assignee, mortgagee, or tenant shall be bound to inquire whether the trustees have authority for any sale, exchange, mortgage, or letting, and the receipt of the trustees shall be a discharge for the money arising therefrom; and for the purpose of this section every branch of a trade union shall be considered a distinct union.

8. All real and personal estate whatsoever belonging to any trade union registered under this Act shall be vested in the trustees for the time being of the trade union appointed as provided by this Act, for the use and benefit of such trade union and the members thereof, and the real or personal estate of any branch of a trade union shall be vested in the trustees of such branch, and be under the control of such trustees, their respective executors or administrators, according to their respective claims and interests, and upon the death or removal of any such trustees the same shall vest in the succeeding trustees for the same estate and interest as the former trustees had therein, and subject to the same trusts, without any conveyance or assignment whatsoever, save and except in the case of stocks and securities in the public funds of Great Britain and Ireland, which shall be transferred into the names of such new trustees; and in all actions, or suits, or indictments, or summary proceedings before any court of summary jurisdiction, touching or concerning any such property, the same shall be stated to be the property of the person or persons for the time being holding the said office of trustee, in their proper names, as trustees of such trade union, without any further description.

9. The trustees of any trade union registered under this Act, or any other officer of such trade union who may be authorised so to do by the rules thereof, are hereby empowered to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any action, suit, prosecution, or complaint in any court of law or equity, touching or concerning the property, right, or claim to property of the trade union; and shall and may, in all cases concerning the real or personal property of such trade union, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any court of law or equity, in their proper names, without other description than the title of their office; and no such action, suit, pro-

1871. Trades Unions. Ch. 31. 201

secution, or complaint shall be discontinued or shall abate by the death or removal from office of such persons or any of them, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by their successor or successors as if such death, resignation, or removal had not taken place; and such successors shall pay or receive the like costs as if the action, suit, prosecution, or complaint had been commenced in their names for the benefit of or to be reimbursed from the funds of such trade union, and the summons to be issued to such trustee or other officer may be served by leaving the same at the registered office of the trade union.

10. A trustee of any trade union registered under this Act Limitation of shall not be liable to make good any deficiency which may arise or happen in the funds of such trade union, but shall be liable only for the moneys which shall be actually received by him on account of such trade union.

1L Every treasurer or other officer of a trade union regis- Treasurers, &c. tered under this Act, at such times as by the rules of such account *

trade union he should render such account as herein-after mentioned, or upon being required so to do, shall render to the trustees of the trade union, or to the members of such trade union, at a meeting of the trade union, a just and true account of all moneys received and paid by him since he last rendered the like account, and of the balance then remaining in his hands, and of all bonds or securities of such trade union, which account the said trustees shall cause to be audited by some fit and proper person or persons by them to be appointed; and such treasurer, if thereunto required, upon the said account being audited, shall forthwith hand over to the said trustees the balance which on such audit appears to be due from him, and shall also, if required, hand over to such trustees all securities and effects, books, papers, and property of the said trade union in his hands or custody; and if he fail to do so the trustees of the said trade union may sue such treasurer in any competent court for the balance appearing to have been due from him upon the account last rendered by him, and for all the moneys since received by him on account of the said trade union, and for the securities and effects, books, papers, and property in his hands or custody, leaving him to set off in such action the sums, if any, which he may have since paid on account of the said trade union; and in such action the said trustees shall be entitled to recover their full costs of suit, to be taxed as between attorney and client.

12. If any officer, member, or other person being or repre- Punishment senting himself to be a member of a trade union registered ^ith^olding under this Act, or the nominee, executor, administrator, or money> c* assignee of a member thereof, or any person whatsoever, by false representation or imposition obtain possession of any moneys, securities, books, papers, or other effects of such trade union, or, having the same in his possession, wilfully withhold or fraudulently misapply the same, or wilfully apply any part

202 Ch. 81. Trades Unions. 34 & 35 Vhtt.

of the same to purposes other than those expressed or directed in the rules of such trade union, or any part thereof, the court of summary jurisdiction for the place in which the registered office of the trade union is situate, upon a complaint made by any person on behalf of such trade union, or by the registrar, or in Scotland at the instance of the procurator fiscal of the court to which such complaint is competently made, or of the trade union, with his concurrence, may, by summary order, order such officer, member, or other person to deliver up all such moneys, securities, books, papers, or other effects to the trade union, or to repay the amount of money applied improperly, and to pay, if the court think fit, a further sum of money not exceeding twenty pounds, together with costs not exceeding twenty shillings; and, in default of such delivery of effects, or repayment of such amount of money, or payment of such penalty and costs aforesaid, the said oourt may order the said person so convicted to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months: Provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said trade union, or in Scotland Her Majesty's Advocate, from proceeding by indictment against the said party; provided also, that no person shall be proceeded against by indictment if a conviction shall have been previously obtained for the same offence under the provisions of this Act.

Regwtry of Trade Union.

Regulations 13. With respect to the registry, under this Act, of a trade for registry, union, and of the rules thereof, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) An application to register the trade union and printed copies of the rules, together with a list of the titles and names of the officers, shall be sent to the registrar under this Act:

(2.) The registrar, upon being satisfied that the trade union has complied with the regulations respecting registry in force under this Act, shall register such trade union and such rules:

(3.) No trade union shall be registered under a name identical with that by which any other existing trade union has been registered, or so nearly resembling such name as to be likely to deceive the members or the public:

(4.) Where a trade union applying to be registered has been in operation for more than a year before the date of such application, there shall be delivered to the registrar before the registry thereof a general statement of the receipts, funds, effects, and expenditure of such trade union in the same form, and showing the same particulars as if it were the annual general statement required as herein-after mentioned to be transmitted annually to the registrar:

1871.

Trades Unions.

Ch. 31.

203

(5.) The registrar upon registering such trade union shall issue a certificate of registry, which certificate, unless proved to have been withdrawn or cancelled, shall be conclusive evidence that the regulations of this Act with respect to registry have been complied with:

(6.) One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may from time to time make regulations respecting registry under this Act, and respecting the seal (if any) to be used for the purpose of such registry, and the forms to be used for such registry, and the inspection of documents kept by the registrar under this Act, and respecting the fees, if any, to be paid on registry, not exceeding the fees specified in the second schedule to this Act, and generally for carrying this Act into effect.

14. With respect to the rules of a trade union registered under this Act, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The rules of every such trade union shall contain provisions in respect of the several matters mentioned in the first schedule to this Act:

(2.) A copy of the rules shall be delivered by the trade union to every person on demand on payment of a sum not exceeding one shilling.

15. Every trade union registered under this Act shall have a registered office to which all communications and notices may be addressed; if any trade union under this Act is in operation for seven days without having such an office, such trade union and every officer thereof shall each incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day during which it is so in operation.

Notice of the situation of such registered office, and of any change therein, shall be given to the registrar and recorded by him: until such notice is given the trade union shall not be deemed to have complied with the provisions of this Act.

16. A general statement of the receipts, funds, effects, and expenditure of every trade union registered under this Act shall be transmitted to the registrar before the first day of June in every year, and shall show fully the assets and liabilities at the date, and the receipts and expenditure during the year preceding the date to which it is made out, of the trade anion; and shall show separately the expenditure in respect of the several objects of the trade union, and shall be prepared and made out up to such date, in such form, and shall comprise such particulars, as the registrar may from time to time require; and every member of, and depositor in, any such trade union shall be entitled to receive, on application to the treasurer or secretary of that trade union, a copy of such general statement, without making any payment for the same.

Together with such general statement there shall be sent to the registrar a copy of all alterations of rules and new rules and changes of officers made by the trade union during

Rules of registered trade unions.

Registered office of trade

Annual returns to be prepared as registrar may direct.

Registrars.

Circulating false copies of rules, &c. a misdemeanor.

Summary proceedings for offences, penalties, &c.

the year preceding the date up to which the general statement is made out, and a copy of the rules of the trade union as they exist at that date.

Every trade union which foils to comply with or acts in contravention of this section, and also every officer of the trade union so failing, shall each be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence.

Every person who wilfully makes or orders to be made any false entry in or any omission from any such general statement, or in or from the return of such copies of rules or alterations of rules, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for each offence.

17. The registrars of the friendly societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland shall be the registrars under this Act.

The registrars shall lay before Parliament annual reports with respect to the matters transacted by such registrars in pursuance of this Act.

18. If any person with intent to mislead or defraud gives to any member of a trade union registered under this Act, or to any person intending or applying to become a member of such trade union, a copy of any rules or of any alterations or amendments of the same other than those respectively which exist for the time being, on the pretence that the same are the existing rules of such trade union, or that there are no other rules of such trade union, or if any person with the intent aforesaid gives a copy of any rules to any person on the pretence that such rules are the rules of a trade union registered under this Act which is not so registered, every person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.

Legal Proceedings.

19. In England and Ireland all offences and penalties under this Act may be prosecuted and recovered in manner directed by The Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

In England and Ireland summary orders under this Act may be made and enforced on complaint before a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by The Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Provided as follows:

1. The "Court of Summary Jurisdiction" when hearing and determining an information or complaint, shall be constituted in some one of the following manners; that is to say,

(a.) In England,

(1.) In any place within the jurisdiction of a metropolitan police magistrate or other stipendiary magistrate, of such magistrate or his substitute:

(2.) In the city of London, of the Lord Mayor or any alderman of the said city:

(3.) In any other place, of two or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions.

Trades Unions,

Cfc. 31.

(b.) In Ireland,

(1.) In the police district of Dublin metropolis, of a divisional justice:

(2.) In any other place, of a resident magistrate.

In Scotland all offences and penalties under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered by the procurator fiscal of the county in the Sheriff Court, under the provisions of The Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

In Scotland summary orders under this Act may be made and enforced on complaint in the Sheriff Court.

All the jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for giving effect to these provisions relating to Scotland are hereby conferred on the sheriffs and their substitutes.

Provided that in England, Scotland, and Ireland —

2. The description of any offence under this Act in the words of such Act shall be sufficient in law.

3. Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification, whether it does or not accompany the description of the offence in this Act, may be proved by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived in the information/and if so specified or negatived, no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or prosecutor.

20. In England or Ireland, if any party feels aggrieved by any order or conviction made by a court of summary jurisdiction on determining any complaint or information under this Act, the party so aggrieved may appeal therefrom, subject to the conditions and regulations following:

(1.) The appeal shall be made to some court of general or quarter sessions for the county or place in which the cause of appeal has arisen, holden not less than fifteen days and not more than four months after the decision of the court from which the appeal is made:

(2.) The appellant shall, within seven days after the cause of appeal has arisen, give notice to the other party and to the court of summary jurisdiction of his intention to appeal, and of the ground thereof:

(3.) The appellant shall immediately after such notice enter into a recognizance before a justice of the peace in the sum of ten pounds, with two sufficient sureties in the sum of ten pounds, conditioned personally to try such appeal, and to abide the judgment of the court thereon, and to pay such costs as may be awarded by the court:

(4.) Where the appellant is in custody the justice may, if he think fit, on the appellant entering into such recognizance as aforesaid, release him from custody:

Appeal to quarter

sessions.

Appeal in Scotland as prescribed by 20 Geo. 2. c. 43.

Interested person not to act as a member of a court of appeal.

Definitions.

As to the term "Summary Jurisdiction Acts: "

Ch. 81. Trades Unions. 34 & 35 Vict.

(5.) The court of appeal may adjourn the appeal, and upon the hearing thereof they may confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the court of summary jurisdiction) or remit the matter to the court of summary jurisdiction with the opinion of the court of appeal thereon, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just, and if the matter be remitted to the court of summary jurisdiction the said last-mentioned court shall thereupon re-hear and decide the information or complaint in accordance with the opinion of the said court of appeal The court of appeal may also make such order as to costs to be paid by either party as the court thinks just.

2L In Scotland it shall be competent to any person to appeal against any order or conviction under this Act to the next Circuit Court of Justiciary, or where there are no Circuit Courts to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the manner prescribed by and under the rules, limitations, conditions, and restrictions contained in the Act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Second, chapter forty-three, in regard to appeals to Circuit Courts in matters criminal, as the same may be altered or amended by any Acts of Parliament for the time being in force.

All penalties imposed under the provisions of this Act in Scotland may be enforced in default of payment by imprisonment for a term to be specified in the summons or complaint, but not exceeding three calendar months.

All penalties imposed and recovered under the provisions of this Act in Scotland shall be paid to the sheriff clerk, and shall be accounted for and paid by him to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer on behalf of the Crown.

22. A person who is a master, or father, son, or brother of a master, in the particular manufacture, trade, or business in or in connexion with which any offence under this Act is charged to have been committed shall not act as or as a member of a court of summary jurisdiction or appeal for the purposes of this Act.

Definitions.

23. In this Act —

The term Summary Jurisdiction Acts means as follows:

As to England, the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions " within England and Wales with respect to summary " convictions and orders/' and any Acts amending the same:

As to Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices

Trades Union*.

OblSL

807

of the peace for such district, or erf the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland, "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same.

In Scotland the term "misdemeanor" means a crime and offence.

The term "trade union" means such combination, whether As to " trade temporary or permanent, for regulating the relations uni011*' between workmen and masters, or between workmen and workmen, or between masters and masters, or for imposing restrictive conditions on the conduct of any trade or business, as would, if this Act had not passed, have been deemed to have been an unlawful combination by reason of some one or more of its purposes being in restraint of trade: Provided that this Act shall not affect —

1. Any agreement between partners as to their own business;

2. Any agreement between an employer and those employed by him as to such employment;

8. Any agreement in consideration of the sale of the goodwill of a business or of instruction in any profession, trade, or handicraft.

Repeal.

24. The Trades Unions Funds Protection Act, 1869, hereby repealed.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered under the said Act:

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under the said Act:

(3.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred in respect of any offence against the said Act:

(4.) The institution of any investigation or legal proceeding or any other remedy for ascertaining, enforcing, recovering, or imposing any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

Repeal of Trades Unions Funds Protection Act, 1869, as herein stated.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Of Matters to be provided for by the Rules of Trade Unions Registered under this Act.

1. The name of the trade union and place of meeting for the business of the trade union.

2. The whole of the objects for which the trade union is to be established, the purposes for which the funds thereof shall be applicable, and the conditions under which any member may become entitled to any benefit assured thereby, and the fines and forfeitures to be imposed on any member of such trade union.

3. The manner of making, altering, amending, and rescinding rules.

See 18 & 19 Vict c. 63. s. 25.

4. A provision for the appointment and removal of a general committee of management, of a trustee or trustees, treasurer, and other officers.

5. A provision for the investment of the funds, and for an annual or periodical audit of accounts.

6. The inspection of the books and names of members of the trade union by every person having an interest in the funds of the trade union.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Maximum Fees.

For registering trade union For registering alterations in rules For inspection of documents -

CHAP. 32.

An Act to amend the Criminal Law relating to Violence, Threats, and Molestation.

[29th June 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Every person who shall do any one or more of the following acts, that is to say,

(1.) Use violence to any person or any property,

(2.) Threaten or intimidate any person in such manner as would justify a justice of the peace, on complaint made to him, to bind over the person so threatening or intimidating to keep the peace,

(3.) Molest or obstruct any person in manner defined by this section, with a view to coerce such person, —

(1.) Being a master to dismiss or to cease to employ any workman, or being a workman to quit any employment or to return work before it is finished;

(2.) Being a master not to offer or being a workman not to accept any employment or work;

(3.) Being a master or workman to belong or not to belong to any temporary or permanent association or combination;

(4.) Being a master or workman to pay any fine or penalty imposed by any temporary or permanent association or combination;

(5.) Being a master to alter the mode of carrying on his business, or the number or description of any persons employed by him, shall be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months.

£ s. <L -10 0 - 0 10 0 -026

209

1871. Criminal Law Amendment (Violence, &c.) Ch. 32.

A person shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to molest or obstruct another person in any of the following cases; that is to say *

(1.) If he persistently follow such person about from place to place:

(2.) If he hide any tools, clothes, or other property owned or used by such person, or deprive him of or hinder him in the use thereof:

(3.) If he watch or beset the house or other place where such person resides or works, or carries on business, or happens to be, or the approach to such house or place, or if with two or more other persons he follow such person in a disorderly manner in or through any street or road.

Nothing in this section shall prevent any person from being liable under any other Act, or otherwise, to any other or higher punishment than is provided for any offence by this section, so that no person be punished twice for the same offence.

Provided that no person shall be liable to any punishment for doing or conspiring to do any act on the ground that such act restrains or tends to restrain the free course of trade, unless such act is one of the acts herein-before specified in this section, and is done with the object of coercing as hereinbefore mentioned.

Legal Proceedings.

2. All offences under this Act shall be prosecuted under the provisions of The Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Provided as follows: —

1. The " Court of Summary Jurisdiction," when hearing and determining an information or complaint, shall be constituted in some one of the following manners; (that is to say,)

(a.) In England,

(i.) In any place within the jurisdiction of a metropolitan police magistrate or other stipendiary magistrate, of such magistrate or his substitute:

(ii.) In the city of London, of the Lord Mayor or any alderman of the said city:

(iii.) In any other place, of two or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions.

(b.) In Scotland, of the sheriff of the county or his substitute.

(c.) In Ireland,

(i.) In the police district of Dublin metropolis, of a divisional justice:

(ii.) In any other place, of a resident magistrate.

Summary proceedings for offences, penalties, &e.

210

Ch. 32. Criminal Law Amendment (Violence, <&c.) 34 & 35 Vici.

Appeal to quarter sessions in Great Britain.

Appeal in Scotland as prescribed by 20 Geo. 2. c. 43.

2. The description of any offence under this Act in the

words of such Act shall be sufficient in law.

3. Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualifica-

tion, whether it does or not accompany the description of the offence in this Act, may be proved by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived in the information, and if so specified or negatived, no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or prosecutor.

3. In England and Ireland, if any party feels aggrieved by any order or conviction made by a court of summary jurisdiction on determining any complaint or information under this Act, the party so aggrieved may appeal therefrom, subject to the conditions and regulations following:

(1.) The appeal shall be made to some court of general or quarter sessions for the county or place in which the cause of appeal has arisen, holden not less than fifteen days and not more than four months after the decision of the court from which the appeal is made:

(2.) The appellant shall, within seven days after the cause of appeal has arisen, give notice to the other party and to the court of summary jurisdiction of his intention to appeal, and of the ground thereof:

(3.) The appellant shall immediately after such notice enter into a recognizance in the sum of ten pounds before a justice of the peace, with two sufficient sureties in the sum of ten pounds, conditioned personally to try such appeal, and to abide the judgment of the court thereon, and to pay such costs as may be awarded by the court:

(4.) Where the appellant is in custody the justice may, if he think fit, on the appellant entering into such recognizance as aforesaid, release him from custody:

(5.) The court of appeal may adjourn the appeal, and upon the hearing thereof they may confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the court of summary jurisdiction, or remit the matter to the court of summary jurisdiction with the opinion of the court of appeal thereon, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just, and, if the matter be remitted to the court of summary jurisdiction, the said last-mentioned court shall thereupon re-hear and decide the information or complaint in accordance with the opinion of the said court of appeal. The court of appeal may also make such order as to costs to be paid by either party as the court thinks just.

4. In Scotland it shall be competent to any person to appeal against any order or conviction under this Act to the next Circuit Court of Justiciary, or where there are no Circuit

211

Courts to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the manner prescribed by and under the rules, limitations, conditions, and restrictions contained in the Act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Second, chapter forty-three, in regard to appeals to Circuit Courts in matters criminal, as the same may be altered or amended by any Acts of Parliament for the time being in force.

All offences under this Act shall be prosecuted by the procurator fiscal of the county.

5. A person who is a master, father, son, or brother of a master in the particular manufacture, trade, or business in or in connexion with which any offence under this Act is charged to have been committed shall not act as or as a member of a court of summary jurisdiction or appeal for the purposes of this Act.

Definitions.

6. In this Act —

The term Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall mean as follows:

As to England, the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of Justices of the Peace out of " Sessions within England and Wales with respect to " Summary Convictions and Orders," and any Acts amending the same;

As to Scotland," The Summary Procedure Act, 1864

As to Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district or of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland," The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same.

7. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned:

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed;

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under any enactment hereby repealed;

(3.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred in respect of any offence against any enactment hereby repealed;

(4.) The institution of any investigation or legal proceeding or any other remedy for ascertaining, enforcing, recovering, or imposing any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

Interested person not to act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 129. s. 13.

Definition of (f Summary Jurisdiction Acts.' '

Repeal of Acts in Schedule as herein stated.

Ch. 32, 33. Criminal Law Amendt.34 & 35 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 Geo. 4. c. 129. An Act to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other The whole Act.

provisions in lieu thereof. The whole Act.

22 Vict. c. 34. An Act to amend and explain an Act of the sixth year of the reign of King George the Fourth to repeal the Laws re- 1 lating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Offences against the Person. Section forty-one.

CHAP. 33.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81.

23 & 24 Vict. C. 64.

Approval of Secretary of State to appointment of burial board.

An Act to explain and amend the Burial Acts.

[29th June 1871]

WHEREAS under the Burial Acts it is not lawful for a vestry or meeting in the nature of a vestry in certain cases to appoint a burial board without the approval of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and doubts have arisen whether such approval is to be given before or after the appointment of a board, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where the approval of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the appointment of a burial board by a vestry or meeting in the nature of a vestry is required under the Burial Acts, such vestry or meeting in the nature of a vestry shall not, after the passing "of this Act, appoint such board until a resolution of such vestry or meeting declaring the expediency of such appointment has been passed, and notice thereof sent to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the same has been approved of by the Secretary of State, and approval of such resolution shall be deemed to be approval of the appointment of the board.

The Secretary of State before giving such approval may require notice of such resolution, in such form and containing such particulars as he may direct, to be published in such

1871. .BurwL Act Aimndment. Ch. 33, 34. 213

manner as he may think sufficient for giving notice thereof to ail persons interested.

Provided that where the approval of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State has been given before the passing of this Act to the appointment of any burial board, that approval shall be valid whether it has been given before or after the date of such appointment.

[Act to be

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act, and those Acts and this construed Act may be cited together as the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1871, scteduie and each of them may be cited as the Burial Act of the year short title, in which it was passed.

SCHEDULE.

The Burial Acts, 1852 to 1871.

Session and Chapter.

Title of Act.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134.-

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 8 1.

22 Vict. c. 1.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 100.-

An Act to amend the laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis.

An Act to amend the laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in England, beyond the limits of the Metropolis, and to amend, the Act concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis.

An Act to make further provision for the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the limits of the Metropolis.

An Act further to amend the laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in England.

An Act to amend the Burial Acts.

An Act more effectually to prevent danger to the Public Health from places of Burial.

An Act to make further provision for the expenses of Local Boards of Health and Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards.

An Act to authorize Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards to mortgage certain rates for the purposes of the Burial Acts.

CHAP. 34.

An Act to extend in certain respects the power of Local Legislatures in India as regards European British subjects.

[29th June 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the power of making laws T" and regulations conferred on Governors of Presidencies in India in Council by the Indian Councils Act, 24 & 25 Vict. c. 67., sec. 42, should in certain respects be extended:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

214

Power to Local Legislatures to confer jurisdiction over European British subjects to magistrates in certain cases.

Committal of defendant (being an European British subject), to the High Court.

(Indian Act, No. xxv. of 1861, s. 226.)

Power to Local Legislatures to amend and repeal certain laws.

Ch. 34, 35. India (Local Legislatures). 34 & 35 Ykjt.

1. No law or regulation heretofore made or hereafter to be made by any Governor or Lieutenant Governor in Council in India in manner prescribed by the aforesaid Act shall be invalid only by reason that it confers on magistrates, being justices of the peace, the same jurisdiction over European British subjects as such Governor or Lieutenant Governor in Council, by regulations made as aforesaid, could have lawfully conferred or could lawfully confer on magistrates in the exercise of authority over natives in the like cases.

2. When evidence has been given in any proceeding under this Act before a magistrate, being a justice of the peace, which appears to be sufficient for the conviction of the accused person, being an European British subject, of an offence for which, if a native, he would under existing law be triable exclusively before the Court of Session, or which, in the opinion of the magistrate, is one which ought to be tried by the High Court, the accused person, if such European British subject, shall be sent for trial by the magistrate before the High Court.

3. And whereas by an Act passed by the Governor General of India in Council, Indian Act, No. XXII. of 1870, it is provided that certain Acts heretofore passed by the Governors of Madras and Bombay respectively in Council, and by the Lieutenant Governor of Bengal in Council, shall, so far as regards the liability of European British subjects to be convicted and punished thereunder, be and be deemed to be as valid as if they had been passed by the Governor General of India in Council at a meeting for the purpose of making laws and regulations: Be it further enacted, that the said Governors and Lieutenant Governor in Council respectively shall have power to repeal and amend any of the said Acts so declared valid, by Acts to be passed under the provisions of the Indian Councils Act.

CHAP. 35.

An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings the property in and control over the buildings and property of the Police Courts of the Metropolis, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[29th June 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to transfer to the Corarais aioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings the complete control over the buildings and property of the police courts in the Metropolitan Police District mentioned in the Act of the session of the second and third years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-one, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis," and to vest the said buildings or property in the said Commissioners:

1871. Police Courts (Metropolis). Ch. 85. 215

Tie it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Metropolitan Police Court (Buildings) Act, 1871.

2. In this Act the term Commissioners of Works means Definition of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Build- of°WorkaOIierS ings as incorporated by the Act of the session of the fifteenth

and sixteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-eight, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of Her present Majesty u for the direction of Public Works and Buildings; and to " vest the buildings appropriated for the accommodation of the Supreme Courts of Justice in Edinburgh in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings."

3. All property, real and personal (other than money and Transfer of

securities for money, books, papers, and records), of or to which ^om

the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District is seised, commissioners possessed, or entitled in trust for any police court in the of Works. Metropolitan Police District, or otherwise under section seven

of the recited Act of the session of the second and third years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-one, shall, on the passing of this Act, pass to and be vested in the Commissioners of Works, for the same estate and interest, and subject to the same covenants, conditions, agreements, and liabilities for and subject to which the same were held by the said Receiver, and the said Receiver shall be discharged from such covenants, conditions, agreements, and liabilities.

4. The Commissioners of Works shall, under and subject As to provid-to the provisions of the Act of the session of the fourteenth j?^gHoffices and fifteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter &c. forty-two, intituled An Act to make better provision for the

" management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the direction of Public Works and " Buildings," from time to timfc build, purchase, hire, or otherwise provide such court house, offices, and buildings as may be necessary for carrying on the business of any of the police courts in the Metropolitan Police District mentioned in the recited Act, and cause the same to be furnished, cleaned, lighted, and warmed.

For the purposes of any such purchase the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same (except so much thereof as relates to the purchase of land otherwise than by agreement), are hereby incorporated with this Act, and in construing those Acts for the purposes of this Act the special Act shall be construed to mean this Act, and the promoters of the undertaking shall be construed to mean the Commissioners of Works.

5. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are Provisions hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of the said of Acts m

216

schedule

repealed.

[Short title.]

Definition of terms.

Application of Act

Ch. 35, 36. Police Courts (Metropolis). 34 & 35. Vict.

schedule mentioned, without prejudice to anything done or suffered, or any right acquired or accrued before the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 124.

An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis.

An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis.

The Metropolitan Police Receiver's Act, 1861.

So much of section sixteen as relates to any police court.

Section seven from "and shall make all such contracts" to "and shall deliver the same to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State."

So much of section five as relates to any police court.

CHAP. 36.

An Act to extend the provisions of the Pension Commutation Acts, 1869 and 1870, to certain Public Civil Officers, and to consolidate and amend the said Acts.

[29th June 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by " and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Pensions Commutation Act, 1871."

2. In this Act —

The term "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any two or more of them:

The term "pension" includes any half-pay, compensation allowance, superannuation or retirement allowance, or other payment of the like nature:

The term "officer" means commissioned officer and warrant officer in the Army and Navy, and subordinate officer in the Navy:

The term "public civil office" means any office other than that of an officer in Her Majesty's naval or land forces, the holder of which is paid his remuneration out of moneys provided by Parliament for supply services.

8. This Act shall apply only —

(1.) To officers in Her Majesty's naval or land forces; and (2.) To persons who have retired or have been removed from public civil offices in consequence of the abolition of their offices, or for the purpose of facilitating improvements in the organization of the departments

1871. Pension Commutation. Ch. 86. 217

to which they belonged, and to whom annual pensions have been granted by way of compensation for such retirement or removal.

4u It shall be lawful for the Treasury, in accordance with such regulations as they may from time to time make, on the confute ° application of any person to whom this Act applies, to com- pensions, mute his pension by the payment of a capital sum of money, calculated according to the estimated duration of the life of the pension-holder, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) In calculating the amount payable in respect of the commutation of any pension, the following rules shall be observed:

(a.) The age of the pension-holder shall be reckoned at the age he will attain on the birthday next succeeding his application for commutation;

(b.) In the case of impaired lives, years shall be added to the age of the pension-holder for the purpose of calculating the amount of commutation payable to him; and in like manner a deduction from age shall be made as an equivalent for the right to prospective increase of the pension to be commuted;

(c.) In calculating the amount payable in respect of any pension, interest shall be reckoned at a rate of not less than five pounds per centum per annum:

(2.) Where any officer in the naval or land forces of Her Majesty whose pension has been commuted under this Act subsequently marries, his widow shall not be entitled to any pension, and a child of any such officer bom after the date of the commutation of his pension shall not be entitled to compassionate allowance:

(3.) Save as aforesaid, nothing in this Act contained shall be held to deprive the wife or children of any officer whose pension may be commuted of any reversionary right to pension or compassionate allowance to which she or they may be entitled:

(4.) No application for the commutation of a pension shall be received unless it be accompanied, in the case of an officer who has belonged to Her Majesty's naval forces, by a recommendation from the Admiralty, and in the case of an officer who has belonged to Her Majesty's land forces, by a recommendation from the War Office, and in the case of any other person, by a recommendation from the head of the department to which the applicant belongs, unless the Treasury otherwise direct.

5. There shall be constituted for the purpose of advising Commutation on the cases of applicants for commutation of pensions under constl' this Act a board, in this Act called " the commutation board"

Payment of commutation moneys.

Power to Treasury to make regulations.

Moneys paid for commutation of pensions to be repaid by annuities.

Penalty on persons

Ch. 36. Pension Commutation. 34 & 35 Vict.

The commutation board shall consist of the Comptroller-General for the time being of the National Debt Office, and of four other persons to be from time to time appointed by the Treasury.

The Treasury may from time to time appoint, and remove, an actuary, medical referees, and such other officers or servants as they may consider necessary, and may pay them such remuneration as they may think fit.

The commutation board shall inquire into and report to the Treasury upon the cases of applicants for commutation under this Act in such manner as the Treasury directs.

6. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with the consent of the Treasury, may pay the amounts awarded as commutations of pensions out of any funds for the time being in their hands under the authority of the Act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fourteen, and the Act of the session of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the same reign, chapter eighty-seven, or either of such Acts.

7. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Treasury may from time to time make, alter, or revoke regulations as to the following matters:

(1.) The rules according to which applications for commutation are to be made or, on payment of a prescribed fee, to be withdrawn:

(2.) The tables according to which the duration of life of applicants for commutation is to be calculated for the purposes of this Act:

(3.) The terms upon which pensions are to be commuted, and the cases in which commutation is to be refused.

8. An account shall be made up annually of the amount paid by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the commutation of pensions under this Act, and a terminable annuity shall be annually paid out of the votes of Parliament upon which the respective pensions were chargeable previous to commutation, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of an amount sufficient to repay to the said Commissioners, at the expiration of ten years, the amount advanced by them, together with interest thereon at a rate of not less than three and a half per centum per annum, and the amount of the annuity payable in respect of the commutation of pensions shall be notified by a certificate under the hand of the actuary of the National Debt Office, in the case of an officer in the naval forces to the Admiralty, and in the case of an officer in the land forces to the War Office, and in the case of any other person to the head of the department to which the person belonged whose pension has been so commuted, or to such other person as may be directed by the Treasury.

9. If any applicant for commutation under this Act wilfully make any false declaration in relation to any matter or thing

1871. Pension Commutation. Ch. 36. 31 f

required by any regulation made in pursuance of this Act he making ftke shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be declarations, liable on conviction to forfeit all claim to his pension or the value thereof, and to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

10. If any pension-holder whose pension has been commuted Deduction in pursuance of this Act accepts any public employment, a deduction shall be made from the salary payable to him in ^herepension-respect of such employment equal to the amount which would holder takes have been abated from the pension if it had not been oom- office-muted; and in the event of his becoming entitled to a pension in respect of such employment* the amount of such pension granted to him shall not exceed the amount which he might have received had his pension not been so commuted.

1L If at any time it appear desirable to the Treasury and Consolidated to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, having regard to the funds out of which the said Commissioners commissioners are authorised by this Act to pay the amounts awarded as if necessary, commutations of pensions, that an issue in money should be made out of the Consolidated Fund in repayment of advances made from such funds, the Treasury may, upon a certificate to that effect under the hands of the Comptroller-General, or Assistant Comptroller, acting under the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, issue to the said Commissioners out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sum as may be named in such certificate.

12. When an issue has been made as aforesaid out of Commutation the Consolidated Fund in repayment of advances made by j|^ij^0t0 1x5 the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt repay issues under this Act, the actuary of the National Debt Office shall fro.in the Con-cerfcify to the said Commissioners the annual amount which 8ohdated Fund* should be applied for a term of years to be fixed by the Commissioners, with the assent of the Treasury, as the equivalent value of the amount so repaid to the said Commissioners, and the said Commissioners shall annually apply

the amount so certified, for the fixed term of years, out of the moneys to be paid to them from year to year in respect of commutations of pensions under this Act, to the purchase and cancelling of perpetual or other annuities, exchequer bills, bonds, bank advances, or other descriptions of debt, chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund, and the said actuary shall take the rate of interest at which the annual payments are to be made to the said Commissioners under this Act as the basis upon which the amount of the annual payments so to be applied are to be valued.

Temporary Prwrisions and Repeal.

13, The persons who at the time of the passing of this Act Continuance are members of the commutation board shall constitute the

first commutation board under this Act, and any regulations

made by the Treasury in pursuance of "The Pensions Com- board, and of

220

existing regulations.

Repeal of

32 & 33 Vict. c. 32. and

33 & 34 Vict. C. 101.

I

Ch. 36, 37. Pension Commutation. 34 & 35 Vict.

mutation Act, 1869/' shall continue in force until revoked or altered in pursuance of this Act.

14. "The Pensions Commutation Act, 1869/' and the Act of the session of the thirty-third and thirty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and one, intituled An Act for amending the sixth section of the " Pensions Commutation Act, 1869/' shall be wholly repealed Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect —

(1.) Any pension duly granted or anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed:

(2.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred in respect of any offence against any enactment hereby repealed, or the institution of any proceeding for enforcing or recovering any such penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

CHAP. 37.

An Act to amend the law relating to the Tables of Lessons and Psalter contained in the Prayer Book.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS Commissioners were appointed by Her Majesty to inquire and consider (amongst other matters) the Proper Lessons appointed to be read in Morning and Evening Prayer on the Sundays and Holy-days throughout the year and the Table of First and Second Lessons contained in the Calendar in the Book of Common Prayer according to the use of the United Church of England and Ireland, with a view of suggesting and reporting whether any and what alterations and amendments might be advantageously made in the selection of Lessons to be read at the time of divine service:

And whereas the said Commissioners have made a Report recommending that the revised Tables of Lessons proper to be read on Sundays and Holy-days, and the revised Table of daily First and Second Lessons set out in the Schedule to that Report and in the Schedule to this Act, should be adopted in lieu of the Table of Proper Lessons to be read at Morning and Evening Prayer on the Sundays and other Holy-days throughout the year, and the Table of daily First and Second Lessons in the Calendar prefixed to the said Book of Common Prayer:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise the use of the said revised Tables of Lessons, and to make such consequential alterations as may be necessary in the directions contained in the said Book of Common Prayer respecting " the order how the rest of Holy Scripture is appointed to be read

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

221

1871. Prayer Book (Tables of Lessons). Ch. 37.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Prayer Book (Tables of Lessons) Act, 1871."

2. After the first day of January one thousand eight Substitution hundred and seventy-two, the directions respecting " the order how the rest of Holy Scripture is appointed to be read," the Schedule for Table of Proper Lessons, and the Table of daily First and old tables. Second Lessons contained in the Second Part of the Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the following parts of the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England respectively; that is to say,

(1.) The said directions for the directions respecting "the " order how the rest of Holy Scripture is appointed " to be read," set out in the First Part of the said Schedule;

(2.) The said Table of Proper Lessons for the Table of " Proper Lessons to be read at Morning and Evening u Prayer on the Sundays and other Holy-days " throughout the year (3.) The said Table of daily First and Second Lessons for the corresponding portion of the Table of daily First and Second Lessons contained in the " Calendar with the Table of Lessons;" and all Acts relating to the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England shall be construed to refer to such Book as altered by this Act, and after the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one the directions and Tables of Lessons contained in the Second Part of the Schedule to this Act shall be printed and published in all editions of the said Book of Common Prayer and (so far as necessary) of the said Acts in lieu of the directions and Tables of Lessons for which they are by this Act substituted: Provided that Old tables the Table of Lessons hitherto in legal use may at any time prior to the first of January one thousand eight hundred and 1379. seventy-nine be followed in lieu of the table hereby substituted therefor; and provided that the occasions whereon Proviso repower to alter the appointed Psalms and Lessons is, by the J^i^gapower Schedule to this Act, committed to the Ordinary, shall be all pointed Psalms occasions whereon the Ordinary shall judge that such alteration and Lessons, will conduce to edification.

SCHEDULE.

FIRST PART.

Existing Directions prefixed to the Prayer? Book to be omitted

in future.

The Order how the rest of Holy Scripture is

APPOINTED TO BE READ.

The Old Testament is appointed for the First Lessons at Morning and Evening Prayer, so as the most part thereof will be read every year once, as in the Calendar is appointed.

The New Testament is appointed for the Second Lessons at Morning and Evening Prayer, and shall be read over orderly every

222

Ch. 37. Prayer Book {Tables of Lessons). 34 & 35 Vict.

year thrice, besides the Epistles and Gospels, except the Apocalypse, out of which there are only certain Proper Lessons appointed upon divers feasts.

And to know what Lessons shall be read every day, look for the day of the month in the Calendar following, and there ye shall find the chapters that shall be read for the Lessons, both at Morning and Evening Prayer, except only the moveable feasts, which are not in the Calendar, and the immoveable, where there is a blank left in the column of Lessons, the Proper Lessons for all which days are to be found in the Table of Proper Lessons.

And note that whensoever Proper Psalms or Lessons are appointed, then the Psalms and Lessons of ordinary course appointed in the Psalter and Calendar (if they be different) shall be omitted for th at time.

Note also that the Collect, Epistle, and Gospel appointed for the Sunday shall serve all the week after where it is not in this Book otherwise ordered.

SECOND PART.

Directions to be prefixed to the Prayer Book in lieu of the Directions in the First Part of this Schedule.

The Order how the rest of Holt Scripture is

APPOINTED TO BE READ.

The Old Testament is appointed for the First Lessons at Morning and Evening Prayer, so as the most part thereof will be read every year once, as in the Calendar is appointed.

The New Testament is appointed for the Second Lessons at Morning and Evening Prayer, and shall be read over orderly every year twice, once in the morning and once in the evening, besides the Epistles and Gospels, except the Apocalypse, out of which there are only certain Lessons appointed at the end of the year, and certain proper Lessons appointed upon divers feasts.

And to know what Lessons shall be read every day, look for the dny of the month in the Calendar following, and there ye shall find the chapters and portions of chapters that shall be read for the Lessons both at Morning and Evening Prayer, except only the moveable feasts, which are not in the Calendar, and the immoveable, where there is a blank left in the column of Lessons, the Proper Lessons for all which days are to be found in the Table of Proper Lessons.

If Evening Prayer is said at two different times in the same place of worship on any Sunday (except a Sunday for which alternative Second Lessons are specially appointed in the table), the Second Lesson at the second time may, at the discretion of the minister, be any chapter from the four Gospels, or any Lesson appointed in the Table of Lessons from the four Gospels.

Upon occasions, to be approved by the Ordinary, other Lessons may, with his consent, be substituted for those which are appointed in the Calendar.

And note that whensoever Proper Psalms or Lessons are appointed, then the Psalms and Lessons of ordinary course appointed in the Psalter and Calendar (if they be different) shall be omitted for that time.

Note also that upon occasions to be appointed by the Ordinary, other Psalms may, with his consent, be substituted for those appointed in the Psalter.

223

If aiiy of the Holy-days for which Proper Lessons are appointed in the table fall upon a Sunday which is the first Sunday in Advent,

Easter Day, Whitsunday, or Trinity Sunday, the Lessons appointed for such Sunday shall he read, but if it fall upon any other Sunday, the Lessons appointed either for the Sunday or for the Holy-day may be read at the discretion of the minister.

Note also that the Collect, Epistle, and Gospel appointed for the Sunday shall serve all the week after, where it is not in this Book otherwise ordered.

Table of Proper Lessons to be inserted in lieu of existing Table of

Proper Lessons.

PROPER LESSONS

TO BE BEAD AT MORNING AND EVENING PRATER QN THE SUNDAYS AND OTHER HOLY-DAYS THROUGHOUT THE YEAR.

LESSONS PROPER FOR SUNDAYS.

Evensong.

Sunday8 of Advent.

The First Isaiah i. Isaiah ii. or Isaiah iv. v, 2

Second V. — xi, to v. 11, — xxiv.

Third - — XXV. — xxvi., — xxviii. v. 5 to v. 19

Fourth Sundays after Christmas. — XXX. to V. 27 xxxii., — xxxiii. v. 2 to v. 23

The First - — XXXV. — xxxviii., — xl.

Second Sundays after the Epiphany. — xlii. *" xliii., — xliv.

The First - — li. Iii. v. 13, — & liii. liv.

Second - — lv. — . lvii., — lxi.

Third — lxii. — Ixy., — lxvi.

Fourth - -I Job xxvii. Job xxviii., Job xxix.

Fifth - Proverbs i. Proverbs iii., Proverbs viii.

Sixth - — ix. — xi., — XV.

Septuagesima. First Lesson - Gen. i. & ii. to v. 4 Genesis ii. v. 4, Job xxxviii.

Second Lesson Rev. xxi. to v. 9 Rev. xxi. v. 9 to xxii. v. 6.

Sexagenima. Gen.

First Lesson - iii. Genesis vi., Genesis viii.

Quinquagesima. xii., —

First Lesson - — ix. to v. 20 — xiii.

Sundays in Lent

The First Fiat Lesson - Gen. xix. v. 12 to v. SO Genesis xxii. to, Genesis v. 20 xxiii.

Second, — xxvii. to v. 41 — xxviii., — xxxii.

Third, — xxx viL — xxxix. w — xl.

Fourth, xlii. — xliii., — xlv.

Fifth, — Exodus iii. T1 1 . JUAUUUD v., Exodus vi. to v. 14

Sixth First Lesson - ix. — x., — xi.

Second Lesson Matt. xxvi. Luke xix. v. *28, Luke xx:. v. 9 to v. 21

Easter Day.

First Lesson - Exodus xii. to v. 29 Exodus xii. v. 29, Exodus xiv.

Second Lesson Rev. L v. 10 to v. 19 John: tx. v.] 1, Rev. too. 19 V.

224

— Mattins. Evensong.

Sundays after Easter. The First First Lesson Num. xvi. to v. 86 Num. xvi. v. 86 or Num. xviL to v. 12

Second Lesson 1 Cor. xv. to v. 29 John xx. v. 24 to v. 30

Second First Lesson _ Num. xx. to v. 14 Num. xx. v. 14 it — xxi. v. 10

Third, _ xxii. to xxi. v. 10 — xxiii. tt XXIV.

Fourth, - Dent. iv. to v. 23 Deut iv. v. 23 it Dent. v.

Fifth, — vi. to v. 41 — ix. a X

Sunday after Ascension Day. First Lesson - XXX. — xxxiv. >9 Joshua l

Whitsunday.

First Lesson - — xvi. to v. 18 Isaiah xi if Ezekiel xxxvi

Second Lesson Horn. viii. to v. 18 GaL v. v. 16 it o.25 Acts xviii. o. 24

to xix. o. 21

Trinity Sunday.

First Lesson - Isaiah vi. to v. 11 Gen. xviii it Gen. i & ii. to v. 4

Second Lesson Rev. i to v. 9 Eph. iv. to v. 17 a Matt. iii

Sundays after Trinity.

The First First Lesson - Josh. iii. v. 7 to iv. v. 15 Josh. v. v. 13tovi. a Joshua xxiv.

Seeond, _ Judges iv. v. 21 Judges v. tt Judges vi o. 11

Third, - 1 Sam. ii. to v. 27 1 Sam. iii. a 1 Sam. iv. to o. 19

Fourth, - — xii. — xiii. tt Ruth L

Fifth, - — xv. to v. 24 — xvi. tt 1 Sam. xvii.

Sixth, - 2 Sam. i. 2 Sam. xii to a 2 Sam. xviii

Seventh, _ 1 Chron. xxi. v. 24 1 Chron. xxii. a 1 Chron. xxviii.

Eighth, _ — xxix. v. 9 to v. 29 2 Chron. i a to o.21 1 Kings iii.

Ninth, - 1 Kings x. to v. 25 1 Kings xi. to a — xi o. 26

Tenth, _ _ xii. v. 15 — xiii a — xvii.

Eleventh, - — xviii. — xix. tt — xxi.

Twelfth, - — xxii to v, 41 2 Kings ii. to v. 16 a 2 Kings iv. o. 8

Thirteenth, _ 2 Kings V. — vi to v. 24 a to o. 38 — vii.

Fourteenth, - — ix. — x. to v. 32 a — xiii.

Fifteenth, - — xviii. — xix. it — xxiii. to o. 31

Sixteenth, - 2 Chron. xxxvi. Nehem. i. & ii. ii Nehem. viii

Seventeenth, _ Jerem. V. to v. 9 Jerem. xxii. tt Jerem. xxxv.

Eighteenth, - — xxxvi. Ezekiel ii. a Ezekiel xiii. too. 17

Nineteenth, _ Ezekiel xiv. — xviii. it — xxiv. o. 15

Twentieth, - — xxxiv. — xxxvii. it Daniel i

Twenty-first, - Daniel iii. Daniel iv. a — V.

Twenty-second, Twenty-third, - — vi. — vii. v. 9 tt — xii.

- Hosea xiv. Joel ii. v. 21 a Joel iii. v. 9

Twenty-fourth, - Amos iii. Amos v. a Amos ix.

Twenty-fifth, - Micah iv, & v. to v. 8 Micah vi it Micah vii.

Twenty-sixth, - Habakkuk ii. Habakkuk iii. ft Zephaniah iii.

Twenty-seventh, Eccles. xi and xii. Haggai ii to v. 10 tt Malachi iii & iv.

Note. — That the Lessons appointed in the above Table for the Twenty-seventh Sunday after Trinity shall always be read on the Sunday next before Advent.

LESSONS PROPER FOR HOLY-DAYS.

St. Andrew. First Lesson Second Lesson -

St. Thonuu. first Lesson Second Lesson -

Nativity of Christ. First Lesson Second Lesson -

Mattins.

- Isaiah liv.

- John i. v. 85 to v. 43

- Job xiii to v. 7

- John xx. v. 19 to p. 24

- Isaiah ix. to v. 8

- Lake ii.to v. 15

Evensong.

Tftftiftb Ixv. tO V. 17

John xii. v. 20 to v. 42

Tftftjftb xxxv.

John xiv. to v. 8

Isa. vii. v. 10 to r. 17 Tit. iii. v. 4 to v. 9

St. Stephen.

First Lesson Second Lesson -

Sl John Evangelist. First Lesson Second Lesson -

- Genesis Acts

iv. to v. 11 vi

2 Chron. xxiv.v. 15 too. 23 Acts viii. to v. 9

- Exod. xxxiii. v. 9

- John xiii. v. 23 to v. 36

Isaiah

Rev.

* i.

i.

Innocents9 Dag. First Lesson

- Jerem.

xxxi. to v. 18

Barnch iv. v. 21 to v. 31

Circumcision.

First Lesson ...

8econd Lesson ...

Epiphany.

First Lesson ... Second Lesson -

Conversion of St. Paul.

First Lesson ... Second Lesson ...

Purification of the Virgin Mary. First Lesson ...

SL Matthias.

First Lesson ...

Annunciation of our Lady. First Lesson ...

Ash Wednesday.

First Lesson ...

Second Lesson -

Monday before Easter.

First Lesson -

Second Lesson -

Tuesday before Easter.

First Lesson -

Second Lesson ...

Wednesday before Easter. First Lesson ...

Second Lesson -

Thursday before Easter. First Lesson ...

Second Lesson.

Good Friday.

First Lesson

Second Lesson ...

Gen. Rom. xvii. v. 9 ii v. 17

Isaiah Luke iii. lx. v. 15 to v. 23

Isaiah GaL xlix. to v. 13 i. v. 11

Exod. xiii. to v. 17

1 Sam. it v. 27 to v. 36

Gen. iii. to v. 16

Isaiah lviii. to v. 13 Mark ii o. 13 to v. 28

Lament John i. too. 15 xiv. to o. 15

Lam. John iii. to o. 34 xv. to o. 14

Lam. John iv. to o. 21 xvi. to o. 16

Hosea John xiii too. 15 xvii.

Gen. John xxii. to v. 20 xviii

Dent x. o. 12

CoL ii. o. 8 to o. 18

Isaiah xlix. o. 18 to o. 24

John ii, to o. 12

Jerem i. to o. 11

Acts xxvi. to o. 21

Haggai ii. to o. 10

Taajab xxii. o. 15

Isaiah Iii. o.7 to v. 13

Jonah iii.

Hebrews xii. o. 3 to o. 18

Lament ii. o. 13

John xiv. o. 15

Lament iii o. 34

John XV. o. 14

Daniel ix. o. 20

John xvi. o. 16

Hosea xiv.

John xiii. to o. 36

Isa. Iii. o. 13 &liii.

1 Peter ii.

226

Ch. 37.

Prayer Book (Tables of Lessons). 34 & 35 Vier.

— Mattins. Evensong.

Editor Even. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Zechariah ix. Lake xxiii v. 50 Hosea Bom. v. v. 8 to vl v. 4 vi. to v. 14

Monday in Easter Week. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Exod. Luke xv. to v. 22 xxW. to v. 13 Cant Matt ii. v. 10 xxvifl. to v. 10

Tuesday in Easter Week. First Lesson -Second Lesson - 2 Kings xiii. v. 14 to v. 22 Job* xxito v. 15 Ezek. John xxxvii to v. 15 XXL 9. 15

St. Mark. First Lesson - Isaiah lxii. v. 6 Eask. L to v. 15

SS. Philip fr James. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Igftifth John lxi. i. v. 43 Zech. fa.

Ascension Day. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Dan. Luke vji r. 9 to v. 15 xxiv. v. 44 2 Kings Hebrews ii. to v. 16 fa.

Monday in Whitsun Week. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Gen. 1 Cor. xi to v. 10 xii. to v. 14 Num. 1 Car. xi v. 16 to v. 31 xii v. 27 & xiii.

Tuesday in Whitsun Week. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Joel 1 Thess. ii v. 21 y. v. ltto v. 24 Mica* 1 John iv. to r. 8 iv. tot. 14

St. Barnabas. First Lesson - Second Lesson - Dent. Acts xxxiii. to v. 12 is. v. 31 Nahum Acts L xfa.0.3

St. John Baptist. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Malachi Matt iii to v. 7 iii Malaehi Matt fa. xrv. for. 13

St. Peter. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Ezek. iii. v. 4 to v. 15 John xxi. v. 15 to v. 23 Zech. Acts E iv. v. 8 to 1.13

St. James. First Lesson -Second Lesson - 9 Kings Luke i to v. 16 ix. v. 51 to v. 57 Jer. xxvi. v. 8 lot. 1 *

St. Bartholomew. First Lesson - Gen. xxviii v. 10 to v. 18 Dent xviii v. 15

St. Matthew. First Lesson - 1 Kings xix. v. 15 1 Chron. xxix.too.S0

St. Michael. First Lesson -Second Lesson - Gen. Acts xxxii. xii v. 5 to v. 18 Dan. Rev. X. 0. 4 xiv. v. 14

St. Luke. First Lesson ... Isaiah lv. Ecclus. xxxviii. to v. 15

SS. Simon and Jude. First Lesson - Isaiah xxviii. o, 9 to v. 17 Jerem. in. 9. 12 to 0.19

All Saints. First Lesson ... Second Lesson ... Wisd. iii. to v. 10 Heb. xL v. 33 & xii. to v. 7 Wisd. Her. v. to v. 17 xix. to 0.17

227

Table of Daily First and Second Lessons to be inserted in the Calendar prefixed to the PrayeT Book in lieu of the existing Table.

Note. — With the exception of the Table of Lessons the rest of the Calendar will remain as before the passing of this Act under 24 Geo. 2. c. 28. and the Acts amending the same.

JANG- MORNING PRAYER. EVENING PRAYER.

ART. First Lesson. Second Lesson. First Lesson. Second Lesson.

1 2

Genesis i. to r. 20 Matt. i. r. 18 Genesis i. v. 20 to Acts i.

ii. r. 4

3 — ii. v. 4 — ii. — in. to v. 20 — ii. to t». 22

4 — iii. r. 20 to — iii. — iv. r. 16 — ii. r. 22

iv. v. 16

5 — *. to v. 28 — iv. to v. 23 — v. r. 28 to — iii.

6 7 vi. r. 9

— vi. v. 9 — iv. r. 23 to — vii. — iv. to r. 32

v. r. 13

8 — vm. — v. r. 13 to — ix. to r. 20 — iv. v. 32 to

r. 33 v. v. 17

9 — xi. to v. 10 — v. r. 33 — xii.- — v. v. 17

10 — xiii. — vi. to r. 19 — xiv. — vi.

11 XV. — vi r. 19 to — xvi. — vii. to v. 35

vii. r. 7

12 — xvii. for. 23 — vii. r. 7 — xviii. for. 17 — vii. r. 35 to

viii. v. 5

18 — xviii. r. 17 — viii. to r. 18 — xix. v. 12 to — viii. v. 5 to

v. 30 v. 26

14 XX. — viii r. 18 — xxi. to v. 22 — viii. v. 26

15 — xxi. r. 33 to — ix. to r. 18 — xxiii. — ix. to v. 23

xxii. v. 20

16 — xxiv.for.22 — . ix. v. 18 — xxiv. v. 29 to — ix. v. 23

r. 52

17 — xxiv. v. 52 — x. to r. 24 — xxv. r. 5 to — x. to v. 24

' v. 19

18 — xxv. v. 19 — X. r. 24 — xxvi. for. 18 — x. v. 24

19 — xxvi. v. 18 — xi. — xxvii. for. 30 — xi.

20 — xxvii. v. 30 — xii. to r. 22 — xxviii. — xii.

21 — xxix.for.21 — xii. r. 22 — xxxi. to v. 25 — xiii. to v. 26

22 — xxxi. r. 36 — xiii. for. 24 — xxxii. to — xiii. v. 26

r. 22

23 — xxxiL r. 22 — xiii. r. 24 to — xxxiii. — xiv.

v. 53

24 — xxxt. to — - xiii. r. 53 to — xxxvii. to — xv. to r. 30

25 28 r. 21 xiv. r. 13 r. 12

. — xxxvii. — xiv. r. 13 — xxxix. — xv. r. 30 to

r. 12 xvi. v. 16

27 — xL — xv. to r. 21 — xli. to r. 17 — xvi. v. 16

28 — xli. r. 17 to — xv. r. 21 — xli. r. 53 to — xvii. to v. 16

r. 53 xiii. r. 25

29 — xlii. r. 25 — xvi. to r. 24 — xliii. to r. 25 — xvii. r. 16

30 — xliii. c. 25 — xvi. r. 24 to — xliv. r. 14 — xviii. for. 24

to xliv. r. 14 xvii. r. 14

31 — xlv. to p. 25 — xvii. r. 14 — xlv. r. 25 to — xviii. v. 24

xlvi. r. 8 to xix. r. 21

228

FEB- MORNING PRAYER. EVENING PRAYER.

KUARY. First Lesson. Second Lesson. Fihst Lesson. Second Lesson.

1 Genesis xlvi. p. 26 Mattxviii. for. 21 Genesisxlvii. p.13 Acts xix. t?. 21

2 to xlvii. p. 13 4a m 1

xix. v. 3 U* U) Pi 1 /

3 — xlviii. — xix. v. 3 to — xlix. — xx. V. 17

p. 27

4 — 1. — xix. v. 27 to Exodus i. — xxi. to v. 17

xx. v. 17

5 Exodus ii. — xx. p. 17 iii. XXL v. 17 to

v. 37

6 — iy. to v. 24 — xxi. to v. 23 — iv. p. 27 to — xxi. v. 37 to

v. p. 15 xxii. v. 23

7 — y. v. 15 to — xxi. v. 23 — vi. p. 28 to — xxii. p. 23 to

yi. v. 14 vii. p. 14 xxiii. v. 12

8 — yii. t>. 14 — xxii. for. 15 — viii. to p. 20 — xxiii. v. 12

9 — viii. v. 20 to — xxii. p. 15 to — ix. p. 13 — xxiv.

ix. p. 13 r. 41

10 — x. to v. 21 — xxii. p. 41 to x. p. 21 XXT.

xxiii. p. 13 and xi.

11 — xii. to p. 21 — xxiii. p. 13 — xii. p. 21 to — xxvi.

p. 43

12 — xii. v. 43 to — xxiv. to v. 29 — xiii. p. 17 to — xxvii. to v. 18

xiii. v. 17 xiv. p. 10

13 — xiy. v. 10 — xxiv. p. 29 — xv. to p. 22 — xxvii. r. 18

14 — xy. v. 22 to — xxv. to p. 31 — xvi. p. 11 — xxviii. to v. 17

xyi. v. 11 < — xxviii. v. 17

15 — xvii. — xxv. p. 31 — xviii.

16 — xix. — xx vi. to p.31 — xx. to p. 22 Romans >

17 — xxi. to v. 18 — xx vi. p. 31 to — xxii. p. 21 to — ii. to p. 17

p. 57 xxiii. p. 10 — ii. v. 17

18 — xxiii. r. 14 — xxvi. p. 57 — xxiv.

19 — xxv. to v. 23 I — xxvii. top. 27 — xxviii. to iii.

p. 13

20 — xxviii. v. 29 — xxvii.p.27to — xxix. p. 35 iT.

to v. 42 v. 57 to XXX. P. 11

21 — xxxi. — xxvii. v. 57 — xxxii. to V.

p. 15

22 — xxxii. v. 15 — xxviii. — xxxiii. to __ vi.

p. 12

23 — xxxiii. p. 12 Mark i. to p. 21 — xxxiv. p. 10 vii.

24 25 to xxxiv. v. 10 i. p. 21 — ii. to v. 23 to p. 27 — viii. to r. 18 — viii. v. 18

— xxxiv. v. 27 — xxxv. p. 29

to xxxvi. p. 8 ix. to v. 18

26 — xxxix. r. 30 - - ii. p. 23 to — xl. to p. 17

iii. p. 13 ix. v. 18

27 — xl. v. 17 — iii. p. 13 Levit. ix. p. 22 to

x. p. 12

28 Levit. xiv. to v. 23 — iv. to p. 35 — xvi. to p. 23 4 — x

29 — xix. to. v. 19 Matt vii. — xix. p. 30 to xii-

xx. p. 9

MARCH. MORNING PRAYER. EVENING PRAYER.

Fikst Lesson. Second Lesson. Fib8t Lesson. Second Lesson.

1 Levit. xxv. to Marie iv. v. 35 to Levit. xxv. t7. 18 Romans xi. to v. 25

2 v. 18 — xxvi. to ___ v. v. 21 v. v. 21 to i7. 44 — xxvi. i7. 21 — xi. t*. 25

3 v. 21 Numbers vi. vi. to v. 14 Numbers ix. v. 15 — xii.

4 — x.r. 11 _ vL v. 14 to to X. v. 11 — - xi. to v. 24 - xiii.

5 — xi. v. 24 — v. 30 vi. m. 30 — xii. — xiv. and xv. to

6 — xiiL v. 17 — viL to v. 24 — xiv. to v. 26 v. 8 — xv. v. 8

7 — xiv. v. 26 — vii. v. 24 to — xvi. to 17. 23 — xvi

8 — xvi. t7. 23 viii. v, 10 viii. v. 10 to — xvii. 1 Cor. i. to v. 26

9 — xx. to v. 14 lx. v. 2 — ix.r.2 to v. 30 — xx. t7. 14 — i. p. 26 & ii.

10 — xxi. to v. 10 — ix. v. 30 — xxi. r. 10 to — iii.

11 — xxii. to v. 22 — x. to v. 32 v. 32 — xxii. 17. 22 — iv. to v. 18

12 — xxiii. — x. v. 32 — xxiv. — iv. r. 18 and v.

13 XXV. — xi. to v. 27 — xxvii. i7. 12 — vi.

14 Deuteron. i. to — xi. v. 27 to Deuteron. i. v. 19 — vii. to i\ 25

15 v. 19 — ii. to v. 26 xii. v. 13 xii. v. 13 to — ii. 17. 26 to — vii. v. 25

16 — iii. v. 18 v. 35 xii. v. 85 to iii. 17. 18 — iv. to v. 25 — viii.

17 — iv. v. 25 to xiii. v. 14 xiii. v. 14 — v. to 17. 22 — ix.

18 v. 41 — v. v. 22 — xiv. to v. 27 — vi. — x. and xi. v. 1

19 — vii. to v. 12 — xiv. v. 27 to — vii. t7. 12 XI. 77. 2 to 17. 17

20 — viii. — v. 53 xiv. v. 53 — x. r. 8 — xi. v. 17

21 — xi. to v. 18 — XV. to V. 42 — xi. v. 18 — xii. to v. 28

22 — xv. to r. 16 — xv. v. 42 & — xvii. v. 8 — xii. 17. 28 and

23 — xviii. v. 9 Luke xvi. i. to v. 26 — xxiv. i7. 5 xiii. — xiv. to 17. 20

24 — xxvi. — i, y.26 to v. 46 — xxvii. — xiv. 17. 20

25 26 — xxviii. — i. v. 46 ii. to v. 21 — xxviii. — xv. to v. 35 — xv. 17. 35

27 to v. 15 — xxviii. v. 47 — iL v. 21 17. 15 to v. 47 — xxix. i7. 9 — xvi.

28 — XXX. — iii. to v. 23 — xxxi. to r. 14 2 Cor. i. to v. 23

29 — xxxi. v. 14 — iv. to v. 16 — xxxi. i7. 30 — i. 17. 23 to ii.

30 to v. 30 — xxxii. v. 44 — iv. v. 16 to xxxii. t7. 44 — xxxiii. r. 14 — ii. v. 14 and iii.

31 — xxxiv. — v. to v. 17 Joshua i. — iv.

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

6

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

Fibst Lesson.

Joshua ii.

— iv.

— vi

— ix. v. 3

— xxi. v. 43 to

xxii. v. 11

— xxiii.

Judges ii.

— y.

— vi. v. 24

— viii. v. 82 to

ix. v. 25

Second Lesson.

Luke y. v. 17

— vi. to v. 20

— vi. v. 20

— vfi. to v. 24

— vii. v. 24

— viii. to v. 26

— viii. v. 26

— lx. to v. 28

— ix. v. 28 to

v. 51

— ix. v. 51 to

x. v. 17

EVENING

First Lesson.

Joshua iii.

— v.

— vii.

— x. to v. 16

— xxii. ». 11

— xxiv.

Judges iv.

— vi. to v. 24

— vii.

— x.

— xi. to v. 29

— xiii.

---- XV.

Ruth i.

— iii.

1 Samuel i.

— ii. v. 21

— iv.

— vi.

— viii.

— x. v. 17

— xi. to v. 29

— xi. v. 29

— xii. to v. 85

— xii. v. 35

— xiii. to ». 18

— xiii. v. 18

— xiv. to v. 25

— xiv. v. 25 to

xv. &. 11

— xv. v. 11

— xi. v. 29

— xiv.

— xvi.

Ruth ii.

— iv.

1 Samuel ii. to v. 21

— iii.

— v.

— vii.

— ix.

— x.

— xii.

— xiv. to v. 24

— xv.

— xvii. to

v. 31

— xvii. v. 55 to xviii. v. 17

— xx. to v. 18

— xxi.

— xxiii.

— xvi. — xvii. to v. 20

— xvii. v. 20

— xviii. to

cl 31

— xviii. v. 31 to xix. v. 11

— xix. v. 11 to

v. 28

— xix. v. 28

— xx. to v. 27

— xx. v. 27 to

xxi. v. 5

— xxi. v. 5

— xi.

— xiii.

— xiv. c. 24 to

v. 47

— xvi.

— xvii.

v. 31 to v. 55

— xix.

— xx. v. 18

— xxii.

— xxiv. and xxv. v. 1

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

First Lawoif. Second Lrbson.

Luka xxii. to o. 31

EVENING PRAYER.

First Lbs sox. Second Lesson.

1 Samuel xxvi.

— xxxi.

2 Samuel iii.tr. 17

— Vk

— vii. tr. 18

— xi.

— xiii. tr. 38 to

xir. v. 26

— xv. v. 16

— xvi. v. 13 to

xvii. ir. 24

— xviii. r. 18

XIX. tr. 24

— xxiii. to

v. 24

1 Kings i. to tr. 28

1 Chron. Txi-r v. 10

1 Kings iv. tr. 20

— vi. to u. 15

— viii* v. 22 to

v. 54

— x.

— xi. v. 26

— xii. v. 25 to

xiii. tr. 11

— xiv. to v. 21

— xvi. u. 8

— xviii. to

v. 17

— xix. — xxii. to v. 41

2 Kings ii.

— v.

— vi. v. 24

— viii. to tr. 16

— xxii. v. 31

to tr. 54

— xxii. tr. 54

— xxiii. to

tr. 26

— xxiii. tr. 26

to tr. 50

— xxiii. 9. 50 to xsciv. v. 13

— XXiv. tr. 13

Jbkn i. to tr. 29

— i. tr. 29

— ii.

— iii. tutr. 22

— iu.tr.22

— iv. to tr. 31

— iv. tr. 31

— v. to tr. 24

— v. tr. 24

— vi. to tr. 22

— vi. tr* 22 to

tr. 41

— vi. v. 41

— vn. to tr. 25

— vii tr. 25

— viii. to tr. 31

— viii. tr. 31

— ix. to tr. 39

— ix. tr. 39 to

x. tr. 22

— x. tr. 22

— xi. to tr. 17

— xi. tr. 17 to

tr. 47

— xi. tr. 47 to

xik tr. 20

— xii. tr. 20

1 Samuel xxviii.

tr. 3

2 Samuel i.

— iv.

— vii. to tr. 18

— ix.

— xii. to tr. 24

— xv. to tr. 16

— xvi. to tr. 15

— xvii. v. 24 to xviii. v. 18

— xix. to v. 24

. — xxi. to tr. 15

— XXHK.

1 Kings L tr.29 to

tr. 49

— iii.

— v.

— viii. to tr. 22

— viii. tr. 54 to

ix. tr. 10

— xi. to tr. 26

— xii. to tr. 25

— xiii. tr. 11

— xv. tr. 25 to

xvi. tr. 8

— xvii.

— xviii. tr. 17

— xxi.

2 Kings i

— iv. tr. 8

— vi. to tr. 24

— vii.

— ix.

— x. tr. 18

Colotsians iii. to tr. 18

— iii., v. 18 to iv. v. 7

— iv. tr. 7

1 The*. i.

— ii.

— iii.

— iv.

— V.

2-The*. i.

— ii.

— iii.

1 Tim. i. 00 — < a 3

i. v. ISandii.

— iii.

— iv.

— V.

— vi.

2 Tim. i.

. — ii.

— iii.

— iv.

Titus »

— ii.

Philemon. iii.

Hebrews i.

— ii. and iii. to tr. 7

— iii. tr. 7 to iv. tr. 14

— iv. tr. 14 and v.

— vi.

vii.

JUNE. MORNING PRAYER EVENING PRAYER.

First Lesson. Second Lesson. Fibst Lesson. Second Lesson.

1 2 Kings xiii. John xiii. to v. 21 2 Kings xvii. to v. 24 Hebrews viii.

2 — xvii. v. 24 — xiii. v. 21 2 Chron. xii. — ix.

3 2 Chron. xiii. — xiv. — xiv. — x. to v. 19

XV. XV. — xvi. and xvii. to v. 14 — x. r. 19

5 — xix. — xvi. to ©. 16 — xx. to v. 31 — xi. to v. 17

6 — XX. V. 31 and xxi. — xvi. v. 16 — xxii. — xi. v. 17

7 — xxiii. — xvii. — xxiv. — xii.

8 — XXV. — xviii to v. 28 -T- xxvi. and xx vii. — xiii

9 — xxviii. — xviii. v. 28 2 Kings xviii. to v. 9 Janies i.

10 — xxix. v. 3 to v. 21 — xix. to v. 25 2 Chron. xxx. and xxxi. v. 1 — H.

11 -

12 2 Kings xviii. v. 13 — xix. v. 25 2 Kings xix. to v. 20 — iii

13 t — xix. v. 20 — XX. to V. 19 . XX. -r- iV.

14 Isaiah xxxviii.v.9 to v. 21 — XX. v. 19 2 Chron. xxxiii. T.

15 2 Kings xxii. — xxi. 2 Kings xxiii. to v. 21 1 Peter i. to r. 22

16 — xxiii. v. 21 to xxiv. v. 8 Acts i. — xxiv. v. 8 to xxv. v. 8 — i. v. 22 to ii. v. 11

17 — xxv. v. 8 — ii. to v. 22 Ezra i. and iii. — ii. v. 11 to iii. p. 8

18 Ezra iv. — ii. v. 22 — V. iii. v. 8 to iv. v. 7

19 — vii. — iii. — viii. v. 15 iv. v. 7

20 — ix. — iv. to r. 32 — x. to v. 20 V.

21 Nehemiah i. — iv. v. 32 to v. v. 17 Nehemiah ii. 2 Peter I

22 — iv. — v. v. 17 V. ii.

23 — vi. and vii. to v. 5 — vi. — vii. v. 73 and viii. iii.

24 -

25 — xiii. to v. 15 — vi to v. 35 — xiii. v. 15 1 John '

26 Esther i. — vii. v. 35 to viii. v. 5 Esther ii. v. 15 and iii. — il to p. 15

27 — iv. — viii. v. 5 to v. 26 V. ii. v. 15

28 — vi. — viii. v. 26 — vii. iii to P.18

29 -

30 Job i. — ix. to v. 23 Job ii. iii. p. 16 to iv. p- 7

Dll '

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

MORNING PRAYER. EVENING PRAYER.

First Lesson. Second Lesson. First Lesson. Second Lesson.

Job iii. Acts ix. v. 28 Job iv. 1 John iv. v. 7

— V. — x. to v. 24 — vi — V.

— vii. — x. r. 24 — ix. 2 John.

X. — xi. — xi. 3 John.

— xiL — xii. — xiii. Jude.

— xiy. — xiii. to v. 26 — xvi. Matt. i. v. 18

— xvii. — xiii. v. 26 — xix. — ii.

— xxi. — xiv. — xxii. p. 12 to v. 29 — iii.

— xxiii. — xy. to v. 80 — xxiv. — iv. to r. 23

— xxv., xxvi. — xy. v. 30 to xvi. v. 16 — xxvii. — iv. v. 23 to v. v. 13

— xxviii. — xvi. v. 16 — xxix. and xxx. v. 1 — v. v. 13 to 9. 33

— xxx. r. 12 to — xvii. to v. 16 — xxxi. v. 13 — v. 9. 33

v. 27

— xxxii. — xvii. v. 16 — xxxviii. to v. 39 — vi. to 9. 19

— xxx vtii. 9. 39 and xxxix. — xviii.too.24 — xi — vi. 9. 19 to vii. 9. 7

— xii. — xviii. 9.24 to xix. v. 21 — xiii. — vii. 9. 7

Proverbs i. to — xix. v. 21 Proverbs i. v. 20 — viii. to 9. 18

r. 20

— ii. — xx. to v. 17 — iii. to v. 27 — viii. 9. 18

— iii. v. 27 to iv. v. 20 — xx. v. 17 — iv. v. 20 to v. v. 15 — ix. to 9. 18

— y. v. 15 — xxi to v. 17 — vi. to v. 20 — ix. 9. 18

— yii. — xxi v. 17 to v. 87 — viii. — x. to 9. 24

— ix. — xxi v. 37 to xxii. r. 23 — x. v. 16 — x. 9. 24

— xi. to v. 15 — xxii. r. 23 to xxiii. v. 12 — xi. v. 15 — xi.

— xii. 9. 10 — xxiii. v. 12 — xiii. — xii. to 9. 22

— xiv. v. 9 to v. 28 — xxiv. — xiv. v. 28 to xv. v. 18 — xii. 9. 22 xiii. to 9. 24 xiii. 9. 24 to 9. 53

— xy. v. 18 — xxv. — xvi. to v. 20 ' —

— xvi. r. 31 to xvii. v. 18 — xxvi. — xviii. v. 10 — xiii. 9. 53 to xiv. 9. 13

— xix. 9. 18 — xxvii. — xx. to v. 23 — xiv. 9. 13

— xxi. to v. 17 — xxviii. to v. 17 — xxii. to v. 17 — xv. to 9. 21

— xxiii. v. 10 — xxviii. v. 17 — xxiv. v. 21 — XV. 9. 21

— xxv. Romans i. — xxvi. to 9.21 — xvi. to 9. 24

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

n

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

Fibst Lesson.

Second Les&on.

Proverbs xxvii.

to 0. 23

— xxx. to v. 18

Eccles. i.

— iii.

— v.

— vii.

— ix.

— xii.

Jeremiah ii. to v. 14

— v. u. 19

— vii. to v. 17

— ix. to v. 17

— XV.

— xviiLto v. 18

— xxi.

— xxii. v. 13

— xxiv.

— xxvi.

— xx ix. v. 4 to

v. 20

— xxxi. to

v. 15

— xxxiii. to

0. 14

— xxxv.

— xxxvi. v. 14

---- XXXVIII,

r. 14

— 1. to v. 21 Ezekiel i. to v. 15

— ii.

— iii. v. 15

— ix.

— xii. v. 17

Kommnsii.to v. 17

— ii. 0. 17

— iii.

— iv.

— v.

— vL

— vii.

— vii to v. 18

— viii. v. 18

— be. to v. 19

— ix. v. 19

— x.

— xi. to n. 25

— xi u. 25

— xii.

— xiii.

— xiv. and xv.

to v. 8

— xv. v. 8

— xvi. 1 Cor. i. to v. 26

— i. v. 26 and ii.

— iii.

— iv. to v. 18

— iv. v. 18

and v.

— vi.

— vii. to v. 25

— vii. v. 25

— viii.

— ix.

— x. and xi.

r. 1

— xi. v. 2 to

v. 17

Fibst Lesson.

Proverbs xxviii.

to v. 15

— xxxi. v. 10

Eccles. ii. to v. 12

— iv.

— vi.

— viii.

— xi.

Jeremiah i.

— v. to v. 19

— vi. to v. 22

— viii. v. 4

— xiii. v. 8 to

v. 24

— xviL to u. 19

— xix.

— xxii. to v. 13

— xxiiLtou. 16

— xxv. to v. 15

— xxviii.

— xxx.

— xxxi. t>.15to

t; .38

— xxxiii. v. 14

— xx xvi. to

v.14

— xxxviii. to

0. 14

— xxxix.

— Ii. 0. 54 Ezekiel i. 0. 15

— iii. to 0.15

— viii.

— xi. 0. 14

— xiii. to 0. 17

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

MORNING PBAYER. EVENING PRAYER.

First. Lesson. Second Lesson. First Lesson. Second Lesson.

Ezekiel xiii. v. 17 1 Cor. xi. v. 17 Ezekiel xiv. to v. 12 Mark v. v. 21

— xiv. v. 12 — xii. to v. 28 — xvi. v. 44 — vi. to v. 14

— xviii.to v. 19 — xii. v. 28 and xiii. — xviii. v. 19 — vi. v. 14 to i; . 30

— xx. to v. 18 — xiv. to v. 20 — xx. v. 18 to v. 33 — vi.' v. 30

— xx. v. 33 to — xiv. v. 20 — xxii. v. 23 — vii. to v. 24

v. 44

— xxiv. v. 15 — xv. to v. 35 — xx vi. — vii. v. 24 to viii. v. 10

— xxvii. to v. 26 — XV. v. 35 — xxvii. v. *6 ' — viii. v. 10 to ix. v. 2

— xxviii. to v. 20 — xvi. — xxxi. — ix. r. 2 to u.30

— xxxii. to v. 17 2 Cor. i to v. 23 — xxxiii. to v. 21 — ix. v. 30

— xxxiii. v. 21 — i v. 23 to ii. v. 14 — xxxiv. to v. 17 — x. to v. 32

— xxxiv. v. 17 — ii. v. 14 and iii. — xxxvi. v. 16 to v, 33 x. v. 32

— xxxvii. to — iv. — xxxvii. v. 15 1 — xi. to v. 27

v. 15

— xlvii. to v. 13 — v. Daniel i. — xi. v. 27 to xii. v. 13

Daniel ii. to v. 24 — vi and vii. v. i — ii. v. 24 — xii. v. 13 to v. 35

— iii. — vii. v. 2 — iv. to v. 19 — xii. v. 35 to xiii. v. 14

— iv. v. 19 — viii. — v. to v. 17 — xiii. v. 14

— v. V. 17 — ix. — vi. — xiv. to v. 27

— vii. to v. 15 — X. — vii. v. 15 — xiv. v. 27 to v. 53

— ix. to v. 20 — xi. to v. 30 — ix. v. 20 — xiv. v. 53

— x. to v. 20 — xi. v. 30 to xii. v. 14 — xii. v. Hand xiii. — xii. — xv. to v. 42 xv. v. 42 and xvi.

Hosea ii. v. 14 Gal. i. Hosea iv. to v. 13 Lake i. to v. 26

— v. v. 8 to Ti. v. 7 — ii. — vii. v. 8 — i. v. 26 to v. 57

— viii. — iii. ix. — i. v. 57

X. — iv. to v. 21 — xi. and xii. tov.7 — ii. to v. 21

— xiii. to v. 15 — iv. v. 21 to T. v. 13 — xiv. — ii. v. 21

Joel i. — v. v. 13 Joel ii.tot>. 15 — iii. to v. 23

— ii. v. 15 to v. 28 — vi. — ii. v. 28 to iii. v. 9 — iv. to v. 16

— iii. v. 9. £ > Amos i. and ii. to v. 4 Lake iv. v. 16

1

2

3

4

5

6

4

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

MORNING PRAYER. EVENING:

First Lesson. Second Lesson. First Lesson.

Amos ii. v. 4 to Eph. ii. Amos iy. p. 4

iii. v. 9

— y. to v. 18 — iii. — v. p. 18 to vi. p. 9

— vii. — iv. to v. 25 — viii.

— ix. — iy. v. 25 to v. v. 22 Obadiah.

Jonah i v. p. 22 to yi. p. 10 Jonah ii.

— iii. — vi. p. 10 — iv.

Micah i. to v. 10 Phil. i. Micah ii.

— iii. — ii. — iv.

— *. — iii. — vi.

— yii. — iv. Nahum i.

Nahum ii. Col. i. to p. 21 — iii.

Habakkuk i. — i. v. 21 to ii. p. 8 Habakkuk ii.

— iii. — ii. p. 8 Zephaniah i. to p. 14

Zephaniah i. v. 14 — iii. to p. 18 — ii. v. 4

to ii. v. 4

— iii. — iii. v. 18 and iv. Haggai i.

Haggai ii. to v. 10 1 These. i. — ii. p. 10

Zechariah i. to v. 18 — ii. Zechariah i. o. 18 and ii.

— — iii. —

— iii. — iv. — iy.

— *. — v. — vi.

— yii. 2 These. i. — viii. to p. 14

— yiii. p. 14 — ii. — ix. p. 9

— X. — iii. — xi.

— xii. 1 Tim. i. to p. 18 — xiii.

— xiv. — i. v. 18 andii. Malachi i

Malachi ii. — iii. — iii. to p. 13

— iii. v. 13 — iv. Wisdom i.

and iy.

— — y. —

Wisdom ii. — yi. — iv. p. 7

— yi. to v. 22 2 Tim. i. — vi. p. 22 to yii. p. 15

— vii. v. 15 — ii. — viii. to r. 19

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

16

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

Second Lesson.

EVENING PRAYER.

First Lesson. Second Lesson.

Fib8t Lesson.

Wisdom ix.

— xi. t7.15 to xii. t7. 3

Ecclus. i. to i7. 14

— iii. 17. 17 to 17. 30 V.

— X. 17. 18

XV. 17. 9

— xviii. to 17. 15

— xix. t7. 13

— xxiv. to 17. 24

— xxxiii. v. 7 to ». 23

— XXXV.

— xxxix. to 17. 13 xii. to 17. 14

— xliv. to o. 16 ii. i7. 10

Baruch iv. v. 36 and v. Isaiah i. t7. 21

— iii. to t7. 16

— V. tO 17. 18

— vi.

— viiL 17. 5 to 17. 18 ix. t7. 8 to x. v. 5 x. t7. 20

— xi. 17. 10

— xiii.

— xvii.

xix. to t7. 16

2 Tim. iii.

— iv.

Titus i.

— ii.

— iii.

Philemon. Hebrews i.

— ii. and iii. to

v.7

— iii. v. 7 to

iv. t>, 14

— iv. v. 14

and v.

— ?i.

— vii.

— viii.

i — ix.

— x. to v. 19

— x. v. 19

— xL to v. 17

— xi i?. 17

— xii.

— xiii.

James i.

- — ii.

— iii.

— iv.

— v. 1 Peter i. to v. 22

— i. v, 22 to

ii. v. 11

— ii. v. 11 to

iii. v. 8

Wisdom xi. to v. 15

— xvii.

Ecclus. ii.

' — iv. v. 10

— vii. 17. 27

— xiv. to v. 20

— xvi. i7. 17

— xviii. v. 15

— xxii. t7. 6 to

V. 24

— xxiv. v. 24

— xxxiv. 17. 15

— xxxvii. Vt 8

to i7. 19

— xxxix. «7. 13

— - xlii. v. 15

— 1. to v. 25

Baruch iv. to v. 21

Isaiah i. to v. 21

— ii.

— iv. t7. 2

— V. 17. 18

— vii. to t7. 17

— viii. 17. 18 to

ix. r. 8

— x. 17. 5 to

v. 20

— xi. to v. 10

— xii.

— xiv. to 17. 24

— xviii.

— xix. 17. 16

Luke xxii. to v. 31

— xxii. 17. 31 to

v. 54

— xxii. v. 54

— xxiii. to i7.26

— xxiii. i7.26 to 17. 50

— xxiii. 17.50 to

xxiv. 17. 13

— xxiv. 17. 13

John i. to v. 29

— i. i7. 29

— ii.

— iii. to 17. 22

— iii. 17. 22

— iv. to v. 31

— iv. v. 31

— v. to 17. 24

— v. 17. 24

— vi. to 17. 22

— vi. 17. 22 to

17. 41

— vi. 17. 41

— vii. to v. 25

— vii. 17. 25

— viii. to v. 31

— viii. v. 31

— ix. to (7. 39

— ix. 17. 39 to

x. 17. 22

— x. v. 22

— xi. to 17. 17

— xi. 17 to

17. 47

I

2

a

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

MORNING PRAYER. EVENING PRAYER.

[Kfii Lesson. Second Lesson. Fibst Lesson. Second Lesson.

iah xxi. to 1 Peter iii. v. 8 to Isaiah xxii. to John xi. 0. 47 to

v. 13 iv. 0. 7 0. 15 xii. r. 20

— xxii. v. 15 — iv. v. 7 — xxiii. — xii. 0. SO

— xxiv. — Y. — XXV. — xiii. to r. 21

— xxvi. to 2 Peter i. — xxvi. 0. 20 — xiii. p. 21

v. 20 and xxvii.

— xxviii. to — ii. — xxviii. 0. 14 — xi?.

v. 14

— xxix. to 0. 9 — iii. — xxix. 0. 9 — XV.

— xxx. to 1 John L — xxx. 0. 18 — xvi to v. 16

v. 18

— xxxi — ii. to 0. 15 — xxxii. — xvi p. 16

— xxxiii. — ii. r. 15 — xxxiv. — xviL

XXXV. — iii. to 0. 16 — xL to 0. 12 — xviii. to v. 28

— xl. 0. 12 — iii. 0. I6> to — xli. to 0. 17 — xviii. p. 28

iv. 0. 7

— xli. 0. 17 — iv. p. 7 — xlii. to 0. 18 — xix. to p. 25

— xlii. v. 18 to — v. — xliii. u. 8 — xix p. 25

xliii. 0. 8

— xliv. to 2 John. — xiiv. 0. 21 XX. to 0.19

0. 21 to xlv. 0. 8

— xlv. 0. 8 3 John. — xhri. — xx p. 19

— xlvii. Jude. — xlviiL XXL

— xlix. to 0.13 Rev. i. — xlix. 0. 13 Rev. ii. to p. 18

— 1. — ii. r. 18 to — Ii. to 0. 9 — ifi. p. 7

iii. 0. 7

— K. 0. — iv. — lit. to 0. 13 T.

— lii. v. 13 — vi. — liv. — riL

and liii.

— Iy. — viii. — lvi. — X

— lvii. — xi. 1 — lviii. — xii.

— lix. — xiv. — lx XV.

— lxi. — xix. to 0. 11 — lxii. — xixr. 11

— lxiii. — XX. — lxiv. and lxv. — xxi. to p. 15

to 0. 8

— lxv. 0. 8 — xxi. 0. 15 to — lxvi. — xxii. p. 6

xxii. 0. 6 1

239

lflJL PiMic Meajtfk (Scotland) Act (1867) Amt OH. 38.

CHAP. 38.

An Act for amending the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS it has been found that the powers of assess* ment and borrowing contained in the Act passed in the thirtieth and thirty-first year of Her Majesty's reign, chapter one hundred and one, intituled An Act to consolidate and u amend the law relating to the Public Health in Scotland," are insufficient to enable the Local Authorities to execute the said Act, and it is expedient to amend the said Act in these respects:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. That from and after the passing of this Act, sub-section three of section ninety-four and sub-section two of section ninety-five of the said Act, except with regard to burghs haring a population of fifty thousand or upwards, according to the census last taken, shall be and are hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is hereby declared, that where the provisions of the said Act with respect to water for the domestic use of the inhabitants, or with respect to sewerage and drainage, or with respect to the erection of permanent hospitals for the use of the inhabitants in terms of section thirty-nine of the said Act and of this Act, have been or shall be put in force, the assessments specified in sections ninety-three, ninety-four, and ninety-five of the said Act shall not in any year exceed the rate of two shillings and sixpence in the pound upon the annual value of lands and premises, whether such rate be payable wholly by the owners or wholly by the occupants or partly by the owners and partly by the occupants, or the rate of sixpence in the pound where none of the said enactments have been put in force: Provided always, that for the purpose of assessments imposed for providing a supply of water for the domestic use of the inhabitants, the annual value of all manufactories within a burgh shall be ascertained in the same manner as the annual value of mines and minerals and quarries is directed to be ascertained in section ninety-four of the said Act; provided also, that when the Local Act for police purposes of any burgh does not make suitable and sufficient provision for a supply of water for the domestic use of the inhabitants, or does not authorise, an assessment to be levied for that purpose (as to which questions the decision of the sheriff, on a requisition made to him by ten inhabitants, shall be final), then such burgh shall be held to come under the provisions contained in sections eighty-nine and ninety-four of

30 & 31 Vict c. 101.

Certain provisions of recited Act repealed.

Provisions as to hospitals.

Power to borrow.

This Act to be construed with recited Act.

[Short title.]

Ch. 38. Public Health (Scotland) Act (1867) Amt. 34 & 35 Vict.

the said first-recited Act, and not under those contained in sections eighty-eight and ninety-five of the said Act.

2. The thirty-ninth section of the said Act shall be held to authorise the Local Authority to build or otherwise provide permanent hospitals for the use of the inhabitants in terms of the provisions of the said Act, and it shall be lawful for the Local Authority to borrow for the purpose of so building or otherwise providing permanent hospitals, on the security of the general assessments specified in sections ninety-four and ninety-five of the said Act, such sums of money and at such times as the Local Authority shall deem necessary for that purpose, and to assign the said general assessments or any of them in security of the money to be so borrowed, and the bonds to be granted on such borrowing, and transferences or assignations and discharges thereof may be in or near to the forms contained in the schedule annexed to the said Act, and such bonds shall be signed by the chairman and two members of the Local Authority, and shall constitute a lien over the general assessments thereby assigned, and shall entitle the creditors therein to recover the sums thereby due from the Local Authority out of the first and readiest of the said general assessments, but no member or officer of the Local Authority shall be personally liable for the repayment of such money so borrowed, and all such obligations shall be deemed and taken to be granted on the sole security of the assessments assigned, and the money so borrowed shall be repayable either in one sum or by instalments as may be arranged between the Local Authority and the lender, but so that the same shall be wholly repaid, together with the accruing interest, within thirty-five years from the date of the loan, but the amount of such loans, including interest, shall form a charge against the general assessments of the years intervening between the date of such loans and the date of full repayment, and the money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied wholly in defraying the expense of building or otherwise providing permanent hospitals for the use of the inhabitants, and to no other purpose whatsoever.

3. The Public Works Loan Commissioners as defined by "The Public Works Loan Act, 1853," may advance to any Local Authority for the purpose mentioned in section thirty-nine of the said Act and in this Act such sums of money as may be recommended by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

4. Except so far as this Act shall alter the provisions of the said recited Act, this Act shall be construed as part of the same.

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871."

1871. MetropoliianBailding Act (1855) Aradtidmenf. Ch. 39, 40.

41

CHAP. 39.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855, by adding to the exemptions from Part I. of the Act the Buildings of the New Foreign Cattle Market on the site of Deptford Dock.

[18th July 1871.]

WHEREAS the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London (herein-after called the Corporation) have tmdertaken to carry out the provisions of Part III. of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1869, and have for that purpose purchased from the Lords of the Admiralty the site of Deptford Dockyard on which to erect market buildings: And whereas the Corporation are proceeding to erect such buildings, and it is expedient that the same should be exempt from the operation of Part I. of the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Metropolitan Building Act, 1871.

2. The buildings already erected and that may be hereafter erected on the site of Deptford Dockyard for a new cattle market are hereby exempted from Part I. of the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855.

32 & 38 Vict. c. 70.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 122.

6HAP. 40.

An Act to alter and regulate the Proceedings and Powers of the Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland, and for other purposes.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS a Society was established in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, under the name of "The Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland " (herein-after called the Society), for the purpose of carrying out the general principles of the " Methodist Constitution/' as agreed upon at a meeting of the representatives of that Society in Ireland, held on the fifth and sixth days of January of that year:

And whereas the Society has become possessed of certain stocks, funds, and securities for the use and benefit of the Society:

And whereas the Society are also possessed of certain preaching-houses, schools, and other buildings, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in Dublin and other parts of Ireland: [Fo. 21. Price 2d.] X

[Short title.]

Buildings of New Foreign Cattle Market exempted from Part I. of 18 & 19 Vict. C. 122.

L.

242 Ch. 40. Prim. West. Meth. Society (/.) Regulation. 34 & 35 VICE

And whereas the Society are desirous of obtaining powers to invest moneys now belonging or which hereafter may belong to them on mortgage of real estate or other securities: And whereas the Society are desirous of obtaining power to alter and regulate the proceedings and powers of the Society, and to carry on their work in co-operation or in conjunction with any Church or religious body or association in Ireland: And whereas the Society since its formation has been governed by a Conference generally held in the month of June in every year:

And whereas in the month of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy, at a Conference specially summoned, it was determined, amongst other things, to seek powers to alter or amend the general principles or constitution of the Society, and the President of the Society was unanimously authorised to apply to Parliament for that purpose: And whereas it is expedient that the Society should have power to hold property on certain trusts, and to alter from time to time if necessary the design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations of the Society, and that the Society should be enabled to unite or co-operate with any Church or religious body or association in Ireland:

And whereas the purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the aid and authority of Parliament:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Interpretation 1. The following words and expressions shall have the of terms. meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the subject matter or context repugnant to such construction:

The words "the Society" mean the Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland:

The words "the Conference" mean a Conference of the Society composed of the president or vice-president for the time being, and secretary, the travelling preachers in full connexion, and one steward or leader from each circuit or mission, elected annually by the stewards and leaders to represent the circuit at such Conference* present and voting thereat:

The words "vote of the Conference" mean for all the purposes of this Act a vote agreed to by not less than two thirds of the members of the Conference, composed as aforesaid, who shall be present and shall vote at such meeting.

[Short title.]

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal instruments and proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the expression "The Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland Act, 1871"

1871. Prim. Wed. Methodist Society (I.) Regitiation. Ch. 40. 248

8. From and after the passing of this Act, all the property, Property to real and personal, at the date of such passing held upon any upon trust or trusts for the Society, and all other the property, 0 ow" real and personal, belonging or in anywise appertaining to or appropriated to* the use of the Society, or connected therewith respectively, shall be held upon the trusts and to and for the uses, intents, and purposes following; that is to say,

Upon such trusts and to and for such uses, intents, and Upon same purposes, and subject to such powers and regulations, as the same property, real and personal, or any part thereof, altered, and is now respectively held, or subject to such trusts, powers, then upomanh and regulations as may hereafter be directed, limited, or appointed by a vote of the Conference, provided that such may direct, trusts, uses, intents, and purposes, powers and regulations, shall not be inconsistent with or in violation of this Act, or of any other law of this realm.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorise any Doctrine of alteration in the " doctrine " of the Society, as set forth in

Part 2. of the " General Principles of the Methodist Consti- altered; rules, tntion," (a copy of which is set forth in the schedule to this &c. to renuun Act annexed,) but the design and discipline, as set forth in Parts 1. and 3. of the said General Principles, and the laws, vote oftlie rules, and regulations by or under which the qualification Conference, and election or appointment of a president, vice-president, secretary, treasurers, travelling preachers, local preachers, stewards, leaders, visitors of the sick, trustees, and other officers, and the admission or cessor of members of the Society, have been regulated, and the Conference, the district meetings, leaders9 meetings, band meetings, classes, and other meetings, and the business thereof and the rights, powers, and functions of such president, vice-president, secretary, treasurers, travelling preachers, local preachers, stewards, leaders, visitors of the sick, trustees, and other officers as aforesaid, or of any conference or meeting, have been constituted, regulated, managed, conducted, or defined, and generally the existing design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations of the Society, shall, after the passing of this Act, be and continue to be the design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations of the Society, except so far as the same may be amended, altered, or repealed, or any new design, discipline, laws, rules, or regulations may be hereafter made according to the practice or rule existing in the Society before the passing of this Act, or by any vote of the Conference as herein-after provided

5. All or any of the matters affecting the design, discipline, Design, dislaws, rules, and regulations which now are or shall for the

time being be the existing design, discipline, laws, rules, and go^ty may regulations of the Society, may be amended, altered, or re- be changed by pealed, and any new design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations of the Society, and for the management of the property erence* thereof, and the carrying on of the affairs and business thereof, may be made in such manner and to such extent as may from

Design, discipline, roles, See. to be binding and enforceable as to property in the temporal courts.

Union with any Church or religious body in Ireland by vote of Conference. Conference may appoint trustees to hold property.

Property to vest in a trustee or trustees so appointed.

Power to invest funds on mortgage.

Ch. 40. Prim. Wed. Meth. Society (I.) Regulation. 34 & 35 Vict.

time to time be hereafter determined on by a vote of the Conference; provided only that such amendments, alterations, and such new design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations, be not repugnant to this Act, or to the laws or statutes of the realm.

6. The design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations shall be deemed to be binding on the members for the time being of the Society in the same manner as if such members had mutually contracted and agreed to abide by and observe the same, and shall be capable of being enforced in the temporal courts in relation to any property in the same manner and to the same extent as if such property had been expressly given, granted, or conveyed upon trust to be held, occupied, and enjoyed by persons who should observe and keep and be in all respects bound by the said design, discipline, laws, rules, and regulations.

7. The Society may, by a vote of the Conference, unite or co-operate with any Church or religious body or association in Ireland, upon such terms and conditions as the Society by a vote of the Conference may determine.

8. The Society shall be at liberty by a vote of the Conference to appoint any number of persons of their body, not exceeding fifteen, as trustees of the Society, with power to hold property, real and personal, for the Society, or any district, circuit, or station thereof, and shall and may in like manner, by vote, from time to time discharge any trustee so appointed, and appoint a new trustee or new trustees in the place of any trustee so discharged, or of any trustee dying, or declining, or becoming incapable of acting, and shall and may, by a like vote, make any rules or settle any plan for the appointment of any such new trustee or trustees: Provided always, that no person or persons shall be deemed to be a trustee or trustees within the meaning of this Act until the resolution upon which such vote of the Conference shall be taken, certified under the hand of the president and signed by such trustees or trustee, shall have been enrolled in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

9. In the event of the Society, by a vote of the Conference as aforesaid, appointing a trustee or trustees for the Society to hold all or any portion of the property, real and personal, belonging or in anywise appertaining to or appropriated to the use of the Society, or of any circuit, district, or station of the Society, or connected therewith, then all the said property, real and personal, affected or intended to be affected by such vote shall thereupon vest in such trustee or trustees as may from time to time be appointed in accordance with such vote, and be and continue to be held by such trustee or trustees upon such trusts as may be decided by the vote of the Conference.

10. The moneys for the time being belonging to the Society may from time to time be invested, in the names of the trustees of the Society for the time being, on mortgage of any

245

1871. Prim. West. Methodist Society (I.) Regulation. Ch. 40.

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of a clear and indefeasible estate of inheritance, in fee simple, or fee farm in Ireland, free from incumbrances except quitrents and other small annual payments, or held upon any lease or leases for any term or terms of years, of which not lees than sixty years shall be unexpired, or in the purchase of stock in the public funds of Great Britain or Ireland, or Bank of Ireland Stock, Parliamentary Securities, or any other securities upon which trustees may for the time being, according to the Statutes of the Realm, or the rules of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, be entitled to lend or invest trust funds, and the moneys or any part of the moneys so invested may be called in, and the payment of the same, and of the interest thereof, or any part thereof respectively, may be required and enforced when thought advisable so to do on the part of the Society: Provided always, that no money shall be so invested on mortgage unless, for the further security for the repayment of the money invested, and the interest thereof, the mortgage contain, a power of sale, exercisable by or on.behalf of the Society.

1L Provided always, that in every case in which the equity of redemption of the premises comprised in any such security shall become liable to foreclosure, or othexwise barred or released, the same shall be thenceforth held in trust to be sold and converted into money, and shall be sold accordingly; and if any decree shall be made in any suit for the purpose of redeeming or enforcing such security, such decree shall direct a sale (in default of redemption) and not a foreclosure of such premises.

12. All the costs, charges, and expenses preliminary to, and of and incidental to, the preparing, applying for, obtaining, and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Society.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

General Principles of the Methodist Constitution agreed upon in Dublin at a Meeting of Representatives held on the 5th and 6th January 1818, and fully agreed to and ratified at a General Meeting convened at Clones, on the 21 st instant, to re-establish Methodism on its original basis, agreeably to Primitive Wesleyan Methodism *

Q. I. What is requisite to form and cement a Christian society ?

A. Unity of Design, Unity of Doctrine, and Uniformity of Discipline.

1st. — Of Design.

Q. 2. What is the Design of the Methodist Society ?

A. It is thus expressed by Mr. Wesley: — "A body of people," who, being of no sect or party, are friends to all parties; and endeavour to forward all in heart religion, in the knowledge and (t love of God and man."

Proviso for cases in which the equity of redemption of the premises may be barred or released.

How expenses of Act to be paid.

Ch. 40. Prim. Weal. Meth. Society (I.) Regulation. 34 & 35 Vict.

Q. 3. In what point of view, then, does the Methodist Society consider itself ?

A. Not as an independent Church, nor its preachers as independent ministers; preachers and people conjointly constitute a purely Religious Society to build each other up; to enjoy the blessings of Christian fellowship, and to promote, by precept and example, the knowledge and practice of vital godliness.

Q. 4. Does this imply a distinct and separate communion, in celebrating the two Christian Ordinances, Baptism and the Lard's Supper ?

A. By no means; as the members of the Methodist Society may belong to external visible Churches established under different forms; each member is left at perfect liberty to partake of those Ordinances in the communion to winch he or she respectively belongs.

Q. 5. Does not the Methodist Society profess to belong to the Church of England ?

A. Yes, as a body; for they originally emanated from the Church of England; and the Rev. John Wesley, the venerable founder of the Connection, made a declaration of similar import within less than a year preceding his decease, viz.: — " I declare once more, that I f' live and die a member of the Church of England; and that none " who regard my judgment or advice will ever separate from it," (See Arminian Magazine, for April, 1790.) This, however, is not now to be understood as interfering with the right of private judgment, in cases where education or prejudices attach members to other Established Churches.

2nd. — Op Doctbine.

Q. 6. What is the foundation of the Methodist Doctrines ?

A. The canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testament.

Q. 7. Wherein consists the Unity of the Methodist Doctrine ?

A. In teaching and enforcing those doctrines only which are contained in the Scriptures, as taught and explained in the writings of the Rev. John Wesley, and Rev. John Fletcher, particularly Mr. Wesley's notes on the Old and New Testament, his eight volumes of Sermons, his appeals, and the doctrinal parts of the Arminim Magazine as maintained by him, and published to the period of his decease, also Mr. Fletcher's Checks and letters, published by Mr. Wesley.

3rd. — Of Discipline.

Q. 8. How is the discipline of the Methodist body to be regulated so as to be uniform throughout the Connection ?

A. By the general principles and regulations laid down in Mr. Wesley's larger Minutes, as published by himself in the year 1789.

Q. 9. What shall we do in order to preserve Methodism in its original state in Ireland, as at the period of Mr. Wesley's decease in March, 1791 ?

A- By a recurrence to original principles, re-establish Methodism in its primitive simplicity, appointing to each their duty and station.

Q. 10. What are the gradations of station in the Methodist Connection ?

A. First, — Preachers.

Second, — Stewards and Leaders.

Third, — Private Members.

Q. 11. What is the office of a Methodist Preacher ?

A. His sole vocation as called and sent out by the Methodist Connection, is to declare a free, universal, and everlasting Gospel, which is glad tidings to all people, through the merits of Christ

247

1871. Prim. West. Methodist Society (J.) Regulation. Ch. 40.

alone, agreeably to that declaration of St. Paul — "I am sent not u to baptize, but to preach the Gospel."

Q. 12. Is this view of his calling agreeable to Mr. Wesley's opinion, and that discipline which he established ?

A. Mr. Wesley declared it to be so, both from the pulpit and the press; in full corroboration of this truth, we refer particularly to a Sermon of his, preached in Cork, on Heb. v. 4, and afterwards published by himself in the Arminian Magazine, for June, 1790, in which discourse he has clearly shown that the office of a priest is totally distinct and separate from the office of a preacher or expounder of God's Word and Will, sometimes called a prophet.

Q. 13. Has not Mr. Wesley's exposition of that text, Heb. v. and 4, been controverted ?

A. It has been controverted by some of the preachers, who wished to break in upon the Scriptural and uniform plan of Mr. Wesley's discipline. But we adopt the principles there laid down, and receive Preachers under this view of their office only.

Q. 14. What is the office of a Leader ?

A. To take the spiritual charge of a certain number of persons committed to his care, in what is called a class: to meet them collectively every week; and, if possible, see each member of his class weekly. He is regularly to attend the leader's meeting, in places where such meeting is established. He is to be present at every quarterly meeting, if not unavoidably prevented; and assist the Preachers of the Circuit in every matter relative to the good government of the Society, according to our declared fundamental principles.

Q. 15. What is the qualification for a Leader ?

A. He is to be a person of approved and upright conversation and conduct; and one that enjoys the happiness of possessing sound Christian experience. And before he is fully permitted to the office and privileges of a leader, he is to subscribe in a book, to be provided for the purpose, in each Circuit, to these fundamental principles, which are herein laid down as a basis of the Methodist Constitution, according to original principles.

Q. 16. What is the duty of a Steward ?

A. To take the general eharge of the temporal concerns of the Society or Circuit in which he is appointed, particularly of all the money transactions, both receipts and disbursements, in all which he is to act faithfully, as one who is to give a strict account to God.

Q. 17. What is the duty of Private Members ?

A. To abide in their station, according to the rules of the Society, published by Mr. Wesley.

Q. 18. To whom is confided the government of the Connection ?

A. To the Conference.

Q, 19. Did Mr. Wesley establish a Conference ?

A He did; a conference of preachers directed by himself, received and sent out according to the principles maintained by him in his exposition of Heb. v. 4 before-mentioned.

Q. 20. Why do we separate from the majority of the Conference, claiming to be the successors of that established by Mr. Wesley ?

A Because they have changed the discipline established by Mr. Wesley. Not content with the honourable office of being preachers of the Gospel simply, they have assumed to themselves the priestly office, by administering the Ordinances of Baptism and the Lordrs Supper, without appointment or ordination, against Mr. Wesley's express opinion on the subject.

248

Q. 21. Has it not been urged that Mr. Wesley himself ordained some Preachers to administer the Ordinances; and has not this been resorted to as an apology by the preachers, for their late innovation ?

A. Supposing it to be true, that Mr. Wesley was prevailed upon to select for such an appointment, it is the fullest confirmation, that his decided opinion was against the administration of the Ordinances by the preachers generally; therefore, this attempt to shelter themselves under the sanction of Mr. Wesley's authority is perfectly nugatory, and carries its own refutation.

Q. 22. In consequence of the loose principles of discipline Bet afloat in supporting the late innovation, the very great irregularity has been maintained by some, of the right of a private celebration of the Ordinances amongst themselves; what is our opinion of such practice ?

A. We consider the principle as calculated to produce confusion in the Church of God, and the practice to bring the Ordinances into contempt; we therefore judge, that persons concerned in such irregular administration shall be excluded from our Society.

Q. 23. As the Conference is the governing body, who constitute the Conference ?

A. All the travelling Preachers in the Connection, and one Steward or Leader from each Circuit, to be annually elected by the Stewards and Leaders convened at a quarterly meeting.

Q. 24. Have all the members of Conference so constituted an equal voice in the concerns of the body ?

A. During the examination of the Preachers' characters, Preachers only are to be present and decide. During the appointments to the Circuits, all the members maybe present and give their opinion; but the Preachers are to decide. During every other business or discussion, all the members may sit, speak, and vote without distinction.

Q. 25. How is the stationing of Preachers to be regulated ?

A. By a stationing committee, to be elected by Conference annually, to consist of an equal number of Preachers and Representatives, who, in the committee, are all to have an equal voice in making the arrangement, which is to be submitted to Conference, as under the foregoing question and answer.

Q. 26. What is the regulation respecting the receiving of new Preachers ?

A. No person can be received as a Preacher who does not come recommended by the Stewards and Leaders of the Circuit to which he belongs, assembled at a quarterly meeting.

Q. 27. Why is one Steward or Leader from each Circuit appointed to sit in Conference ?

A. To assist by their counsel and advice in matters of vital importance to the Connection; and to take the labour and responsibility of managing the financial concerns, in order to relieve the Preachers from the weight of temporal matters, which might interfere with their usefulness.

Q. 28. Is this any deviation from Primitive Methodism ?

A. We conceive not. It is both rational and Scriptural; and the principle of an open Conference is admitted by Mr. Wesley, in See Mr. Wes- the first formation of Methodism.

ley's Minutes Q. 29. What shall be done to prevent the evil which might arise 1746 year *n future> by attempted encroachment on these fundamental principles ?

A. Let every member of the Conference, as a qualification to sit,

24a

1871. Prim. West. Methodist Society (I.) Regulation. Ch. 40, 41.

speak, or vote therein, declare under his hand, in a book to be provided for the purpose, his unfeigned assent and consent thereto; and his sincere determination to abide in strict conformity to them, as long as he shall continue a member of the Conference, and let all the General Acts, and specific regulations of Conference, proceed accordingly.

Q. 30. Can any further barrier be placed to resist and suppress a future spirit of innovation ?

A. As we uniformly declare, that our one object is to constitute a Religious Society, and preserve harmony among ourselves, and not to erect ourselves into a new Church, we do hereby pronounce our judgment, that if any member of the Conference shall propose any resolution subversive of this principle, or opposed to the Design, Doctrine, or Discipline herein contained, he is unworthy to be a member of the Conference, and thereby excludes himself

Agreed to unanimously, and signed for and in the behalf of the Assembled Representatives,

ADAM AVERELL, Dublin. SAMUEL MOORHEAD, Clones.

CHAP. 41.

An Act to amend the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the provisions contained in the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, should be amended:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, and this Act, shall be construed together as one Act, and the provisions of this Act shall be held to repeal and supersede such of the provisions of that Act as are inconsistent with this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as " The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871/1

3. The provisions of this Act shall apply to every gas undertaking authorised by any special Act hereafter passed, or by any provisional order made under the authority of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, save where the said provisions are expressly varied or excepted by any such special Act or provisional order; and every such special Act and provisional order is in this Act included in the term "the special Act"

4. Terms used in this Act have the same meanings respectively as the same terms have when used in the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, and in the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870.

The term "prescribed " in this Act shall mean prescribed by the special Act:

The term "premises " in this Act shall include house and building:

10 & 11 Vict. c. 15. and this Act to be construed together.

[Short title.]

Application of Act.

Interpretation of terms.

850

Prohibition against erecting gasworks elsewhere than on lands specified in schedule.

Sale of superfluous lands.

Receipts of guardians, See. to be sufficient discharge.

For appointment of receiver.

Undertakers not exempted from indictment.

Power to take easements, &c. by agreement.

Ch. 41. Gasworks Claudes Act (1847) Amende 34 & 35 Vict.

And the expression "superior courts " or " court of competent jurisdiction " in this Act, or in any Act wholly or partially incorporated herewith, shall be read and have effect as if the debt or demand in respect of which the expression is used were an ordinary simple contract debt and not a debt or demand created by statute.

General Provisions.

5. The Undertakers shall not manufacture gas, or any residual products, except upon lands described in the special Act, and they shall not store gas, except upon those lands, without the previous consent in writing of the owner, lessee, and occupier of every dwelling-house situate within three hundred yards of the limits of the site where such gas is intended to be stored.

6. The Undertakers may sell and dispose of any lands which are vested in them, or which they are authorised to purchase, or which they may hereafter acquire, and which shall not be required for the purposes of the undertaking, and the provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," sections 128 to 132 (both sections inclusive), shall apply to any such sale; and the Undertakers may also from time to time sell and dispose of any works, buildings, or erections on any lands belonging to them which shall not be required for the purposes of the undertaking.

7. If any money be payable to a shareholder in a gas undertaking, being a minor, idiot, or lunatic, the receipt of his or her respective guardian or committee shall be a sufficient discharge to the Undertakers for the same.

8. The mortgagees of the Undertakers may enforce payment of arrears of interest or principal, or principal and interest, due on their mortgages, in England and Ireland by the appointment of a receiver, and in Scotland by the appointment of a judicial factor; and in order to authorise the appointment of a receiver or judicial factor in respect of principal, or principal and interest, the amount owing to the mortgagees by whom the application for a receiver is made shall not be less than in the whole one thousand pounds, or such sum as shall be specified in the special Act.

9. Nothing in this or the special Act shall exonerate the Undertakers from any indictment, action, or other proceeding for nuisance in the event of any nuisance being caused by them.

10. Persons empowered by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," to sell and convey or release lands, may, if they think fit, subject to the provisions of that Act and of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Adi, 1860," grant to the Undertakers any easement, right, or privilege, not being an easement of water, required for the purposes of the special Act, in, over, or affecting any such lands; and the provisions of the last-mentioned Acts with respect to lands and rentcharges, as far as the same axe appli-

251

eable in this behalf, shall extend and apply to such grants, or to such easement, rights, or privileges as aforesaid.

Supply of Gas to Owners and Occupiers of Premises.

1L The Undertakers shall, upon being required so to do Undertakers by the owner or occupier of any premises situate within twenty-five yards from any main of the Undertakers, or such piy ofgas^o other distance as may be prescribed, give and continue to give owners and a supply of gas for such premises, under such pressure in the ^hm^the main as may be prescribed, and they shall furnish and lay limits of the any pipe that may be necessary for such purpose, subject to special Act. the conditions following; (that is to say,)

The cost of so much of any pipe for the supply of gas to any owner or occupier as may be laid upon the property of such owner or in the possession of such occupier, and of so much of any such pipe as may be laid for a greater distance than thirty feet from any pipe of the Undertakers, although not on such property, shall be defrayed by such owner or occupier.

Every owner or occupier of premises requiring a supply of gas shall —

Serve a notice upon the Undertakers at their office, specifying the premises in respect of which such supply is required, and the day (not being an earlier day than a reasonable time after the date of the service of such notice) upon which such supply is required to commence;

Enter into a written contract with the Undertakers (if required by them so to do) to continue to receive and pay for a supply of gas for a period of at least two years, of such an amount that the rent payable for the same shall not be less than twenty pounds per centum per annum on the outlay incurred by the Undertakers in providing any pipe to be provided by them for the purpose of such supply; and

Give to the Undertakers (if required by them so to do) security for the payment to them of all moneys which may become due to them by such owner or occupier in respect of any pipe to be furnished by the Undertakers and in respect of gas to be supplied by them.

Provided always, that the Undertakers may, after they have given a supply of gas for any premises, by notice in writing, require the owner or occupier of such premises, within seven days after the date of the service of such notice, to give to them security for the payment of all moneys which may from time to time become due to them in respect of such supply, in case such owner or occupier has not already given such security, or in case any security given has become invalid, or id insufficient, and in case any such owner or occupier fails to comply with the terms of such notice, the

Quality of gas.

Undertakers may require consumers to use meters.

Undertakers to supply meters.

Meters not to be connected or disconnected without notice.

Nature and] amount of security.

Ch. 41. Oa8work8 Clauses Act (1847) Ainendt. 34 & 35 Vict.

Undertakers may, if they please, discontinue to supply gas for such premises so long as such failure continues.

12. The quality of the gas supplied by the Undertakers shall, with respect to its illuminating power, be such as to produce at the testing place provided in conformity with this Act a light equal in intensity to that produced by the prescribed number of sperm candles of six in the pound, and such gas shall as to its purity not exhibit any trace of sulphuretted hydrogen when tested in accordance with the rules prescribed in that behalf in Part II. of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed.

13. Every consumer of gas supplied by the Undertakers shall, if required to do so by them, consume such gas by a meter duly stamped under the authority of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-second and twenty-third years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of " Gas," and being a legal meter within the meaning of the said Act, or by a meter supplied or approved by the Undertakers: Provided always, that where the provisions of the said Act are in force no meter shall be used unless the same shall be a legal meter within the meaning of the said Act, and that elsewhere the Undertakers shall not refuse to approve of any meter which when duly tested according to the rules contained in the said Act for regulating measures used in sales of gas is found to be correct within the meaning of the said Act.

14. The Undertakers shall supply to any owner or occupier of premises within the limits of the special Act requiring the same a meter for registering gas supplied by them: Provided always, that such owner or occupier shall, if required, previous to receiving such meter, give to the Undertakers security for payment to them of the price of such meter if he desires to purchase the same, or of the rent of such meter if he desires to hire the same.

15. No consumer shall connect any meter with any pipe through which gas is supplied by the Undertakers to such meter, or disconnect any meter from any such pipe, unless he shall have given to the Undertakers not less than twenty-four hours notice in writing of his intention so to do, and if any person acts in contravention of this section he shall be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

16. Where any owner or occupier is required by the special Act to give security to the Undertakers, such security may be by way of deposit or otherwise, and of such amount as he and the Undertakers agree on, or as, in default of agreement, may be determined, on the application of either party, by two justices, who may also order by which of the parties the costs of the proceedings before them shall be paid, and the decision of the justices shall be final and binding on all parties.

253

1871. Gasworks Clauses Act (1847) Amendment Ch. 41.

17. Every consumer of gas supplied by the Undertakers shall at all times, at his own expense, keep all meters belonging to him whereby any gas of the Undertakers is registered in proper order for correctly registering such gas, and in default of his so doing the Undertakers may cease to supply gas through such meter. The Undertakers shall have access to and be it liberty to take off, remove, test, inspect, and replace any such meter at all reasonable times, such taking off, removal, testing, inspecting, and replacing to be done at the expense of the Undertakers if the meter be found in proper order, but otherwise at the expense of the consumer.

18. The Undertakers may let for hire any meter for ascertaining the quantity of gas consumed or supplied, and any fittings thereto, for such remuneration in money, and on such terms with respect to the repair of such meter and fittings, and for securing the safety and return to the Undertakers of such meter, as may be agreed upon between the hirer and the Undertakers, and such remuneration shall be recoverable in the same manner as the rents or sums due to the Undertakers for gas, and such meters and fittings shall not be subject to distress, or to the landlord's remedy for rent of the premises where the same may be used, nor to be taken in execution under any process of a court of law or equity, or any proceedings in bankruptcy against the persons in whose possession the same may be.

19. The Undertakers shall at all times, at their own expense, keep all meters let for hire by them to any consumer in proper order for correctly registering gas, and in default of their so doing the consumer shall not be liable to pay rent for the same during such time as such default continues. The Undertakers shall, for the purposes aforesaid, have access to and be it liberty to remove, test, inspect, and replace any such meter at all reasonable times.

20. The register of the meter shall be prim& facie evidence of the quantity of gas consumed, and in respect of which any rent is charged and sought to be recovered by the Undertakers: Provided always, that if the Undertakers and the consumer differ as to the quantity consumed, such difference may be determined, upon the application of either party, by two justices, who may also order by which of the parties the costs of the proceedings before them shall be paid, and the decision of the justices shall be final and binding on all parties.

2L Any officer appointed by the Undertakers may at all reasonable times enter any building or land lighted with gas supplied by the Undertakers, in order to inspect the meters, fittings, and works for the supply of gas, and for the purpose of ascertaining the quantity of gas consumed or supplied; and if any person hinder such officer as aforesaid from entering and making such inspection as aforesaid at any reasonable time, he shall for every such offence forfeit to the Undertakers a sum not exceeding five pounds.

Consumer to keep his meter in proper order.

Power to the Undertakers to let meters.

Undertakers to keep meter let for hire in repair.

Register of gas meters to be primA facie evidence.

Power to enter buildings for ascertaining quantities of gas consumed.

Power to remove meter and fittings.

Recovery of charges for

gas.

Supply and price of gas to public lamps.

As to consumption of gas supplied to the public lamps.

Ch. 41. Oa8WorJc8 Clauses Act (1847) A mendt. 34 & 35 Vict.

22. In all cases in which a consumer of gas supplied by the Undertakers ceases to require a supply of such gas, and in all cases in which the Undertakers are authorised to take away and cut off the supply of gas from any premises, it shall be lawful for the Undertakers, their agents or workmen, after twenty-four hours notice in writing, under the hand of the secretary or other properly authorised officer of the Undertakers, to the occupier, or if unoccupied, then to the owner or lessee, or to the agent of the owner or lessee, of any premises in which any pipes, meters, fittings, or apparatus belonging to the Undertakers are laid or fixed, and through or in which the supply of gas is from any such cause discontinued, to enter such premises between the hours of nine in the morning and four in the evening, for the purpose of removing and to remove such pipes, meters, fittings, or apparatus, repairing all damage caused by such entry or removal.

23. In case any person who shall have been supplied with gas by the Undertakers shall neglect or refuse to pay the amount due in respect of such supply, any justice may issue his summons to such person, requiring him to appear at a time and place named therein, and then and there to show cause why the sum so demanded should not be paid; and if on the appearance of such person, or in default of appearance after proof of the service of the summons, either personally or at the last known place of abode or of business of such person, no sufficient cause can be shown to the contrary, any justice may issue his warrant of distress for the seizure and sale of the goods and chattels of such person, for the recovery of the amount which may be proved before such justice to be due from such person, together with such costs, including the cost of cutting off the gas, if the same shall have been cut off by the Undertakers, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable.

Supply of Gas to Local Authorities.

24. The Undertakers shall supply gas to any public lamps within the distance of fifty yards from any of the mains of the Undertakers in such quantities as the local authority of each district or the trustees of any turnpike road or any highway board within the limits of the special Act may from time to time require to be supplied, and the price to be charged by the Undertakers and to be paid to them for all gas so supplied shall be settled by agreement between the local authorities and the Undertakers, and in case of difference by arbitration, regard being had to the circumstances of the case and the prices charged to private consumers in the district.

25. The gas supplied to the public lamps within the limits of the special Act shall be consumed by meter, at the option either of the local authority of the district or the Undertakers and in case of its being consumed by meter the meter shall be

1871. Gasworks Clauses Act (184*7) Amendment Ch. 41. 255

provided and fixed by the Undertakers, and be paid for by the party requiring it.

If the gas is supplied to the public lamps in any district by average meter indication, the Undertakers shall, for securing uniformity of consumption between metered and unmetered lamps, from time to time provide the public lamps in such district with proper self-acting pressure regulators and burners to the satisfaction of the local authority of such district; and the average amount of the indications of all the meters attached to the public lamps within such district under the control of the local authority shall, except as herein-after mentioned, be deemed to be the amount consumed by each such lamp in such district.

26. In case gas is supplied to the public lamps in any district Governors for by the Undertakers, they or the local authority of such district8treet lamps' may, at their own expense, cause to be affixed to each lamp

the instrument known as a street lamp governor, and the Undertakers or such local authority (as the case requires) shall "be entitled to have access thereto for the purpose of examining the same.

27. Any difference which may arise between the Under- For settlement takers and any local authority in relation to the supply or betwem^e68 consumption of gas to or by such local authority shall be from Undertaken time to time settled by arbitration in manner provided by and the local u The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with authority. respect to the settlement of disputes by arbitration.

Testing of Gas.

28. The Undertakers shall cause to be provided, at the Testing place, place prescribed and within the prescribed time, a testing place,

with apparatus therein, for the purposes following, or such of them as may be prescribed by the special Act; that is to Bay, —

1. For testing the illuminating power of the gas supplied;

2. For testing the presence of sulphuretted hydrogen in the gas supplied.

The said apparatus shall be in accordance with the regulations prescribed in Part L of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, or according to such rules as may from time to time be substituted in lieu thereof by any special Act, and shall be so situated and arranged as to be used for the purpose of testing the illuminating power and purity of the gas supplied by the Undertakers, and the Undertakers shall at all times thereafter keep and maintain such testing place and apparatus in good repair and working order.

29. The local authority of any district within the limits of Appointment the special Act, where the gas is not supplied by such local authority, may after the passing of the special Act from time

to time appoint, or may appoint and keep appointed, a competent and impartial person to be a gas examiner to test the gas at the testing place provided in conformity with the pro-

256

Two justices may appoint gas examiner.

Representation of Undertakers.

Mode of testing.

Report of gas examiner.

Access to testing place.

Accounts, &c.

Ch. 41. Gasworks Clauses Act (1847) Amendt. 34 & 35 Vict.

visions of this Act; and such gas examiner may there test the illuminating power and purity of the gas supplied by the Undertakers, on any or every day between the hours of five o'clock and ten o'clock in the afternoon from the first day of October to the thirty-first day of March, both inclusive, and on any or every day between the hours of eight o'clock and eleven o'clock in the afternoon from the first day of April to the thirtieth day of September, both inclusive.

30. Where no such gas examiner is appointed, or where the testing of the gas is imperfectly attended to by the local authority, two justices, on the application of consumers of the gas of the Undertakers, not being less than five, by order in writing may appoint some competent and impartial person to be gas examiner, and such person may at any time within the hours aforesaid, on producing the said order, enter on the premises of the Undertakers, and there test the illuminating power and purity of the gas supplied by them.

31. The Undertakers may, if they think fit, on each occasion of the testing of the gas by the gas examiner, be represented by some officer, but such officer shall not interfere in the testing.

32. Any tests taken in pursuance of this Act shall be taken in accordance with the rules prescribed in Part II. of the Schedule A. to this Act annexed.

33. The gas examiner shall, on the day immediately following that on which the testing of the illuminating power or purity of the gas has been conducted, make and deliver a report of the results of his testing to the local authority or justices by whom he was appointed, and to the Undertakers, and such report shall be receivable in evidence.

34. The Undertakers shall give to the gas examiner and to his assistants, and to every local authority within the limits of the special Act, and their agents, access to the testing place, and shall afford all facilities for the proper execution of this Act; and in case the Undertakers make default in complying with any of the provisions of this section they shall for every such default be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds to the local authority or to the persons making the application.

Accounts.

35. The Undertakers shall fill up and forward to the local authority of every district within the limits of the special Act, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in each year, an annual statement of accounts, made up to the thirty-first day of December then next preceding, as near as may be in the form and containing the particulars specified in the Schedule B. to this Act annexed.

The Undertakers shall keep copies of such annual statement at their office, and sell the same to any applicant at a price not exceeding one shilling for each such copy.

257

1871. 0(mvork8 Clauses Act (1847) Amendment. Ch. 41.

The Board of Trade, with the consent of the Undertakers, may alter the said forms for the purpose of adapting them to the circumstances of the undertaking, or of better carrying into effect the objects of this section.

In case the Undertakers make default in complying with the provisions of this section they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each day during which such default continues.

Penalties.

36. Whenever the Undertakers neglect or refuse to give a Penalty for supply of gas to any owner or occupier of premises within feilu^e

the limits of the special Act entitled to the same, under such supp 7 *' pressure as is prescribed, they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each day during which such default continues.

Whenever the Undertakers neglect or refuse to supply gas as by this Act required to all or any of the public lamps in accordance with the provisions of this Act, they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each default.

If it shall be proved to the satisfaction of any two justices, not being shareholders in the undertaking, after hearing the parties, that on any day the gas supplied by the Undertakers is under less pressure, of less illuminating power, or of less purity than it ought to be according to the provisions of this or the special Act, the Undertakers shall in every such case forfeit and pay to the local authority or other persons making application for testing the gas such sum not exceeding twenty pounds as the justices shall determine.

Penalties imposed on the Undertakers for one and the Penalties not same offence by several Acts of Parliament shall not be cumulative, cumulative, and for such purpose the special Act and the Acts incorporated therewith shall be deemed several Acts.

37. Where the gas examiner is appointed by the justices as Cost of expe-aforesaid, the costs of and attending such experiment, including ri"*nt to

the remuneration to be paid to the person making the same, toevent?

and the costs of the proceedings before the justices, shall be

ascertained by such justices, and in the event of any penalty

being imposed on the Undertakers shall be paid, together with such penalty, by the Undertakers, but in the event of no

penalty being imposed the costs shall be in the discretion of the justices.

38. Every person who wilfully, fraudulently, or by culpable Penalty for negligence injures or suffers to be injured any pipes, meter, or

fittings belonging to the Undertakers, or alters the index to any meter, or prevents any meter from duly registering the quantity of gas supplied, or fraudulently abstracts, consumes, or uses gas of the Undertakers, shall (without prejudice to any other right or remedy for the protection of the Under-

258

Incoming tenants not liable to pay arrears of gas rents, &c.

Recovery of rents, &c.

Recovery of stuns due to Undertakers.

Contents of summons or warrant.

Ch. 4*1. Gasworks Clauses.Act (1847) Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

takers or the punishment of the offender) for every such offence forfeit and pay to the Undertakers a sum not exceeding five pounds, and the Undertakers may in addition thereto recover the amount of any damage by them sustained; and in any case in which any person has wilfully or fraudulently injured or suffered to be injured any pipes, meter, or fittings belonging to the Undertakers, or altered the index to any meter, or prevented any meter from duly registering the quantity of gas supplied, the Undertakers may also, until the matter complained of has been remedied, but no longer, discontinue the supply of gas to the person so offending (notwithstanding any contract previously existing); and the existence of artificial means for causing such alteration or prevention, or for abstracting, consuming, or using gas of Undertakers, when such meter is under the custody or control of the consumer, shall be prim& facie evidence that such alteration, prevention, abstraction, or consumption, as the case may be, has been fraudulently, knowingly, and wilfully caused by the consumer using such meter.

Recovery of Gas Rents.

39. In case any consumer of gas supplied by the Undertakers leaves the premises where such gas has been supplied to him without paying the gas rent or meter rent due from him, the Undertakers shall not be entitled to require from the next tenant of such premises the payment of the arrears left unpaid by the former tenant, unless such incoming tenant has undertaken with the former tenant to pay or exonerate him from the payment of such arrears.

40. If any person supplied with gas or with any gas meter or fittings by the Undertakers neglects to pay to the Undertakers the rent due for such gas or the rent or money due to the Undertakers for the hire or fixing of such meter, or any expenses lawfully incurred by the Undertakers in cutting off the gas from the premises of such person, the Undertakers may recover the sum so due in like manner as a penalty under this Act

41. Whenever any person neglects to pay any rent or sum due and payable by him to the Undertakers, the Undertakers may recover the same, with full costs of suit, in any court of competent jurisdiction, and the remedy of the Undertakers under this enactment shall be in addition to their other remedies for the recovery of such rent or sum.

Legal Proceedings.

42. Any summons or warrant issued for any of the purposes of this Act may contain, in the body thereof or in a schedule thereto, several names and several sums.

1871. Gaswcn'ks Clauses Act (1847) Amendment. Ch. 41. 25 £

43. Any justice who issues a warrant of distress in pur- Warrant of suance of the provisions of this Act may order that the costs

of the proceedings for the recovery of the money to be levied shall he paid by the person liable to pay such money, and such costs shall be ascertained by the justice, and shall be included in the warrant of distress for the recovery of such money.

44. All offences and penalties under this Act, and all money Summary forfeited, and all money and costs by this Act directed to

be recovered as penalties, may be prosecuted and recovered penalties, &c. in manner directed by "The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the recovery of penalties.

45. Every notice which the Undertakers are by this Act Service of required to serve upon any person shall be served by being undei^ers. delivered to the person for whom it is intended, or by being

left at his usual or last known place of abode, or sent by post addressed to such persons, or if such person or his address be not known to the Undertakers, and cannot after due inquiry be found or ascertained, then by being affixed for three days to some conspicuous part of the premises to which such notice relates.

46. No justice or judge of any county court or quarter Liability to

sessions shall be disqualified from acting in the execution of ^diTu^fv this Act by reason of his being liable to the payment of any justice fh>m gas rent or other charge under this Act. acting.

SCHEDULE A.

Part I.

Regulations vn respect of testing apparatus.

1. The apparatus for testing the illuminating power of the gas shall consist of the improved form of Bunsen's photometer, known as Letheby's open 60-inch photometer, or Evans* enclosed 100-inch photometer, together with a proper meter, minute clock, governor, pressure gauge, and balance.

The burner to be used for testing the gas shall be such as shall be prescribed.

The candles used for testing the gas shall be sperm candles of six to the pound, and two candles shall be used together.

2. The apparatus —

(o.) For testing the presence in the gas of sulphuretted hydrogen. — A glass vessel containing a strip of bibulous paper moistened with a solution of acetate of lead, containing sixty grains of crystallized acetate of lead dissolved in one fluid ounce of water.

260

Ch. 4] . Gasworks Clauses Act (1847) Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

Part II.

Rules as to mode of testing gas.

I. Mode of testing for illuminating power.

The gas in the photometer is to be lighted at least fifteen minutes before the testings begin, and it is to be kept continuously burning from the beginning to the end of the tests.

Each testing shall include ten observations of the photometer made at intervals of a minute.

The consumption of the gas is to be carefully adjusted to five cubic feet per hour.

The candles are to be lighted at least ten minutes before beginning each testing, so as to arrive at their normal rate of burning, which is shown when the wick is slightly bent and the tip glowing. The standard rate of consumption for the candles shall be 120 grains each per hour. Before and after making each set of ten observations of the photometer the gas examiner shall weigh the candles, and if the combustion shall have been more or less per candle than 120 grains per hour he shall make and record the calculations requisite to neutralise the effects of this difference.

The average of each set of ten observations is to be taken as representing the illuminating power of that testing.

(a.) For sulphuretted hydrogen. — The gas shall be passed through the glass vessel containing the strip of bibulous paper moistened with the solution of acetate of lead for a period of three minutes, or such longer period as may be prescribed; and if any discolouration of the test paper is found to have taken place, this is to be held conclusive as to the presence of sulphuretted hydrogen in the gas.

II. Mode of testing.

SCHEDULE b.

Form, of Annual Accounts.

The Gas Company.

Year ended 31st December 18 .

A. — Statement of Shake Capital,

On the 31st December 18 .

1. Description of Capital. 2. Maximum Dividend authorised. 8. Number of Shares issued. 4. Nominal Amount of Share. 5. Called up per Share. ' 6. Total paid up. 7. Amount issued but not] paid up. 8. Remaining to be issued. 9. Total Amounts authorised.

B. — Statement of Loan Capital, On the 31st December 18 .

1. Description of Loan (Mortgage, Bond, Debenture, Stock, &c.). 2. Bate per cent, of Interest. 8. Total Amounts borrowed at 31st December 18 . 4. Remaining to be borrowed. 5. Total Amounts authorised.

Total share capital paid up (See A.) - £

Do. loan do. borrowed (See B.) }[» - - £

Total capital received - - £ bg

1871. Gasworks Clauses Act (1847) Arriendment. Ch. 41.

C. — Capital Account,

For the year ended 31st Detembet 18

K»

o>

to

I

o

o

eg

— Expenditure to 31st December 18 . Expended this Year. Total to 31st December 18 . — Certified Receipts, 31st December 18 . Received during Year? Total Receipts to 31st December 18 .

1. To expenditure to 31st December 18 A s. d. A 8. d. A 8. d. 1. By ordinary shares of A each A s. d. £ *. d. A 8. d.

Since that date. 2. To lands acquired, including law charges - 3., new buildings, manufacturing plant, machines, storage works, and other structures connected with manufacture 2., ditto of A each - 3., preference shares of A each 4., debenture stock -

4., new mains and service pipes (not being in place of old ones), including laying same, paving, and other works connected with distribution - 5., mortgages and bonds - 6., amount received in anticipation of calls

5., new meters (not in place of old ones), including fixing -

6., costs of promoting special Act - 7., special items (if any) -

Total expenditure m m

To balance of capital account - ' Total -

A . r..fkr> .

-ptwjupmuby py wwdjq 83[Mtim>{) *if ho

D

eg '

o

o

A

D. —

For the year

Revknue Account, ended 31st December 18

To Manufacture of Gas.

1. Coals, including dues, carriage, mdoading, and all

expenses of depositing same on works

2. Purifying materials, oil, water, and sundries at works

3. Salaries of engineers, including chief engineer (if

any), superintendents, and officers at works

4. Wages and gratuities at works -

5. Repairs and maintenance of works and plant (in>

eluding renewal of retorts), machines, apparatus, tools, materials, and labour £

Less old material sold - £

To Distribution of Gas.

6. Salaries of surveyor, chief inspector, inspectors,

assistant inspectors, and clerks in light office

7. Repair, maintenance, and renewal of mains, and of

service pipes, including materials, laying and paving, and labour -

8. Repairing, renewing, and refixing meters -

To Public Lamps.

9. Lighting and repairing To Rents, Rates, and Taxes.

10. Rents -

11. Rates and Taxes To Management.

12. Directors* allowances -

13. Salaries of secretary, accountant, and clerks, office

keepers, and messengers -

14. Collectors' commission or salaries -

15. Stationery and printing -

16. General establishment charges and incidentals

17. Auditor -

To Law and Parliamentary Charges.

18. Law -

19. Parliamentary (oppositions) -

20. To depreciation fund for works on leasehold lands (if any)

21. To bad debts -

To other items (if any) -

Total expenditure -.Balance carried to Profit and Loss Account, E.

£ a. d.

£ s. d.

By Bale of Gab.

1. Common gas (cubic feet), at / per

feet -

2. Cannel gas (cubic feet), at / per

feet -

8. Public lighting and under contracts-

4. Rental of meters -

By Residual Products.

5. Coke, less labour and cartage

6. Breeze,

7. Tar -, »

8. Ammoniacal liquor,

0. By rents 10. By transfer fees By other item (if any) -

1.000 cubic

1.000 cubic

Total receipts

£ «. d.

- £

to

o

CO

o

o

eg

ft

Dr.

E. — Profit and Loss Account (net revenue), For the year ended 31st December 18

Or.

te

o

1. To amount carried to Reserved Fond Account, F. (if any) from profits of 18 - - 2., Interest on temporary loans, and moneys received in anticipation of calls - ... 3., Ditto on mortgages and bonds accrued to 31st December 18 - 4., Ditto on debenture stock to ditto ... 5., Half-year's dividend on 1st preferential to 80th June 18 6., Ditto, 2nd preferential to ditto 7., Ditto on ordinary shares at per cent. - A 8. d. 1. By balance of net profit brought from last account (31st December 18)2., Amount drawn from reserved fund (if any) Less dividend paid for the half-year ended 31st December 18 A 8. d.

3. Balance brought from Revenue Account, D., being profit for year to December 18 - 4. Interest on moneys deposited -

Balance of net profit to be carried to next account subject to half-year's dividends to 81st December 18 - A

A

F. — Reserved Fund Account, For the year ended 31st December 18

1. Amount (if any) carried to Profit and Loss Account (B.) to make up deficiencies of dividends to 81st December 18 2. Amount paid for extraordinary claim or demand (if any) - 3. Amount of balance to be carried to next account - A #. d. 1. By balance brought from last account ... 2. By balance brought from Profit and Loss Account (E.) 8. By interest on amount invested - - A A s. d.

A

fcO

09

to

Q. — Statement of Coajls, During the year ended 31st December 18

Description of Coal. In Store, 81st December 18 Received during Year. Carbonized or used during Year. In Store, 31st December 18 .

Common ----, Cannel ---- Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons.

H. — Statement of Residual Products, For the year ended 31st December 18 .

Description of Residual In Store, 3.1st December 18 . Estimated. Made during^ Tear. Estimated. Used in Manufacture during Year. Estimated. Sold during Year. In Store, 31st December 18 Estimated.

Coke — common, chaldrons of 36 bushels cannel, , Breeze, , - Tar, gallons - Ammoniacal liquor, butts of 108 gallons' .....

fcSJ

o

o

eg

FT

1871. 0a8work8 Clauses Act (1847) Amendment. Ch. 41. 265

O

o

0§

ft

Dr.

I. — Generax Balance Sheet, On 31st December 18 .

Or.

1. To Capital Account —

* . i

Balance at credit thereof (Account C.) - -I

2., Profit and Loss Account —

Balance at credit thereof (Account E.)

3., Reserved Fund —

Balance at credit thereof (Account F.)

4., Depreciation Fund (for works on leasehold lands) —

Balance at credit thereof (Account .)

5., Unpaid dividends -

6., Interest accrued and unpaid on mortgages, bonds, and

debenture stock, and other loans, to 31st December 18 -

7., Sundry tradesmen and others, -for amount due for coals,

stores, &c., to 31 st December 18 -

8., Wages and Contingencies —

Amount due to 31st December 18

Other items (if any) -

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

1. By cash at bankers -

2., , on deposit or at interest -

3., coals for stock on hand, 31st December 18

4., coke and breeze,

5., tar and other products,

6., sundry stores,

7., gas and meter rental; balance of this account due to

the company on 31st December 18, less deposits

and prepayments -

8., coke and other residual,

9., sundry accounts,

special items (if any), including investments

26<? Cfc. 41. Gasworks Clauses Act (1847) Amendment 34 & 35 Vict.

1871.

Citation Amendment (Scotland).

Ch. 42.

* 67

CHAP. 42.

An Act to amend the Process of Citation in Scotland.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Scottish Parliament, passed in the reign of King James V., anno 1540, c. 75., entitled " The ordour of summounding of all persones in civill actiones," the affixing of " copies of letters or precepts " to the gate or door of a house, after the officer has given six knocks and Med to get entrance thereto, was made a lawful and sufficient citation:

And whereas great evils have arisen through the practice of that mode of citation, and it is expedient that it be restricted, and also that the present process of citation be in some other respects amended:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The short title of this Act shall be " The Citation Amendment (Scotland) Act."

2. No summons, complaint, or decree and warrant or other order or writ following upon such summons or complaint issued by any small debt court in Scotland, shall be legally or validly served, —

(1.) By being affixed to the gate or door of any house or

premises, or,

(2.) Where the defender has removed from such house or premises, by being left in the hands of an inmate thereof, save as herein-after excepted.

3. Where an officer of any small debt court *is satisfied that the defender named in any summons, complaint, decree and warrant or other order of such small debt court or writ following upon such summons or complaint, is refusing access or concealing himself to avoid citation or service, or has within a period of forty days removed from the house or premises occupied by him, his place of dwelling for the time not being known, it shall be lawful for such officer, after he has affixed to the gate or door of such house or premises, or left in the hands of an inmate there, the said summons, complaint, decree and warrant or other order or writ, to send to the address which after diligent inquiry he may deem most likely to find the defender, or to his last known address, a registered letter by post containing a copy of such summons, complaint, decree and warrant or other order or writ; and the affixing or leaving of such summons, complaint, decree and warrant or other order or writ, and the posting of such intimation, shall constitute a legal and valid citation or service: Provided always, that the execution to be returned by such officer shall state that he

[Short title.]

Abolition of lock-hole citation, and where defender has removed.

In certain cases substituting registered letter by post.

1268 Ch. 42, 43. Citation Amendment (Scotland). 34 & 35 Vict.

endeavoured to effect service at the defender's last known dwelling place, and the circumstances that prevented it, and shall be accompanied by the Post Office receipt for the registration.

Witnesses 4. In all cases before the small debt courts and proceedings

unnecessary, therein, it shall not, except in cases of poinding, sequestrating, or charging, be necessary for any officer to be accompanied by any witness or concurrent.

Interpretation 5. The word defender shall mean and include the person of defender. or persons named in and called upon to answer any summons, complaint, decree, and warrant or other order or writ or proceeding in the small debt courts.

Application 6. Nothing in this Act shall apply to the proceedings of of Act. other courts than the small debt courts of the sheriffs and

justices of the peace.

[Short title.]

Extent. Explanation of terms.

CHAP- 43-

Aji Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Dilapidations.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS as well for the better sustentation of houses f of residence, chancels, and other buildings which incumbents of ecclesiastical benefices and other ecclesiastical persons are by law or custom bound to maintain in repair, as also for the relief of such persons and their representatives, it is expedient to amend the law relating to ecclesiastical dilapidations:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as " The Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871," and shall come into operation as on and from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, which day is in this Act referred to as " the commencement of this Act."

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

3. The term "benefice " in this Act shall comprehend all rectories with cure of souls, vicarages, perpetual curacies, donatives, endowed public chapels, and parochial chapelries, and chapelries or districts belonging or reputed to belong, or annexed or reputed to be annexed, to any church or chapel

The term "patron " shall, with reference to any benefice, mean the person or persons or corporation who, in case such benefice were vacant, would be entitled to present thereto; but if the right to present to such benefice shall be vested in different persons or corporations, whether jointly or by way of alternate presentations, the term patron shall (unless the

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 269

context requires otherwise) comprehend both or all such different persons or corporations in whom such right of joint or alternate presentations shall for the time being be vested; and as regards the patrons referred to in sections 126, 127, and 128 of the Act 1 & 2 Vict. chapter 106, the actions of or towards such patrons required by this Act shall be performed in the manner stated in such sections 126, 127, and 128, as if the said sections were here repeated and made applicable to the provisions of this Act.

The term "surveyor" shall mean the official surveyor elected under this Act, except where otherwise described.

The term "governors" shall mean the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy.

The term "the archdeacon" shall mean the archdeacon of the archdeaconry within which the benefice is situated with regard to which the provisions of this Act are sought to be applied.

The term "the rural dean" shall mean the rural dean of the rural deanery within which the benefice is situated with regard to which the provisions of this Act are sought to be applied.

4. The provisions of this Act respecting buildings belonging What included to a benefice shall apply to all such houses of residence, M chancels, walls, fences, and other buildings and things as the incumbent of the benefice is by law or custom bound to maintain in repair.

5. For the purposes of this Act any building belonging to Building out a benefice shall be deemed to be within the diocese of the °* diocese-bishop under whose jurisdiction the benefice is, although the building be not in fact locally situate within that diocese.

6. During the vacancy of a see the powers under this Act Vacancy of which may be exercised by a bishop shall be exercised by the see> &c*-guardian of the spiritualities of the diocese. Where a bishop '

is disabled from exercising in person the functions of his office, those powers shall be exercised by the person lawfully empowered to exercise his general jurisdiction in the diocese.

7. The powers which may be exercised under this Act by Powers of a bishop shall be exercised by an archbishop in relation to his diocese.

Suweyors of Dilapidations.

8. Within three months after the commencement of this Surveyors Act, a surveyor or surveyors of ecclesiastical dilapidations ^oces? shall be appointed in and for each diocese by the archdeacons and rural deans, if any, of such diocese, assembled at a meeting convened for that purpose, at which the bishop of the diocese, or in his absence the senior archdeacon present, as to the date of his appointment as archdeacon, shall preside. Every such appointment may be general or for a limited term, and may be for the whole or part of the diocese as shall be stated in

270 Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations, 34 & 35 Vict.

Their successors.

Payment of surveyors by fixed rate of charges.

Surveyor not to be interested in contracts.

the appointment, and shall be subject to the approval of the bishop of the diocese; the bishop shall have power to hear any complaint against the surveyor of neglect, breach of duty, or unfitness for his office, and to remove him from his office after giving him an opportunity of showing cause to the contrary. No surveyor appointed under the provisions of this Act shall have any claim to compensation in consequence of the repeal or any alteration of this Act.

9. On a vacancy occurring in the office of surveyor, a fit person shall in like manner be appointed within three months from the occurrence of such vacancy.

10. The surveyor shall be paid according to a rate of charges, and not by way of salary, and such charges, and also the fees of the bishop's secretary and registrar for work done in pursuance of this Act, shall be fixed in each diocese by the bishop, the archdeacons, the rural deans, if any, and the chancellor for the time being of such diocese, assembled at a meeting convened for that purpose, who may from time to time, at a meeting convened for that purpose, revise and alter such rate of charges and fees, but if any such alteration of surveyors charges be made after the buildings belonging to any benefice shall have been inspected pursuant to this Act by a surveyor, the payment of such surveyor for such inspection, and for all subsequent proceedings after such inspection with reference thereto, shall be according to the rate of charges in force at the time of making such inspection.

11. It shall not be lawful for the surveyor to be beneficially interested, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any partner or otherwise, in any work or contract to be executed or entered into by any person or persons (except any public company of which he may happen to be a member or shareholder, but not manager or director) under the provisions of this Act.

Inspections at other times than when a Benefice is vacant

Inspection may be ordered at request of archdeacon, rural dean, patron, or incumbent.

12. It shall be lawful for the bishop, on the complaint in writing of the archdeacon, or of the rural dean, or of the patron of a benefice, that the buildings of the benefice are in a state of dilapidation, or at the request of the incumbent, to direct the surveyor to inspect the buildings of the benefice, or any of them: Provided always, that a copy of such complaint shall be forwarded by the bishop to the incumbent, or the sequestrator, if any, one month before such inspection shall be ordered.

As to a bene- 13. As regards a benefice under sequestration at the time fiCeuwfration commencement of this Act, the bishop may, at any time during such sequestration, and as regards a benefice thereafter put under sequestration, the bishop may, within six months after such sequestration issued, direct the surveyor to inspect as aforesaid, and such inspection shall be renewed in every fifth year while such benefice shall be under sequestration.

1871. Ecclesiastic Ch. 43. 271

14. The surveyor shall as soon as conveniently may be after Form of such direction inspect, and within one month after inspection report an<* send to the bishop a report of the result of the same, and shall send a copy to the incumbent, and to the sequestrator, if any.

16. Where the surveyor shall report that any works are Its contents, needed for putting into repair any dilapidated building belonging to a benefice, he shall report, —

1. What works are so needed, specifying the same in detail:

2. What he estimates to be the probable cost of such works:

3. At or within what time or times such works respectively

ought to be executed.

16. The incumbent, or the sequestrator, if any, may within Objections by

one month after the sending the said copy state in writing to and the bishop objections to the report on any grounds of fact or thereon.

law, and in such case the bishop may, if he shall think fit, at the expense of the party objecting, direct a second report to be made by another surveyor or take the opinion of counsel upon any question of law, and the bishop shall, after due consideration of the whole matter, give his decision in writing.

If no objections to the report shall be made, then, at the end of the period limited for making objections thereto, the report shall be final; and if objections shall have been made, then the report, as modified by the bishop's decision, shall be final.

17. It shall be lawful for the incumbent to borrow and for Incumbent the governors, if they shall think fit, upon his request and

with the consent of the bishop and patron, to lend upon the governors, security of the possessions of the benefice, —

(I.) The whole or any part of the sum stated in the final report as the cost of the works:

(2.) Such sum as the governors shall think fit in respect of costs and expenses.

18. The sum (if any) lent by the governors shall be placed The governors

in their books to the credit of an account to be entitled " The ^fdation Dilapidation Account of A.B., incumbent of and out acCoimt.

of the said sum the governors shall forthwith pay and discharge the costs and expenses of and incidental to the preparation and completion of the security.

19. In case of a benefice not under sequestration, it shall Incumbent to be the duty of the incumbent to execute the repairs prescribed execute works* in the final report in the manner and at or within the time

or times therein prescribed, or within such extended time or times as the bishop shall by writing under his hand direct.

20. In the case of a benefice under sequestration, the sum Sequestrators stated in the final report as the cost of the works shall be a tone's charge upon the moneys from time to time received by the to the gover-S sequestrator in respect of the net profits or income of the nors. benefice in priority to all other charges, except the stipends

of the curate or curates appointed to perform the duties attaching to the benefice, and the sequestrator shall so long as the sequestration shall remain in force pay so much of such

272

Application of money paid by sequestrators.

I*roviso in case archdeacon or patron make complaint of want of repairs.

Execution of works on neglect, &c. of incumbent.

Avoidance of benefice not to

Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 34 & 35 Vict.

profits as shall remain in his hands after payment of the said stipends to the governors until the whole of the sum stated shall have been paid.

2L Moneys paid to the governors in respect of a benefice under sequestration shall be placed in their books to the credit of an account to be called The Dilapidation Account of C.D., sequestrator of . The repairs may

be executed from time to time as the moneys are received by the governors or be deferred, with the consent of the bishop, until the whole sum required to be paid by the sequestrator to the governors shall have been paid, and the repairs shall be paid for out of the moneys standing to the credit of the said account in like manner as in the case of repairs executed by an incumbent; and if any benefice under sequestration shall become vacant before such repairs shall have been completed, an inspection and report shall be made by the surveyor and proceeded with in the same manner as if such benefice had not been under sequestration; and the amount (if any) which shall have been paid to the governors by the sequestrator in respect of repairs, and not expended, shall be can-ied to the dilapidation account of the new incumbent in reduction of the amount payable by the late incumbent, his executors or administrators.

22. Where complaint shall be made by the archdeacon, or the rural dean, or the patron of the benefice as aforesaid, if the incumbent shall, within twenty-one days after notice of such complaint shall have been given as aforesaid, inform the bishop in writing that he intends forthwith to put his buildings in proper repair, the bishop shall allow the incumbent a reasonable time to execute such repairs, and on being satisfied that such repairs have been fully executed shall abstain from further proceedings; but the bishop may during the progress and after the completion of such repairs direct the surveyor to inspect and report thereon, and if the surveyor shall report that the repairs are insufficient direct the surveyor to inspect and report upon such repairs; and if he shall report that further repairs are necessary, then the powers of this Act shall or may be put in force in like manner as if the incumbent had not given notice that he intended himself to do the repairs.

23. If any incumbent shall refuse or neglect duly to execute in the prescribed manner, and at or within the prescribed time or times, any prescribed repairs, it shall be lawful for the bishop to raise the sum prescribed in the final report, if not otherwise provided by the incumbent, together with all costs incurred by the bishop in relation thereto, by sequestration of the profits of the benefice, and the provisions contained in sections 20 and 21 with respect to the payment of the profits of the benefice to the governors and the application of the money shall be applicable to this section.

24. No report, order, or proceedings thereunder shall be affected by a vacancy occurring in the benefice before the

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 273

commencement or pending the execution of the works pre- affect report, scribed by the report, but such report shall be acted on as &c* if such vacancy had not occurred, subject nevertheless to any modification which may be made therein in consequence of any report of the surveyor after his inspections made in consequence of such vacancy, in pursuance of provisions hereinafter specified.

Houses of Residence of Archbishops, Bishops, Deems, and Canons.

25. At any time after the commencement of this Act, it Archbishop or shall be lawful for any archbishop or bishop and for the c.

holder of any dignity or office in any cathedral or collegiate lio mppec church to employ any surveyor, approved for the purpose by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to inspect and examine any house of residence or other building appurtenant thereto of such archbishop or bishop, or belonging to any such dignity or office which he is by law or custom bound to maintain in repair at his own personal cost.

26. Where, in the opinion of such surveyor, founded on any Works to be such inspection, any works are needed for putting into a prescribed, proper state of repair the house of residence or other building inspected, he shall report what works are so needed, and at

or within what time or times such works or any particular part or parts thereof ought to be executed.

27. A certificate of such surveyor that such works have Evidence of been duly executed, which shall be filed in the registry of execution of the diocese in duplicate, and one of the duplicates whereofwor

shall be delivered or sent by the registrar to the archbishop or bishop, to whose see or to the person to whose dignity or office, as the case may be, the certificate relates, shall be conclusive evidence of the due execution of such works.

28. If the archbishoprick or bishoprick, dignity, or office Protection of to which the certificate shall relate shall become vacant within archbishops or the period of five years from the filing of such certificate, forthwiiabU the archbishop or bishop, or the holder of the dignity or lity.

office, as the case may be, or his representatives respectively, shall not, as to such house of residence or other building, be liable to any claim for dilapidations in respect of such archbishoprick or bishoprick, dignity, or office, either under this Act or at the suit of any successor independently of this Act, except for wilful waste and loss or damage by fire; but this exemption from liability shall be subject to the like condition in regard to insurance against fire as is contained in the forty-seventh section in the case of the incumbent of a benefice.

A 8 to vacant Benefices.

29. Within three calendar months after the avoidance of Inspection of any benefice after the commencement of this Act, unless the ^bin^ce^n late incumbent shall under this Act be free from all liability a vacancy;

notice to

274

officiating clergyman.

Report of inspection to be sent to bishop, new "incumbent, and late incumbent, or his representatives. Contents of report.

Objections to the report.

Time for objecting.

The bishop to make an order.

Delivery of bishop's order.

Sum payable for dilapidation to be a debt due.

The new incumbent to pay over the dilapidation

Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidation 34 & 35 Vict.

to dilapidations, the bishop shall direct the surveyor who shall inspect the buildings of such benefice, and report to the bishop what sum, if any, is required to make good the dilapidations to which the late incumbent or his estate is liable, and the late incumbent, his executors or administrators, shall have right of entry at reasonable hours, with his or their surveyor, upon the premises of the vacated benefice until such time as the question of the dilapidations has been finally settled.

30. The surveyor shall send a copy of the report to the new incumbent forthwith (or as soon as he shall have been instituted or admitted), and a copy also to the late incumbent, his executors or administrators. The surveyor shall certify to the bishop when and to whom and in what manner each copy was sent.

31. The report shall state what works, if any, are, in the opinion of the surveyor, needed, specifying the same in detail, and may state any special circumstances, and shall state what sum, in the opinion of the surveyor, will be required to make good the dilapidations.

32. The new incumbent and the late incumbent* his executors or administrators, may state in writing to the bishop objections to the report on any grounds of fact or law, and in such case the bishop may, if he shall think fit, at the expense of the party objecting, direct a second report to be made by some competent person, or take the opinion of counsel upon any question of law.

33. Such objections shall be transmitted to the bishop within one month after the sending of the copy of the report to the party by whom they are made, but the bishop may receive an objection transmitted at a later period if for any special reason he shall think fit to do so.

34. The bishop shall in uncontested cases, as soon as conveniently may be after the time for the transmission of objections has expired, and in contested cases after consideration of the whole matter, make an order stating the repairs and their cost for which the late incumbent, his executors or administrators, is or are liable.

35. The order shall be signed by the bishop in triplicate, and he shall send one copy to the new incumbent, another to the late incumbent, his executors or administrators, and the other to the registrar of the diocese, to be filed in the registry, and the registrar shall send a copy thereof to the governors.

36. The sum stated in the order as the cost of the repairs shall be a debt due from the late incumbent, his executors or administrators, to the new incumbent, and shall be recoverable as such at law or in equity.

37. The new incumbent shall, as and when he shall recover the said sum or any part thereof, forthwith pay the amount recovered to the governors; and if and whenever he shall

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 275

recover any further part of the said sum he shall in like money to the manner forthwith pay to the governors the further part so governorg# recovered

38. It shall be lawful at any time for the new incumbent The governor to borrow, and for the governors, if they shall think fit, upon

bis request and with the consent of the bishop and patron, to urrtyof 6 lend, upon the security of the possessions of the benefice, — the benefice.

(1.) The whole or any part which the governors shall not have received from the new incumbent of the sum stated in the order as the cost of the repairs; and (2.) Such sum as the governors shall think fit in respect of costs and expenses.

39. The amount received by the governors from the new The governors incumbent, together with the sum (if any) lent by them to t(? ke.eP him as aforesaid, shall be placed in their books to the credit account.^011 of aa account to be entitled " The Dilapidation Account of

AB., incumbent of and from the sum (if any) so lent by them they shall forthwith pay and discharge the costs and expenses of and incidental to the preparation and completion of the security.

40. The new incumbent shall, within six calendar months New incum-next after the date of the order (or within such extended J^eb^nce period as herein-after mentioned), pay to the governors, to be toetbe g0^gr. carried to the credit of the said account, such sum (if any) as, nors. together with the sums theretofore carried to the credit of the said account, will make up the sum stated in the order as the cost of the repairs.

4L The bishop, if from any special circumstances he think Extension of fit, may, upon the application of the new incumbent, enlarge tim, e withi" the period within which such incumbent is required to pay pj^entmnst such last-mentioned sum for any period not exceeding twelve be made, months from the date of the order, and may authorise the payment of such amount either in one sum or by instalments of such amounts and on such days (not being beyond the end of such twelve months) as the bishop shall determine.

42. The new incumbent shall cause the repairs specified in Repairs to the order to be executed within eighteen months after the executed date of the order, unless, with the consent of the patron and months!8 bishop, he shall decide upon rebuilding the premises in question, in which case the money standing to the credit of his dilapidation account in the books of the governors shall be applied towards the cost of the new building.

43. If the moneys payable under this Act to the governors Payment of by the new incumbent of any benefice shall not be paid by

such incumbent before the expiration of the time specified in Q^Anne's this Act for such payment to be made, the governors shall Bounty by new give notice thereof to the bishop, and it shall be lawful for ^c^cedTy the bishop to raise the amount thereof by sequestration of sequestration.7 the profits of the benefice.

Upon execution of works, money to be paid by governors on receipt of surveyor's certificate.

Execution of works if benefice under sequestration or on refusal of incumbent.

Final certificate of completion of works.

Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 34 & 35 Vict.

Execution of Works.

44. Where money is standing to the credit of the dilapidation account of an incumbent required by this Act to execute repairs, such repairs shall be paid for as follows; that is to say, when and as the surveyor shall certify that a specified sum ought to be paid to any person or persons in respect of such works, such certificate shall, when countersigned by the bishop, be delivered to the governors, who shall, on the receipt of such certificate, cause the amount therein specified to be paid to the person or persons named therein as entitled to receive the same out of the moneys standing to the credit of the said dilapidation account, and so, from time to time, until the whole of the repairs shall have been executed, or the moneys standing to the credit of the said account shall have been exhausted, and if any further moneys shall be required for the completion of such repairs the same shall be paid by the incumbent.

45. The repairs to be executed in the case of a benefice under sequestration, and the repairs to be executed in the case of the refusal or neglect of the incumbent to execute the same (including rebuilding or repairing in case of fire), shall be executed under the direction of the surveyor, who may employ any builders or contractors to execute the same according to a specification and contract to be prepared by such surveyor; and the builder or contractor executing such works shall be paid for the same as the works proceed, and the surveyor shall from time to time certify the sum to which the builder or contractor is entitled in respect thereof, which certificate shall, when countersigned by the bishop, be delivered to the governors, who shall, on receipt of the same, cause the amount therein specified to be paid to the person or persons named therein as entitled to receive the same ont of the moneys standing to the credit of the said dilapidation account, and so from time to time until the whole of the repairs shall have been executed, or the moneys standing to the credit of the said account shall have been exhausted; but neither the governors, the bishop, nor the patron shall incur any liability at law or in equity to any builder or contractor, or otherwise, under or by virtue of any such specification or contract, further than the obligation on the part of the governors to pay the moneys standing to such dilapidation account in manner aforesaid.

46. When the repairs shall have been finished, the surveyor, if the same shall be completed to his satisfaction, shall give a certificate of the same having been completed, which certificate shall be in triplicate, and one of the triplicates shall be delivered to the incumbent or the sequestrator, another registered in the registry of the diocese, and the third delivered to the governors, and such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the due execution of the prescribed works.

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 277

47. No further or subsequent report shall be made as to Protection to . the buildings belonging to the benefice, and specified in the from^rther

last-mentioned certificate (except at the request of the incum- liability for bent himself), before the end of five years from the filing of 5 years-the said certificate.

If such benefice shall become vacant within such period of five years, the incumbent or his representatives shall not be liable to any claim for dilapidations in respect of the buildings specified in the certificate, except for wilful waste.

The exemption from liability under this present section shall in no case apply to loss or damage by fire where the incumbent at the time of filing the certificate of the due execution of the works shall not have insured, to the satisfaction of the governors, the house of residence and buildings belonging to the benefice in some fit office against loss or damage by fire, in at least three fifths of the value thereof, and who shall not keep such house and buildings so insured during such period of five years or until the earlier avoidance of the benefice.

48. The charges of the surveyor for his inspections and Payment of reports and certificates made or given by him under the provisions of this Act, and also the fees of the bishop's secretary certificates, and registrar, shall, except as otherwise provided by this Act, be paid by the incumbent or by the sequestrator, and shall be a debt due from him or them to the surveyor, secretary, and registrar respectively, and recoverable as such in law and equity. The sum, if any, which shall have been advanced by the governors in respect of surveyor's charges shall be paid by them to the surveyor.

40. If an inspection shall have been made of any benefice Benefice be-under this Act, and the incumbent liable to execute the pre- coming vacant scribed repairs shall vacate such benefice before the surveyor shall have signed a certificate of the completion of the same, outgoing in-such incumbent, his executors or administrators, shall be liable cumbent or his to the payment of all moneys in respect of such repairs (not rePresentatnes-previously paid by him to the governors in respect thereof! and of the surveyors inspection, report, and certificate, which such incumbent would respectively have been liable to pay in case he had not vacated, which moneys shall be a debt due from such incumbent, his executors or administrators, to the next incumbent, and shall be recoverable as such at law or in equity; and such next incumbent, whether he shall recover the same or not, shall be liable to pay all such moneys in the same manner as his predecessor in such incumbency would have been liable to pay in case he had continued to be the incumbent of such benefice, and such next incumbent shall be allowed, with the consent of the patron and bishop, to borrow on the security of the profits of the benefice such sum as he shall fail so to recover towards meeting such payments as the governors may be willing and able by law to advance on loan for that purpose.

278 Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 34 & 35 Yxer.

Execution of 50. If the incumbent liable to execute repairs shall be workV>ther desirous of altering or remodelling the buildings belonging to

specified^ the benefice, or any of them, or of rebuilding the same or any

surveyor's of them, so as to render such repairs or any of them imprac-report. ticable or unnecessary, it shall be lawful for such incumbent,

with the consent of the bishop and patron, to execute the Special certi- proposed works in lieu of such repairs; and in such case the ficate of sur- surveyor shall, upon the completion of such works to his veyor# satisfaction, give a special certificate, certifying that the same

have been completed, which certificate shall be signed in triplicate, and one of such triplicates shall be delivered to the incumbent, and another to the bishop, who shall cause the same to be registered in the registry of the diocese, and another to the governors, and such certificate shall have the same effect as a certificate of the completion of the works specified in the order.

Where such 51. If such additional or substituted works shall not render additional the whole of such repairs impracticable or unnecessary, then renderlmprac- 80 muc^ of the money standing to the credit of the dilapida-ticaWe or tion account as the surveyor shall certify to be necessary for S^h^worL execu^on of the repairs not so rendered impracticable or specifiedin the unnecessary shall be retained by the governors, and shall report. be dealt with, as regards certificates and otherwise, in the same manner as if the repairs not so rendered impracticable or unnecessary had been the only repairs specified in the order.

Postponement of works may be allowed on payment of a sum to meet probable further dilapidations.

No sum recoverable for dilapidations except on a surveyor's report.

52. If an incumbent, after having paid to the governors the amount specified in the report, desire to defer the execution of the works specified in the report, or any of them, for a limited period, and the surveyor shall certify in writing that such postponement may be safely made, the bishop, with the consent of the patron, may authorise such postponement, and may require the incumbent to pay to the governors such a sum, annually or in gross, as shall be certified by the surveyor to be proper to meet any probable further dilapidations, and the moneys so paid shall be carried to the credit of his dilapidation account; and if the benefice shall be vacated during the period of postponement, the late incumbent, his executors or administrators, shall not be entitled to be repaid any part of such additional moneys, but he or they shall not be subject to any further claim for dilapidations, and in case of such vacancy the money paid by him to the governors shall be dealt with as if the succeeding incumbent, upon his succeeding to the benefice, had paid the same in respect of such repairs and dilapidations.

53. No sum shall be recoverable for dilapidations in respect of any benefice becoming vacant after the commencement of this Act, and to which this Act shall be applicable, unless the claim for such sum be founded on an order made under the provisions of this Act.

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 279

As to Insurance.

54. The incumbent of every benefice shall insure, and Insurance of

during his incumbency keep insured, the house of residence £e

and farm and other buildings for the time being standing on incumbent; the lands belonging to such benefice, and the outbuildings

and offices respectively belonging thereto, and also the chancel of the church when the incumbent is liable to repair the chancel, against loss or damage by fire, in some office or offices for insurance against loss or damage by fire, to be selected by such incumbent, to the satisfaction of the governors, in at least three fifths of the value thereof.

55. Every such insurance shall be effected in the joint Filing of names of the incumbent and the governors, and the incum- rece^3 bent shall cause the receipt for the premium for such insur- rrium? PrC" ance for each year to be exhibited at the first visitation of the bishop or archdeacon next ensuing after the same shall become payable; and the following questions shall be added to those annually sent to incumbents under the provisions of the Act of the session of the first and second years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, that is to say, "In what office and for what amount are the buildings of your benefice insured against fire ? " and " What was the amount and date of the last annual payment for such insurance ?99

56. In case any building belonging to any benefice, and Sums received insured in pursuance of this Act, shall be destroyed or damaged

by fire, and the office in which the same shall be insured shall struction of elect to pay the sum insured instead of causing the buildings buildings by to be reinstated at the expense of the office, the sum so paid in

shall be paid to the governors and dealt with in the same re^oring manner as moneys standing to the credit of a dilapidation them, &c. account.

57. If, when any building belonging to a benefice shall be Destruction destroyed or damaged by fire, such building shall not be insured

against loss or damage by fire for an amount sufficient to rein- costTf restate and make good the same, the surveyor shall give to the storing to be bishop a certificate in writing (in triplicate), signed by such Paid surveyor, specifying the sum which, in his opinion, shall be be required, in addition to the insurance money, if any, for rein- recoverable stating the buildings so destroyed or damaged, one of which ^que8tra" triplicates the bishop shall cause to be filed in the bishop's registry, another to be sent to the incumbent or the sequestrator (if any), and another to the governors, and the incumbent or the sequestrator (if any) shall have the same opportunity of making objections, and the bishop shall have the same power of consulting another surveyor or taking the opinion of counsel, as are provided in the sixteenth section with reference to the cases therein mentioned; and the incumbent of the benefice, if the same shall not be under sequestration, shall pay the amount so specified to the governors within three calendar months next after the date of such certificate; and if such

280

Providing for case of buildings of benefice when let on lease.

When exemption claimed lease or counterpart to be produced.

Remedy on death of incumbent

Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 34 & 35 Vict.

amount shall not be so paid, it shall be lawful for the bishop, at any time after the end of such three calendar months, to raise the same (or so much thereof as shall not be so paid) by sequestration of the profits of the benefice; and the amount so raised shall in like manner be paid to the governors, and the moneys so paid to the governors shall be dealt with in the same manner as moneys standing to the credit of a dilapidation account, and the incumbent shall cause the buildings so destroyed or damaged to be forthwith reinstated, and the cost thereof shall be paid as the works progress, out of the amount so paid to the governors, on certificates of a surveyor, in the manner herein-before specified in regard to repairs directed to be executed by a new incumbent; and if the incumbent shall refuse or neglect to reinstate such buildings, the same may, after the governors have received the necessary amount in manner aforesaid, be repaired and reinstated in manner herein provided in regard to repairs of buildings belonging to a benefice under sequestration.

In case the benefice shall be under sequestration the sum stated in the certificate of the surveyor shall be a charge upon the moneys from time to time received by the sequestrator in respect of the net profits or income of the benefice as mentioned in the twentieth section of this Act, and the provisions contained in the said twentieth section and in twenty-first Bection with respect to the payment of the profits of the benefice to the governors and the application of the money shall apply to this section as if the provisions therein had, mutatis mutandis, been repeated herein.

Miscellaneous.

58. The provisions contained in this Act in regard to buildings standing on the lands belonging to any benefice shall not be applicable to the buildings (if any) belonging to the benefice, which shall be comprised in any lease, for years or lives, for the time being subsisting, so long as such lease shall be subsisting, except so far as the lessee shall not, by virtue of such lease, be liable to insure, rebuild, or repair such buildings; but it shall be lawful for the surveyor to inspect the buildings comprised in any such lease.

59. Every incumbent or lessee alleging that any buildings belonging to a benefice are exempt from the provisions of this Act shall produce to the surveyor for his perusal the counterpart of the lease, or the lease, in respect of which such exemption is claimed, unless such counterpart shall already have been deposited in the bishops registry or with the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

60. Every sum of money by this Act raiseable by the bishop by sequestration during an incumbency shall be deemed a debt due from and payable by the incumbent; and if any money payable under this Act by an incumbent shall not be recovered by sequestration or otherwise during his incum-

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 281

bency, the liability of such incumbent thereto and of his representatives shall continue and be in no way affected; and in case of his death while he shall be incumbent, the same money, or so much thereof as shall remain due, shall be paid to the parties entitled under this Act to receive the same by his representatives out of his estate and effects.

61. All moneys which respectively would have been raiseable Moneys paid by the bishop by sequestration during an incumbency, and |^opby which shall be paid by a succeeding incumbent, or shall be incumtomt to recovered by sequestration during such succeeding incum- be a debt due bency, shall be a debt due from such prior incumbent or his ^umb^nt. estate to the incumbent by whom or out of whose income, derived from the benefice, the same shall be paid, and shall be recoverable as such at law or in equity.

02. A security made under the provisions of this Act may Form of be in the form contained in the first schedule hereto, or in 8ecnnty-such other form as the governors may approve, and the certificate of the treasurer to the governors of any sum having

been placed to the credit of the account mentioned in the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the fact of the said sum having been so placed, and the governors shall, as regards the recovery of the sums due upon the said security, have the same remedies against the incumbent and his successors, and against the property comprised in the security, as if the advance had been made for repairing or rebuilding under the provisions of the Acts contained in the second schedule hereto, and the receipt of the treasurer for the time being to the said governors shall be a discharge for all moneys paid to them in pursuance of the provisions of this Act.

03. Before the governors shall lend any money on the incumbent security of the possessions of the benefice under the provisions to furnish

of this Act they shall require the incumbent to furnish them ff

with a just and particular account in writing, signed by him the benefice, and verified by his oath or statutory declaration, of the annual profits of the living, and shall procure the consent in writing Patron ami of the bishop and patron under their respective hands, or, if ordinary to the patron shall be a corporation aggregate, under the common consent seal of such corporation. Such consent may be given in the form specified in that behalf in the Acts contained in the second schedule hereto, or in such other form as the governors may approve.

04. The provisions of the Acts contained in the second Provisions of schedule hereto, and of the Acts referring to or amending the Gilbert Acts same, with respect to the registration of mortgages and to the proportioning of payments in the case of death or avoidance,

and to stamps and fees of offices, and to the priority of sequestrations, shall apply to securities made under the authority of this Act as if the said provisions had, mutatis mutandis, been repeated herein.

65. All moneys standing to the credit of a dilapidation Moneys stand-account shall, in the meantime, and until such moneys be the

282 Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 34 & 35 Vier.

dilapidation account to be invested. Application of income. Payment of expenses.

Providing for death or change of surveyor during repairs.

Power of surveyor, &c. to enter and inspect, &c. at seasonable times.

Limitation, &c. of'actions.

required for the purposes of this Act, be invested by the governors in the manner in which they are authorised to invest other moneys held by them, and if any surplus shall remain of moneys standing to the credit of a dilapidation account after satisfying the requirements of this Act, such surplus shall be applied in discharge of any principal sum owing on the security of a mortgage made by the incumbent under the provisions of this Act, and if there shall be no such sum, or if the surplus be more than sufficient for the discharge of such sum, such surplus or further surplus shall be paid to the incumbent or to the sequestrators. The governors may retain, to meet the office expenses incurred by reason of this Act, a percentage of the sums paid to them under the provisions of this Act, to be regulated according to a table or scale to be prepared by the governors, and to be subject to the approval of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the governors may, with the like approval, from time to time alter, amend, add to, or reduce such table or scale; and every such table or scale, and every such alteration, amendment, addition, or reduction in, to, or of the same, shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before Parliament.

66. In case of the death, removal from office, or resignation of a surveyor after making an inspection and before granting his final certificate of the completion of the necessary repairs, the previous acts of such surveyor in regard to such inspection, including his report (if any), shall be adopted by the surveyor appointed to act in his place, who shall proceed in the matter of such inspection, report, and certificate in the same manner as if the inspection had originally been made by him.

67. It shall be lawful for any surveyor employed under this Act, his servants and workmen, for the purposes of this Act to enter into the buildings belonging to any benefice, and to inspect and examine the same, and also any works in progress under this Act, and, in the case of any benefice under sequestration, or of any repairs to be executed or buildings to be reinstated in consequence of the refusal or neglect of the incumbent, for all persons authorised by the surveyor to enter into the buildings belonging to such benefice, and to execute the works by this Act authorised, but no inspection shall be made under this Act except at seasonable times and within reasonable hours.

68. No proceedings shall be commenced against any surveyor or other person acting under the authority of this Act for any alleged irregularity or trespass, or other act or tiling done or omitted by him under this Act, unless notice in writing is given by the intending plaintiff or prosecutor to the intended defendant, one month at least before the commencement of the proceeding, nor unless the proceeding is commenced within three months next after the act or thing

1871. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. Ch. 43. 288

complained of is done or omitted, or, in case of a continuation of damage, within three months next after the doing of such damage has ceased. The plaintiff or prosecutor shall not succeed in any such proceeding, if tender of sufficient amends, including the reasonable costs of plaintiff or prosecutor, is made by the defendant before the commencement of the proceeding; and in case no tender has been made, the defendant may, by leave of the court in which the proceeding is taken, at any time pay into such court such sum of money as he may think fit, whereupon such proceeding and order shall be had and made in and by the court as may be had and made on the payment of money into court in an ordinary suit.

69. Every consent by or authority from a bishop under Form of this Act shall be in writing under his hand, and all notices, deUve^ letters, reports, and other documents by this Act directed to of notices, be sent, delivered, or otherwise notified or given to or left with any bishop, incumbent, officiating clergyman, or person, shall be deemed to have been duly sent, delivered, notified, given, or left respectively, if sent through the post in a prepaid letter, addressed, in the case of an incumbent or officiating minister, to the house of residence of the benefice, or if there shall be no such house of residence, then to one of the churchwardens at his usual place of residence, and in all other cases to the usual or last known place of residence in England of the party.

70. If an incumbent holding a benefice at the time of the Existing incommencement of this Act shall, prior thereto, (without due authority,) have caused any buildings belonging to such lapidations for benefice to be pulled down, and shall have substituted other substitution of buildings of equal or greater value, such incumbent shall (if

the bishop of the diocese consent) not be liable to dilapidations value, in respect of the buildings so pulled down, provided such substituted buildings shall have been insured pursuant to this Act; and no incumbent holding a benefice at the time of No existing the commencement of this Act shall be liable for dilapidations in respect of any buildings which shall have been pulled down lapifotions a"s by a preceding incumbent, unless the incumbent so holding to buildings such benefice shall have received or shall be entitled to recover PQUed do?m at law or in equity from the last preceding incumbent or his cmnbents^&c. estate the amount chargeable on account of such dilapidations, and in such case the liability of the existing incumbent shall be limited to the amount so received or recoverable at law or in equity.

71. Wherever it shall appear that any building belonging Removal of to or forming part of any house of residence is unnecessary,

it shall be lawful for the bishop, upon the application of the giebe°house, incumbent and with the consent in writing of the patron of the benefice, to authorise by a written instrument under his hand the removal of the said building; and the proceeds, if any, of such removal shall be applied to the improvement of

284 Ch. 43. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations. 34 & 35 Vict.

the benefice in such manner as the bishop of the diocese and the patron of the benefice may agree on.

Kot to affect 72. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to lessen or destroy any authority or power which, before the passing of this Act, any bishop or archdeacon or other ordinary possessed in respect of requiring the repairs of any ecclesiastical buildings to be executed.

Saving powers 73. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act, all Act^wified Powers and authorities contained in the Acts specified in insecond the second schedule hereto, and in any Act or Acts amending schedule. or referring to the same, shall be exerciseable either separately or concurrently with the powers of this Act.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Mortgage.

This indenture, made the day of, between

A.B., incumbent of the benefice of, in the county of

and diocese of, of the one part, and the

governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy of the other part. Whereas the said governors, pursuant to " The Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871," upon the request of the said A.B., and with the consent of the bishop and patron (testified by then- having signed [or sealed] the instrument of consent hereto annexed), have agreed to advance the sum of pounds upon the security

of the said benefice: Now this indenture witnesseth that the said A.B., in consideration of the sum of

pounds having been carried in the books of the said governors to the credit of an account entitled "The Dilapidation Account of A.B., incumbent of as evidenced by the certificate

hereupon endorsed and signed by the treasurer to the said governors, doth hereby grant unto the said governors all the glebe lands, tithes, rents, rentcharges, moduses, compositions for tithe, salaries, stipends, fees, gratuities, and other emoluments and profits whatsoever arising, coming, growing, renewing, or payable to the incumbent of the said benefice in respect thereof, with all and every their rights, privileges, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, To have, hold, receive, and take the said premises, with their appurtenances, unto the said governors from henceforth for and during the term of thirty-five years in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, and with such remedies and powers for obtaining and recovering the same, and every part thereof, to all intents and purposes, as the said incumbent or his successors could or mi^ht or ought to have held, enjoyed, received, and taken the same if these presents had not been made: And the said A.B. for himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, doth hereby covenant with the said governors that the said A.B., during the time he shall continue incumbent of the said benefice, shall and will well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto the said governors interest for the said sum of pounds, or

so much thereof as shall remain due, at the end of every year, to be computed from the day of the date of these presents, after the rate of pounds per centum per annum, by yearly payments,

1871. EccleauMtical DUapidations. Ch. 43, 44.

the first of the said payments to be made on the day of

next; and also shall and will, from and after the expiration of one year from the day of the date of these presents, in each and every year during such time as aforesaid, well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto the said governors one equal thirtieth part of the said principal sum of pounds,

the first of such payments to be made on the day of

18, and shall and will continue such respective

payments of the said interest, and on account of the said principal money, so long as he shall continue incumbent of the said benefice, or so long as during his incumbency anything shall remain due upon the security of these presents: Provided always, and these presents are upon this condition, that if the said A.B. and his successors shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid the said principal money and interest for the same, in manner and at the times aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of the said Act and of these presents, and also all costs and charges which shall have been occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, these presents and everything herein contained shall cease and be void: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for the said A J9. and his successors peaceably and quietly to hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy all and singular the said glebe lands, tithes, rents, rentcharges, moduses, composition for tithes, stipends, fees, gratuities, and other emoluments and profits whatsoever arising or to arise from or in respect of the said benefice, until default shall be made by him or them, respectively, in the payment of the interest and principal or some part thereof, at the times and in the manner aforesaid. In witness,

SECOND SCHEDULE.

17 Geo. 3. c. 53. 21 Geo. 3. c. 66. 7 Geo. 4. c. 66.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 23. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 69.

285

CHAP. 44.

An Act to enable Clergymen permanently incapacitated by illness to resign their Benefices with provision of Pensions.

[13th July 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Incumbents Resignation Act, 1871."

2. Except where otherwise controlled by the context, the Definition of following terms shall in this Act have the following meanings; terais-(namely,)

The term "benefice" shall comprehend all rectories with cure of souls, vicarages, new vicarages, perpetual curacies, donatives, endowed public chapels, parochial chapelries, and chapelries with or without districts annexed or belonging to them:

The term "bishop " shall, with reference to any benefice, mean the bishop or archbishop for the time being within

28$ Ch. 44. Benefices Resignation. 34 & 35 Vict.

whose diocese such benefice is locally situate, and during the vacancy of any episcopal see the term "bishop" shall mean the archbishop of the province in which such see is comprehended:

The term "patron " shall, with reference to any benefice, mean the person or persons or corporation who, in case such benefice were vacant, would be entitled to present thereto; but if the right to present to such benefice shall be vested in different persons or corporations, whether jointly or by way of alternate presentations, the term patron shall (unless the context requires otherwise) comprehend both or all such different persons or corporations in whom such right of joint or alternate presentations shall for the time being be vested; and as regards the patrons referred to in sections 126, 127, and 128 of the Act first and second Vict., chapter one hundred and six, the actions of or towards such patrons required by this Act shall be performed in the manner stated in such sections 126, 127, and 128, as if the said sections were here repeated and made applicable to the provisions of this Act.

limitation of 3# The provisions of this Act shall apply only to those parte Act* of Her Majesty's dominions called England and Wales and the

Channel Islands.

Exemption 4. The sum assigned as a pension to a retiring incumbent b°8i^S?^6 un(^er Act shall not be deemed a pension, sum of money, 12 Anne, st. 2.* or benefit within the meaning of the thirty-first Elizabeth, chapter six, or the twelfth Anne, statute two, chapter twelve, or any other Act.

5. On a representation being made to the bishop in the form contained in Schedule A to this Act, by the incumbent of any benefice, provided he has been the incumbent of such benefice for seven years continuously, that he desires, on the ground that he is incapacitated by permanent mental or bodily infirmity from the due performance of his duties, to retire from his benefice under the provisions of this Act, in that case it shall be lawful for the bishop, if he see fit, to cause a commission to be issued under his hand and seal, addressed to five persons, to be nominated as herein-after mentioned, authorising and requiring them to inquire into and report to him upon the truth of the ground alleged, and upon the expediency Commissioners of the resignation of the said incumbent; and it shall be to inquire and }awfu] for such Commissioners to inquire into and report upon repo all such matters in anywise affecting such resignation, or

connected therewith, as they may deem necessary; and the Commissioners shall make their return to the commission within three months from the issuing of the commission, or within such enlarged time as the bishop shall, by writing under his hand and seal, from time to time direct.

Who are to be g. One of the five Commissioners shall be the archdeacon Commissioners. Qf archdeaconry or the rural dean of a rural deanery of

c. 12., &c.

How the provisions of the Act are to be put into exercise.

1871. Benefices Resignation. Ch. 44. 287

the diocese wherein the benefice is situate, as the bishop may determine; one other of the Commissioners shall be an incumbent of the same diocese, nominated by the incumbent wishing to retire; one other of the Commissioners shall be an incumbent of the same diocese, nominated by the bishop; one other of the Commissioners shall be a magistrate being in the commission of the peace for the county wherein the benefice is situate, and a member of the Established Church of England, nominated by the person who has presided as chairman of the last preceding quarter sessions for the county or division of the county, or, if there be no such person, then by the lord lieutenant of the county; and the remaining Commissioner shall be nominated by the patron, or, in the case of alternate patronage, jointly by both or all of the patrons, or in case of difference by the patron entitled to the next presentation.

7. Notice of the intention to issue such commission shall Notice of

be delivered or sent by the bishop to the incumbent, patron, ^commis-

chairman of quarter sessions, or lord lieutenant of the county, gion.

as the case may be, and the churchwardens of any such

benefice respectively; and such commission shall not issue

until the expiration of one month from the delivery or sending

of such notices. The notice to the patron and chairman of

quarter sessions or lord lieutenant shall require such patron

and chairman or lord lieutenant respectively to nominate a

Commissioner by sending his name and address in writing to

the bishop within one month from the date of such notice;

and if such patron or chairman or lord lieutenant respectively shall omit to nominate a Commissioner within the time limited,

the bishop may nominate a Commissioner instead of such

patron, chairman, or lord lieutenant respectively; and when

and so soon as such commission shall be issued, notice of such commission shall be delivered or sent by the bishop to each

Commissioner and to the churchwardens of the benefice.

Service by prepaid letter shall be sufficient service of all notices and documents under this Act.

8. The Commissioners shall give seven days notice of their Commissioners firet meeting, affixed to the usual place of public notices in the "ay ermine church of the benefice. Three of the Commissioners shall con- on oa stitute a quorum, and the Commissioners at a meeting of them

duly constituted may examine on oath, if they see fit, the persons who are desirous or willing to be examined by them, touching any matter relating to the object of the Commissioners, and may administer the oaths necessary for that purpose, and the Commissioners shall in their return to the commission certify all such matters and things as shall appear to them material, together with their opinion as to the expediency or otherwise of the proposed resignation, and, if they or at the least any three of them deem the resignation expedient, shall specify the amount of pension which in their opinion ought to be allowed out of the revenues of the benefice to the

288

Limitation of pension.

Who to consent to deed of resignation.

Tension to be a charge on the benefice.

Annual value of benefice.

Patron to present to resigned benefice.

Ch. 44. Benefices Resignation. 34 & 35 Vict.

retiring incumbent; provided that in no case shall such pension exceed one third part of the annual value of the benefice resigned.

9. If the return to the commission shall certify the resignation to be expedient, and the patron shall in writing have consented or shall not within one calendar month thereafter in writing refuse his consent thereto, the bishop shall proceed as is herein-after provided; but if the patron shall so refuse his consent, the return to the commission shall be laid before the archbishop of the province, who shall, within one calendar month, give his decision in writing whether such resignation shall or shall not be accepted, which decision shall be final If the patron shall have declared his consent or have not refused it as aforesaid, or if the archbishop shall decide that the resignation shall be accepted, the bishop shall cause a declaration as in Schedule B. to be prepared, inserting therein the amount of pension so allowed out of the revenues of the benefice to the retiring incumbent, and the day, not being less than one month after the date of the declaration, when the incumbency shall be void and the pension shall commence, and the times of payment, not being oflener than twice a year, and shall sign the same in triplicate in the presence of one witness, and shall cause one copy thereof to -be delivered or sent prepaid by post to the patron of the benefice, and another copy thereof to be delivered or sent in like manner to the incumbent of the same, and the third copy to be filed in the registry of the diocese/and such declaration shall be the title deed of the retiring incumbent to the pension assigned therein to him; provided that no benefice shall at any time be subject to the payment of more than one pension.

10. The pension so allowed shall be a charge upon the revenues of the benefice, and shall be recoverable as a debt at law or in equity from the incumbent of the said benefice by the retired clerk, his executors, administrators, or assigns, but such pension shall not be transferable at law or in equity.

11. The annual value of a benefice for the purposes of this Act shall be the net annual value after deducting all rates, taxes, and charges assessed upon and payable out of the benefice, exclusive of the parsonage, vicarage, or other place of residence of the incumbent

12. After the filing of such declaration as aforesaid the benefice shall, ipso facto, be vacant on the day fixed in such declaration; and the patron thereof shall be entitled to present a clerk for the same as if it had been vacated by the death of the incumbent thereof, and the clerk who shall be collated, instituted, or licensed thereto shall be entitled to the revenues of the same, subject nevertheless to the payment to the retired clerk of such sum as may be allowed to him as pension; and such clerk shall have the same right and claim in respect of dilapidations as if the benefice had been vacated by the death of the incumbent thereof.

1871. Benefices Resignation. Ch. 44. 289 *

18. Every pensioned clerk shall remain amenable to eccljesi- Pensioned astic&l discipline, and be liable to suspension from or forfeiture of pension for offences which would have involved suspension discipline, ftom or forfeiture of the benefice had he remained incumbent' thereof, and proceedings under the Act three and four Victoria, chapter eighty-six, intituled "An Act for better enforcing " Church discipline/' may be taken against every offending pensioned clerk in the same manner as if he had remained incumbent of the benefice, and in the same manner in all respects as if the offence alleged to have beien committed had been committed within the said benefice: Provided always, that in case any offending pensioned clerk shall reside elsewhere than in England or Wales or the Channel Islands it shall be lawful for the bishop by a letter or summons under his hand, with the consent of the archbishop of the province, to be signified by his countersigning such letter or summons, addressed and sent prepaid by post to such pensioned clerk at his last known place of residence, to require such clerk to attend in England and appear to any proceedings which may be instituted against him for any such offence by him committed or alleged to have been committed, and to appoint a place in England where service of all subsequent process, articles, and documents may be made, and service of such process, articles, and documents at such place shall be sufficient; and if such pensioned clerk shall neglect to appear to such proceedings within three calendar months after such letter or summons shall have been sent to him as aforesaid, and to appoint such place for service, such proceedings may be prosecuted in his absence.

14* It shall in no case be lawful to assign the house of Parsonage residence of the incumbent as any part or the whole of the J10°U8et^°n^' pension for a retired clerk; but such house of residence shall i£cmnbentW belong to and be enjoyed by the incumbent of the benefice as if the benefice were free from all claim by a retired clerk.

15. The right of a retired clerk to the pension assigned to Pension to him shall cease upon the enrolment of any deed of relinquishment by the clerk under the thirty-third and thirty-fourth ^er certain Victoria, chapter ninety-one, or on and after the day on which circumstances, he is admitted to another benefice; end in the event of any retired clerk undertaking clerical duties elsewhere than within the benefice from which he retired, it shall be lawful for the incumbent of the benefice to bring the same to the notice of the .bishop, who shall cause inquiries to .be made into the facts, and upon his being satisfied that such retired clerk is or has been undertaking, such clerical duties and receiving a remuneration for the same, it shall be competent for such bishop to determine whether the pension payable to such retired clerk shall cease or be diminished in any and what proportion or for any and what period: Provided always, that such retired clerk may, within one month after a notice of the determination of the bishop shall have been sent to him

290

Ch. 44.

Benefices Resignation. 34 & 35 Vict.

Expenses of inquiry.

Costs incurred by registrar, &c.

Resignation by lunatic.

by post, appeal to the archbishop of the province, who stall confirm, annul, or vary the decision of the bishop as to such archbishop shall appear just and proper, and the cessation of or the alteration, if any, made in the pension shall be stated by endorsement on the declaration filed in the registry, and the title of the retired clerk to receive, and the liability of the existing incumbent to pay a pension out of the revenues of the benefice shall cease or be altered in accordance with such endorsement, and a copy of such endorsement signed by the bishop shall be delivered on application to the incumbent and patron of the benefice.

16. If a commission under this Act be issued on the representation of an incumbent, and the return thereto shall state that in the opinion of the Commissioners the ground for resignation of the incumbent is not proved, or the retirement of the incumbent is not expedient, then in such case all the expenses which shall have been incurred by or with the sanction or by the direction of the bishop in or towards carrying the provisions of this Act into execution shall be defrayed by the incumbent, and shall be recoverable from him by or for the bishop as debts in and by course of law. If the return to the commission issued on the aforesaid representation shall state that in the opinion of the Commissioners the retirement of the incumbent is expedient, then one moiety of the expenses incurred by or with the sanction or under the direction of the bishop in or towards carrying the provisions of this Act into execution shall be defrayed by the incumbent whose retirement is recommended, and the other moiety shall be a charge on the revenues of the benefice, and shall be recoverable as a debt at law or in equity from the incumbent thereof by or for the bishop.

17. The costs incurred by any secretary of a bishop and any registrar of a diocese in carrying into execution the provisions of this Act shall be fixed and regulated in accordance with and in the manner specified in the provisions of the 131st section of first and second Vict., chapter one hundred and six, as if the duties required of such secretary and registrar under this Act had been specified in the said recited Act.

18. The right of resignation and of doing any act leading to, connected with, or consequent on such resignation by this Act given to an incumbent, may, if the incumbent be a lunatic found such by inquisition, be exercised in his name and on h» behalf by the committee of his estate.

SCHEDULE A.

To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of

I, , being now and having been tot the

last seven years continuously rector, [vicar, or incumbent,] of

within your lordship's diocese hereby represent to your lordship, that I, finding myself incapacitated, by permanent

1871.

Benq/faa JResigiiation.

Ch. 44, 45.

491

mental or bodily infirmity, (as the ease map be,) from the due performance of the duties of my office, am desirous of resigning the aforesaid benefice, on being allowed to receive a pension out of the revenues of the same.

Accordingly, I respectfully request your lordship to issue a commission under the provisions of the Incumbents Resignation Act,

1871, to inquire and report, as provided by the said Act, upon the expediency of my proposed resignation.

As witness my hand, this day of In the

year of our Lord 18 .

(u&.)

SCHEDULE B.

Whereas on the day of, in the year of

our Lord 18, a commission was issued by us, the bishop of

under the provisions of the Incumbents Resignation Act,

1871, on the representation of the Rev., incumbent

of, within the diocese aforesaid, and in their return

thereto the Commissioners stated that in their opinion the resignation of the said was expedient, and that a pension

of pounds per annum out of the revenues of the said benefice should be allowed to the said Rev. on his retirement therefrom: And whereas the patron has consented or not refused his consent to such resignation, [or] the archbishop has determined that such resignation shall be accepted:

We, by divine permission bishop of,

do declare the said benefice void of the person of the said Rev.

to all intents and purposes of the law, on and after the day of, subject nevertheless

to the payment by half-yearly payments from the day of next, out of the revenues thereof, of the said yearly pension of pounds, the first of which half-yearly

payments shall be payable on, and future half-yearly

payments at periods of six months from such day, or such other sum as may hereafter be assigned under the provisions of the said Act unto the said for his life, or such less period as

hereafter may be assigned by law and endorsed hereon.

As witness our hand this day of in

the year 18 .

Witnesses to the signature of the bishop

CHAP. 45.

An Act for amending the Law relating to Sequestration of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

[13th July 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by u and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where, after the thirty-first day of August one thousand On se^oestra-eight hundred and seventy-one, under a judgment recovered against the incumbent of a benefice as defined in the Incum- ca^STand bents Resignation Act, 1871, or under the bankruptcy of such assign stipend, incumbent, a sequestration issues and the same remains in 88 defined

Bb 2

: as2

34 & 35 Vict C. 44.

Application of enactments in Schedule, Part I.

Payment of stipend.

Application of enactments in Schedule,

Part II.

Power for bishop to inhibit in certain cases.

Presentation to benefices suspended dming sequestration.

Ch, 45. Sequestration. 34?& 35 Vict 35 Vict.

force for a period of six months, the bishop of the diocese shall from and after the expiration of such period of six months, and as long as the sequestration remains in force, take order for the due performance of the services of the church of the benefice, and shall have power to appoint and license for this purpose such curate or curates, or additional curate or curates, as the case may require, with such stipend in each ease asthfe bishop thinks fit, the amount thereof to be specified in the license, and the bishop may at any time revoke any ttich appointment and license: Provided always, that such stipend or stipends shall not exceed in the whole the following sums; that is to say, if the population shall not exceed five hundred, the sum df two hundred pounds yearly; if the population shall exceed five hundred but not one thousand, the sum of three hundred pounds yearly; if the papulation shall exceed one thousand but not three thousand, the sum of five hundred pounds yearly; if the population shall exceed three thousand, the sum of six hundred pounds yearly: Provided also, that such stipend or stipends shall not exceed in the whole two thirds of the annual value of the benefice as defined in the last-mentioned Act.

2. Such of the provisions of the Act specified in the schedule to this Act as are described in Part I. of that schedule and all provisions of that Act relative thereto shall, have effect for purpose of this Act as if they were here re-enacted.

3. Every stipend assigned under this Act shall be paid by the sequestrator out of moneys coming to his hands under the sequestration, as long as the sequestration is in force, in priority to all sums payable by virtue of the judgment or the bank* ruptcy under which the sequestration issues, but not in priority of liabilities in respect of charges on the benefice.

4. Such of the provisions of the Act specified in the schedule to this Act as are described in Part II. of that schedule and all provisions of that Act relative thereto shall apply in every case where a curate is appointed, under this A.ct

5. In case any such sequestration remains in force for more than six months, the bishop, if it appears to him that scandal or inconvenience is likely to arise from the incumbent tinuing to perform the services of the church while the sequestration remains in force, may, from and after the expiration of such period, inhibit the incumbent from performing any services of the church Within the diocese as long as the sequestrum shall remain in force, and the bishop may at any time withdraw such inhibition.

6. During such time as atty sequestration remains in&roO,

the incumbent shall be absolutely disabled from presenting Or nominating to any betiefice then vacant, of which he may be patron in right of the benefice under' sequestration- and the right of presentation or nomination to Such vacant bintfee shall be exercised by the bishop of the diocese1 iri Whiehsuch vacant benefice is tec^ly situate.

1871. A ? Se^ueet^i^. Ch. 45, 46.

' 7. Daring the coatimiaiice of any sequestration it shall net be twrful for the incumbent of the benefice under sequestration to accept or be instituted or licensed to any other benefice or preferment, the acceptance of or institution or licensing to which would avoid or vacate the benefice so under seques-teation, unless with the consent in writing of the bishop of the diocese and the sequestrator.

& This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland, i 9. This Act may be cited as The Sequestration Act, 187 J.

THE SCHEDULE.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. — An Act to abridge the holding of benefices in plurality, and to make better provision for the residence of the clergy.

Enactments applied.

Section one hundred and seven.

Section one hundred and eight.

Section one hundred and nine.

Part I.

Provisions relating to bishops to apply to archbishops in their own dioceses.

Power of archbishops and bishops as to exempt or peculiar benefices, &c.

Where jurisdiction is given to bishop, &c. all concurrent jurisdiction to cease.

Section seventy-five.

Section seventy-six.

Section eighty-two. Section ninety-seven.

Section one hundred and two.

Part II.

Non-resident incumbents') . far, the , me

vr*?* was?£S

appoint.th<i P J dance of curates.

Curate to reside on benefices under certain circumstances.

Fee for license.

Curate not to quit curacy without three months notice to incumbent and bishop, under a penalty.

Licenses to curates and revocations thereof to be entered in the registry of the diocese.

CHAP. 46.

An Act for amending the Law relating to the appoint ment of the Gaoler, Chaplain, and Matron of the Prison of the City of Bath.

[18th July 1871.]

WHEREAS the city of Bath is a municipal borough sub-r ject to the provisions of the Municipal Corporation Act passed in the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign fif His late Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-six, and has a prison commonly called the Bath City Prison: And whereas by the Prison Act, 1865, the appointment of a-gaoler, chaplain, matron, and other officers of a prison within any borough subject to the said Municipal Corporation Act is vested in the justices of the borough in sessions assembled, and the officers so appointed hold their offices during the

Bb 3

293

Incumbent of sequestrated benefice not to accept other benefice but with leave.

[Short title.]

[Extent of Act.]

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126. S6. IQ, 14. 81.

294

[Short title.]

Appointment of gaoler, chaplain, and matron of Bath City Prison.

Ch. 46, 47. Bath City Prison. 34 & 35 Vict.

pleasure of the said justices, but it is by the said Act provided that nothing therein contained should affect any right j vested by Act of Parliament or charter in the council of any municipal borough of appointing a gaoler, chaplain, or other officer to the prison of such borough:

And whereas in pursuance of a charter granted by Queen Elizabeth in the thirty-second year of her reign, the council of the said city of Bath have exercised the right of appointing one of their number, under the title of bailiff, to be keeper of the said Bath City Prison, but the actual duties of the office of gaoler have been performed by an officer appointed by the said bailiff, and holding office during his pleasure:

And whereas doubts are entertained as to the legality of such appointment of a substitute by the said bailiff; and it is expedient that the power of direct appointment of the actual gaoler as well as of the chaplain and the matron of the said City Prison shall be vested in the council of the said city of Bath:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Bath City Prison Act, 1871."

2. From and after the passing of this Act, the appointment of the gaoler, chaplain, and matron of the said City Prison shall be vested in the council of the said city and borough of Bath; but every such gaoler, chaplain, and matron when appointed shall hold office during the pleasure of the justices oi the said borough in sessions assembled, and shall be subject to the provisions of the said Prison Act, 1865, in the same manner as if they had been appointed by the said justices: Provided that every appointment of such gaoler and matron heretofore made by such bailiff shall for all purposes whatever be deemed to have been valid.

CHAP. 47.

An Act for amending the Acts regulating the borrowing of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[13th July 1871]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short titles. 1. This Act may be cited as The Metropolitan Board of Act to be con- Works (Loans) Act, 1871, and shall be construed and bars effect as one Act with The Metropolitan Board of Works nameA*11 (Loans) Act, 1869, in this Act referred to as the principal

295

1871. Metropolitan Board of Works (Looms), Ch. 47.

Act; and the principal Act and The Metropolitan. Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1870, and this Act may be cited together as The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871.

2. In this Act " Main Drainage securities" means securities " Main

granted by the Board under the Main Drainage Acts before »>

5ie passing of the principal Act, and for the time being remaining undischarged.

3. Where from time to time the Board, by means of money Amended raised under the principal Act by creation of stock or otheiv proJ^8 wise, duly provide for the principal accruing due and payable

in any year in respect of Main Drainage securities, then and securities am in every such case, notwithstanding anything in section rate* twenty-two or in any other provision of the principal Act, the following consequences shall ensue:

(1.) It shall not be necessary for the Board, in or for any year in respect of which due provision is so made, to include in any estimate or precept for the consolidated rate, as a sum required for the purposes of the Main Drainage Acts, the amount of principal so provided for, or to raise the same by means of the consolidated rate:

(2.) Any amount of principal not so provided for in or for any year with the interest for the same year on the Main Drainage securities shall be charged on the consolidated rate in lieu of the amount which would have been raised by the levying of the Main Drainage rate for the same year, ascertained as directed in section twenty-two of the principal Act.

4. Nothing contained in and no act or omission under the Saying for authority of this Act shall affect the security or rights of any of persons or body corporate who before the passing of the securities, principal Act advanced money to the Board for the purposes of the Main Drainage Acts, or who, for the time being, hold iny Main Drainage securities, as long as such persons or body corporate have not been paid the principal and interest due in respect of such advances and securities, or made an arrangement for the conversion of such Securities under the principal Act

5- Nothing contained in and no Act or omission under the Saving for authority of this Act shall prejudice or affect the guarantee gu*ranteC' given by the Treasury for the payment of the principal and interest of any Main Drainage securities.

. 6. The Board shall from time to time, as long as any Main Continuance Drainage securities remain undischarged, ascertain the amount which would have been raised by the Main Drainage rate, charge on and also, whenever so required by the holders of such secu- subsequent ritiee, apply the hinds and moneys under the control of the year *

Board in such manner, and perform all such acts, and exercise all such powers, and if necessary levy the same rates and MBesEtoentfl, as they would have been required to do for the

296

Verbal amend* ment of principal Act. Power to substitute stock for securities paid off in certain cases.

Bepeyment of existing debt within sixty years.

Loans by Board to vestries and district boards.

Continuance of limit of borrowing

pOW6TB«

Closing of transfer books for dividend.

Gb. 47. Metropolitan Boecrd of W&tfo (Loam)* H4 & 35 Twt

benefit and security of the holders of such securities if tfaifl Act had not been passed; and any principal or interest <m account of Main Drainage securities due in respect of any year shall, if not otherwise raised and paid, be raisedas part of tie consolidated rate for the next following year. I

7. The word " or" in the first line of section thirty-fiwir of the principal Act shall be deemed to be omitted.

8. The Board may from time to time exercise the power conferred on them by section thirty-four of the principal Act* of creating consolidated stock for the purpose of the conversion of any such security as in that section mentioned, trf substituting consolidated stock for Main Drainage securitieq, or other such securities as in that section mentioned, although the securities for which stock is so substituted have JbOcn actually paid off before the creation of the stock substituted for the same otherwise than out of the Consolidated Loan* Fund.

9. All consolidated stock created before or after the passing of this Act for any of the purposes of section thirty-four of the principal Act shall, notwithstanding anything in the principal Act or this Act, be purchased or redeemed and cancelled within sixty years from the time of the first creation by the Board of any consolidated stock.

IQ. Any sum borrowed under The Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same, by a vestry or district board, for the purposes of any work which such vestry or district board are about to execute, or to which they .are about to contribute under those Acts, which appears to the Board and the Treasury to be a permanent work, may, with the consent of the Treasury and on such terms and conditions as the Treasury from time to time think fit, be borrowed from and be lent by the Board; and section thirty-seven of the principal Act shall apply to every such loan, with the substitution of the vestry or district board, and The Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same, for the managers and the Acts in section thirty-seven of the principal Act mentioned, and with the omission of the reference in that section to the Poor Law Board, and with the addition to the amount in that section mentioned.of the money from time to time borrowed under this section. ?

11. Nothing in this Act, except the provision respecting borrowing by vestries and district boards, shall affect tte limitation imposed on the borrowing power of the Board by section thirty-eight of the principal Act or any other enactment.

12. The books for the transfer of consolidated stock created by the Board may be closed on any day in the mouth next preceding that in which the dividends on that stock are payable, but so that the books be not at anytime so dosed jfer more than fifteen days; and the persons and bodies corporate who on the day of such doting are inscribed as hd&srs>e£

4

297

187L Metropolitan Board of Works (Looms). Ch. 47.

consolidated stock shall, as between them and their transferees of oonselidated stock, be entitled to the dividend - thereon booming payable next after that day; and this section shall have effect in lieu of section twelve of the principal Act

13. A trustee, executor, or other person empowered to Power for invest money in public stocks or funds or other government securities may, unlesB forbidden by the will or other instru- poistan stock, mut under which he acts, whether prior in date to this Act er not, invest the same in consolidated stock.

li Section three of The Married Women's Property Act, interest of 1870, shall, as regards the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, extend and apply to consolidated stock; and utan stock.* for that purpose this section shall be deemed part of that Act.

15. Any account required by the Main Drainage Acts to be Description opened in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and any account required by any other Act Englandofor or by the Treasury to be so opened for any purpose connected Main Drainage with the duties of the Board, shall, if the Treasury so direct, other p«r-be opened and kept under the official designations of the po#es* Permanent Secretary of Her Majesty's Treasury and the Chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works for the time btiiigr jointly; and on a vacancy in the office of either of those officers, the balance remaining to the credit of any such account shall vest in his successor in office jointly with dhe other, and during the vacancy shall riot be disposed of by fee other, and in case of a vacancy by death shall not con- tfHute assets of the deceased or be in any irianner subject t& the control of his legal representatives; and the Treasury shall from time to time direct in what manner any such account shall be drawn on, and what evidence Of the title of lay person to draw thereon shall be sufficient; and the (fcvemor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby indemnified in respect of anything done or permitted Under this section.

10. in section two hundred of The Metropolis Management Time for Act, 1855, (relating to the annual report of the Board,) ^B^a^port December shall be deemedto be substituted for June, and a copy of such report and the other documents therein mentioned shall; be sent to the Treasury, and the Board may, with the consent of the Treasury, alter from time to time the dates at which the various accounts are to be rendered and submitted for audit,

17. The Board may lend to the managers of the Metropolitan Extension of Asylum District, in addition to; the sum authorised by section thirty-seven of the principal Act to be lent, such further sum Board to as the managers may be authorised by the Poor Law Board, managers of in pursuance of the Acts mentioned in that section, to borrow let excepting in the whole one hundred thousand pounds; District, and section thirty-seven of the principal Act shall be con-rtroedasifsix hundred thousand pounds were therein substituted for five hundred thousand pounds.

of auditor of accounts of Board.

Ch. 47, 48. Metropolitan Board of Workt (Loans). 84 & 35 Vim

18. The auditor of the amounts of the Board required by section. one hundred and ninety-three of The Metropolis Management Act, 1855, to be appointed by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in April in every year shall, after the passing of this Act, be appointed by the Treasury instead of by such Secretary of State, and shall be appointed in such month as may seem to the Treasury most convenient; all enactments referring to the auditor appointed in pursuance of the said section shall be construed to refer to the auditor appointed in pursuance of that section as amended by this section.

CHAP. 4a

SI & 32 Vict 32 Vict.'J

c. 72.

Repeal of Acts.

An Act to repeal divers enactments relating to Oaths and Declarations *which are not in force; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS divers Acts and parts of Acts relating to oaths and declarations have been virtually repealed by divers recent Acts, and in particular by an Act of the session of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-two, intituled "An Act to render " it unnecessary to take and subscribe oert&in declarations " as a qualification for offices and employments, to indemnify u such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for office " and employment, and for other purposes relating thereto" and by The Promissory Oaths Act, 1868; and it is expedient, with a view to the revision of the statute law, and particularly to the preparation of the revised edition of the statutes now in progress, expressly to repeal the Acts and parts of Acts so virtually repealed, and other parts of the same Acts which have ceased to be in force:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Acts specified in the first parts of the first, second, and third schedules and in the fourth schedule to this Act are hereby wholly repealed, and the Acts specified in the second parts of the first, second, and third schedules to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of those parts of the said schedules mentioned; provided that, —

(X.) This repeal shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act, or any status, capacity, right, title, or indemnity existing, acquired, or accrued before the passing of this Act, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, or any privilege, exemption, or benefit to which any person would be entitled if this Act had not passed:

299

1871. Pirmissory Oaths. Ch. 48.

(2.) Where by the recited Acts or this Act any person is prevented or relieved from taking any oath or making or subscribing any declaration, the taking, making, or subscribing of which forms a condition pfrecedenl or subsequent to the attainment by such person of any office, privilege, exemption, or other benefit, or the due performance of any act, such person shall nevertheless, on complying with the other conditions, if any, attached to the attainment of such office, privilege, exemption, or other benefit, or the due performance of such act, be entitled thereto, and be deemed duly to have performed such act, in the same manner as if the condition relating to such oath or declaration, and any directions as to the certificate or registration of the taking of such oath, or making or subscribing such declaration, or otherwise, had been fulfilled and performed.

2, Whereas by The Promissory Oaths Act, 1868, it is Persons before provided that the oaths of allegiance and judicial oath should be taken by each of certain officers therein mentioned, in w e manner in which the oaths required to be taken by such officer previously to the passing of that Act would have been taken; and it is desirable, with a view to the revision of the statute law, to define the manner in which such oaths are to he taken: Be it enacted that each such officer shall take the said oaths before such persons as Her Majesty may from time to time appoint; or,

In England, before the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or in the Court of Chancery, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in open court before one or more of the judges of such court* or in open court at the general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, borough, or place in which the person taking the oaths acts as justice:

In Scotland, in the Court of Session in open court before one or more of the judges of that court, or in open court at the quarter sessions of the peace for the county, borough, or place in which the person taking the oaths acts as justice, or in open court before the court of the sheriff of the county for which the person taking the oaths acts as justice:

In Ireland, before the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or in the Court of Chancery, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in open court before one or more of the judges of such court, or at the quarter sessions of the peace for the county in which the person taking the oath acts as justice.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as u The Promissory Oaths Act, 1871."

300

Ch, 48.

Promissory Oaths.

34 & 35 Via

SCHEDULES.

Note. — A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Portions of Acts which have already been specifically repealed are included in the repeal in these schedules in order to preclude henceforth the necessity of looking back to previous Acts.

Portions of Acts not expressly repealed are sometimes excepted from repeal in these schedules although they may either wholly or in part have become obsolete or otherwise ceased to be in force.

SCHEDULE ONE.

Acts of the Parliaments of England, Great Britain, and United Kingdom.

Noth. — This schedule, so far as respects Acts prior to the reign of . George the First, refers to the edition prepared under the direction of the Record Commission, intituled "The Statutes of the Realm; printed by Command of His Majesty King George the Third, in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commoos " of Great Britain, from original Records and authentic Manuscripts.1 '

PART I.

Acts wholly repealed.

Session and Chapter.

Title of Act.

20 Edw. 3. (M -20 Edw. 3. (2) -

13 Cha. 2. stat. 2.

c. 1.

1 Will. & Mar.

c. 8.

3 Will. & Mar.

c. 2.

1 Ann. c. 26. (4)

6 Ann. c. 66.

8 Ann. c. 16.

10 Ann. c. 6.

Oath of the justices.

Oath of the clerks of the chancery.

An Act for the well governing and regulating of corporations.

An Act for the abrogating of the oathes of supremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oathes.

An Act for the abrogating the oath of supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other oaths.

An Act for the relief of the Protestant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland.

An Act for the better security of Her Majesty's Person and Government.

An Act for explaining Mid enlarging an Act of the sixth year of Her Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for the security of Her Majesty's Person and Government."

An Act for preserving the Protestant religion t>y better securing fee Church or England as by law established, and for confirming the toleration granted to Protestant dissenters by an Act .intytukd " An Act for exempting their Majesties' Protestant subjects dis- sen ting from the Church of England from the penalties of " certain Laws," and for supplying the defects thereof and for the further securing the Protestant succession by requiring the practice* of the law in North Britain to take the oaths and subscribe the declaration therein mentioned.

0) 18 Edw. 8. stat. 4. in the ordinary editions. (*) 18 Edw. 8. stat. 5. in the ordinary editions. (*) Bess. 1 in the ordinary editions. i4) Stat. 1. c. 82. in the ordinary editions.

(§) Chap. 14. in the ordinary editions.

() Chap. 2. in the ordinary editions.

1 Geo. 1. stat. 2.

t.13.

1 Geo. 1. stat. 2. o. 90#

I Geo. 1. stat. 2. c. 26.

8 Geo. 1. c. 6.

9 Geo. 2. c. 26. -19 Geo. 2. c. 39.

18 Geo. 3. c. 60. 43 Geo. 3. c. 30.

51 Geo. 3. c. 77. 67 Geo. 3. c. 92.

5 Geo. 4. c. 79.

5 Geo. 4. c. 109.

9 Geo. 4. c. 17.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 9.

1 & 2 Will. 4.

2H m 4.

c. 7.

An Act for the farther security of His Majesty's person and government and the succession of the Cr&wn in the heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and his open and secret abettors.

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for en-oouraging" and ends with the words "disaffected persons in Scotland."

An Act for continuing several laws therein mentioned relating to coals, hemp, and flax, Irish and Scotch linen, and the assize of bread, and for giving power to adjourn the quarter sessions for the county of Anglesea for the purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the people called Quakers such forms, of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under.

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for indemnifying/' and ends with the words M and lessees."

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for the more " effectual disarming " and ends with the words " to take the oaths " to His Majesty, nis heirs and successors, and to register the

An Act for relieving His Majesty's subjects professing the popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled "An Act for the further preventing the growth of popery."

An Act to entitle Roman Catholics taking add subscribing the declaration and oath contained in the Act of the thirty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to relieve," upon conditions and under restrictions, the persons therein " described from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists " or persons professing the popish religion are by law subject," to the benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for relieving His Majesty's subjects professing the popish religion from certain " penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth yean of the reign of King William " the Third, intituled 'An Act for the further preventing the " growth of popery.' "

An Act to amend the laws for regulating the election in Ireland of members to serve in Parliament.

An Act to regulate the administration of oaths in certain cases to officers in His Majesty's land and sea forces.

An Act to enable certain persons to receive and hold offices in the management, collection, and receipt of the revenue without taking or subscribing certain oaths and declarations.

An Act to enable the Earl Marshal and his deputy to execute the duties of their office or offices without previously taking or subscribing certain oQths or declarations.

An Act for repealing so much of sevesal Acts as imposes the necessity of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as a qualification for certain offices and employments.

An Act to repeal so much of certain Acts as requires certain oaths to be taken by members of the House of Commons before the Lord Steward or his deputies.

An Act the title of winch begins with the words " An Act to repeal " and ends with the words " to Protestants only."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the relief of " and ends with the words "taking the Sacramental Test."

Cc

2 & 3 Wffl. 4. c. 63.

5 & 6 Will 4* c. 28.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 5.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 15.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 28.

An Act to enable peers of Scotland to take and subscribe in Wand the oaths required for qualifying them to vote in any election of the peers of Scotland.

An Act for removing doubts as to the declaration to be made and oaths to be taken by persons appointed to the office of sheriff of any city or town being a county of itself.

An Act for the relief of Quakers, Moravians, and Separatists elected to municipal offices.

An Act for the further relief of Quakers, Moravians, and Separatists.

An Act to abolish the Roman Catholic "oath as a qualification for electors in Ireland.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 52.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 35.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 43.

21 & 22 Vict c. 48.

22 Vict. c. 10.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 22.

An Act for the relief of persons of the Jewish religion elected to municipal offices.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate certain proceedings in relation to " the election of representative peers in Scotland"

An Act to repeal certain disabilities under the first of George the First, chapter thirteen, and the sixth of George the Third, chapter fifty-three.

An Act to substitute one oath for the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, and for the relief of Her Majesty's subjects professing the Jewish religion.

An Act to settle the form of affirmation to be made in certain cases by Quakers and other persons by law permitted to make an affirmation instead of taking an oath.

An Act to make it unnecessary to make and subscribe certain declarations as a qualification for offices and employments, to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for office and employment, and for other purposes relating thereto.

PART II:

Acts partly repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

20 Edw. 3. Ordlnano6 for the justicea - Chapter one, from the words u and to the intent that our justices" to the end of that chapter, and chapter three.

12 Ric. 2. - Of the statute made at Cambridge in the twelfth year. Chapter two.

13 Ric. 2. stat. 1. Statute of the thirteenth year, statute the first. Chapter seven, from the words " and that the said justices " to the end of that chapter.

1 Eliz. c. 1. An Acte restoring to the Crowne thancyent jurisdiction over the state ecclesiastical and spuall, and Sections ten to thirteen.

abolyshing all fbrreine power re-pugnaunt to the same.

0 Sects. 20. to 26. in the ordinary editions.

j

27 Elia. c. 12.

An Act for the swearingeof under* sherifes and other under-officer* and mynisters.

14 (*) Cha. 2. c. 4.

1 Will & Mar.(5) c. 1.

1 Will. & Mar. (5) c. 18.

An Act for the uniformity of pub-lique prayers and administracon of Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies, and for establishing the form of making, ordaining, and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons in the Church of England.

An Act for removing and preventing all questions and disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of this present Par-lyament.

An Act for exempting their Majestyes' Protestant subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the penalties of certaine lawes.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 3.

An Act for regulateing of trials in cases of treason and misprision of treason.

1 Ann. stat. 2. c. 21. (u)

6 Ann. c. 11.

An Act for enlarging the time for taking the oath of abjuration, and also for reoapacitating and indemnifying such persons as have not taken the same by the time limited, and shall take the same by a time to be appointed; and for the further security of Her Majestie's person, and the succession of the Crown in the Protestant line; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors.

An Act for an union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland.

Section one (*) from the words "for and concerning the supremacie " to the words " other corporal othe," and so much of section three (') as relates to the oath of supremacy.

Section seven (4) t from the words " that it is not lawful down to the words commissionated by him nd."

The whole Act, except section one. (6)

The whole Act, except section five (7) and so much of section eight (*) as specifies the service and offices from which certain persons are exempt, and section fifteen (9).

Section ten, from the words " mentioned in an Act of Parliament " to end -of that section. (10)

The whole Act, except section three.

Section four (13), so far as it ratifies, approves, and confirms article twenty-two, from the words " and that when " kto the end of that article.

0 Sect. 2. in the ordinary editions.

(*) 18. and 14. in the ordinary editions. 0 Sess. 1. in the ordinary editions.

0 Sect 7. in the-ordinary editions.

(*) Sect. 18. in the ordinary editions.

(u) Chap. 17. in the ordinary editions. C1*) 5 Ann. c. 8. in the ordinary editions.

C2) Sect. 4. in the ordinary editions.

(4) Sect. 9. in the ordinary editions.

(6) Sect. 2. in the ordinary editions.

(8) Sect. 11. in the ordinary editions.

(10) This part of seot 10. forms part of sect 11. in the ordinary editions.

(u) Sect 10. in the ordinary editions.

Cc2

304

Ch. 48.

Promissory Oaths.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict.

6 Ann. c. 78.

10 Ann. c. 10. (2)

icij j, ' u .* y

10 Ann. c. 21. (3)

1 Geo. 1. stat. 2.

c. 6.

5 Geo. 1. c. 29.

11 Geo. 1. c. 18.

20 Geo. 2. c. 43.

21 Geo. 2. c. 34.

4 Geo. 3. c. 31.

Uluu, C1) Chap. 23.

An Act to make further provision for electing and summoning sixteen peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying peers for offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of voters in elections of members to serve in Parliament.

An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal communion in that part of Great Britain called Scotland in the exercise of their religious worship, and in the use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled "An Act " against irregular baptisms and " marriages."

An Act to restore the patrons to their ancient rights of presenting ministers to the churches vacant in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for making perpetual," and ends with the words " oath of abjuration."

An Act for making more effectual the laws appointing the oaths for security of the Government to be taken by ministers and preachers in churches and meeting houses in Scotland.

An Act for regulating elections within the city of London, and for preserving the peace, good order, and government of the said city.

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for taking " away" and ends with the words " for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete."

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to amend and enforce " and ends with the words "therein mentioned."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words " growing in forests and chases."

Section four.

h

Section three.

.990

Section six.

I

The whole Act, except section two.

The whole Act, except section eight down to the words " vacant church," and from the words "who is then or shall be " to the end of the section, and section nine.

Section two from the begin* ning of the section to the words " rejected and disallowed."

Sections twenty-three and forty-four, and so much of section twenty-nine as relates to the taking of oaths.

The whole Act, except section twenty.

* r.A nA I d.9.&.CsO

The whole Act, except section six so far as it relates to Scotland.

in the ordinary edition*. (?) Chap. 7. in the ordinary edmooa.

(3) Chap. 1$. in the ordinary editions.

Session and Chapter.

Title of Act

Extent of Eepeal.

6 Geo. 3. c. 53.

13 Geo. 3. c. 21.-

19 Geo. 3. c. 44.

31 Geo. 3. c. 32.

a3 Geo. 3. c. 63.

38 Geo. 3, c. 5.

An Act for altering the oath of abjuration and the assurance, and for amending so much of an Act of the seventh year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled "An Act for the im- prbvement of the Union of the " twb kingdoms/' as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason or misprision of treason.

An Act the title Of which begins with the words "An Act to extend the provisions of an Act'* and ends with the words " of such children."

An Act for the farther relief of Protestant dissenting ministers and cjchoolmasters.

An Act to relieve, upon conditions and under restrictions, the persons therein described from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists or persons professing the popish religion are by law subject.

An Act for granting relief to pastors, ministers, and lay persons of the Episcopal communion in Scotland.

An Act for granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year 1798.

The whole Act, except section three. '

Section three.

i

Section one from the words "if he scruple," down to the words "subscribed " by Protestant dissenting "ministers and, " and from the words and by an Act made in the tenth year," down to the words " sub* " scribe the declaration " therein mentioned," and so muoh of the rest of the Act as relates to the oath and declaration mentioned in the part hereby repealed.

Sections one to four, nine, and eighteen to twenty-two, and so much of the rest of the Act as relates to the taking and subscribing any oath.

The following words in section twb, "take and subscribe the oaths of allegiance, abjuration, and " assurance in such manner as all officers, civil " and military, in Scotland " are now by law obliged " to take and subscribe the " same, and shall also," and so much of sections three and four as relates to oaths *

Section forty-nine, from the words "the oaths appointed," down to the words "and likewise," and section one hundred and thirty-eight.

Cc 8

43 Geo. 3. c. 99. - An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same.

52 Geo. 3. c. 155. An Act to repeal certain Acts and amend other Acts relating to religious worship and assemblies, and persons teaching or preaching therein.

Geo. 4. c. 55. - An Act for giving further facilities to the proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, and for giving certain powers to justices of assize.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7- - An Act for the relief of His Majesty's Homan Catholic subjects.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 115.

3 & 4 Wffi. 4. c. 49.

5 & 6 Will 4. m C. 36.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 76.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 72.

An Act for the better securing the charitable donations and bequests of His Majesty's subjects in Great Britain professing the Roman Catholic religion.

An Act to allow Quakers and Moravians to make affirmation in all cases where an oath is or shall be required.

An Act to limit the time of taking the poll in boroughs at contested elections of members to serve in Parliament to one day.

An Act to provide for the regulation of municipal corporations in England and Wales.

An Act to provide for the appointment of lords justices in the case of the next successor to the Crown being out of the realm at the time of the demise of Her Majesty.

Section five and section ten down to the words "which oaths or affirmations."

So much as relates to any oaths, or to any declaration other than the declaration set forth in the part of 19 Geo. 3. c. 44. not repealed by this Act.

Section four.

The whole Act, except section two, down to the words w vote therein;" section five, down to the words " duly qualifiedsection eight, down to the words " duly qualified;" section nine; section ten, down to the words " as herein-afte excepted;" sections eleven to eighteen; section twenty-three, down to the words " His Majesty's other subjects;" section twenty-four, sections twenty - six to thirty-eight, and the schedule.

Section two.

Section two.

Section six.

Section fifty, from the words "Provided always," to the end of that section.

Section seven, from the words " the oaths of allegiance and supremacy " down to the words " treason and also," and from the words "and shall also make and subscribe " to the words " offices and employments."

Promissory Oaths.

Ch. 48.

307

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 33. An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and forty, and for the relief of clerks to attornies and solicitors in certain cases. The whole Act, except section nine.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. An Act for the regulation of municipal corporations in Ireland. Section eighty-five, from the words "Provided always" to the end of that section.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 77. An Act to amend the law relating to probates and letters of administration in England. Section seven.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 49. An Act to provide for the relief of Her Majesty's subjects professing the Jewish religion. Sections one, two, and three.

30 & 31 Vict. An Act to remove certain religious Part of section one, from the

c. 75. disabilities affecting some of Her Majesty's subjects, and to amend the law relating to oaths of office. words " oath herein-after substituted" down to the words "also any other," and sections five to seven.

SCHEDULE TWO.

Acts of the Parliament of Scotland.

PART I.

Acts wholly repealed.

Note. — This schedule, so far as respects Acts before the Union, refers to the edition of Statutes prepared under the direction of the Record Commission, intituled " The " Acts of the Parliaments of Scotland; printed by Command of His Majesty King George the Third, in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commons of " Great Britain."

Year or Session, and Chapter. Title of Act.

1661 (Jan. 1), c. 1. (*) 1661 (Feb. 27), c- 62. H 1689 (Mar. 19), 1690 '(May 12), c. 4. (») 1690 (June 7), c. 9.« 1693 (May 19), c. 14. (') Act constituting the Chancellour President in all time comeing And for takeing the oath of Parliament. Act anent the oath of alledgeance and acknowledgment of his Maties Prerogative by all publict Ministers. An order anent an oath to be taken by persones in military imployments. Act appointing the oath of allegeance to be taken by electors of commissioners to parliaments or conventions. Act ordaineing the commissioners of supply and their collectors and clerkes to take the oath of allegeance. Act for takeing the oath of allegiance and assurance.

0) Cha. 2. ParL 1. sew. 1. c. 1. in Murray's edition.

(2) Cha. 2. Pari. 1. sess. 1. c. 11. in Murray's edition.

(*) Will. & Mar. Pari. 1. sess. 2. c. 4. in Murray's edition. (4) Will. & Mar. Pari. 1. sess. 2. c. 7. in Murray's edition. (*) 1693 (May 23), c. 6. in Murray's edition.

PART II.

Acts partly repealed.

Year or Session and Chapter. Title of Act Extent of Repeal

161" (June 28), Act 8. Anent the Justices for keiping of the kiogis M: peace and thair constables. Section one.

1661 (July 9), c. 338. Commission and instructions to the justices of peace and constables. From the words " the justices " of peace at thair first " sitting" to le words " so help me God."

1689 (June 17), . c. 2. 0 Act recognising their Majesties Royall authorise and for taking the oath of alledgeaitce. From the words " and farder " their Mmesties with ad* " vyoe and consent for* " said doe statute and " ordaine that the oath of " alledgiance" to the words " so iieip irie God."

SCHEDULE THREE.

Acts of the Parliament of Ireland.

PART L

Acts wholly repealed.

Session and Chapter .;

Title of Act.

8 Anne, c. 3.

6 Geo. 1. c. 9.

1 Geo. 2. c. 2.

1 Geo. 2. c. 20.

19 Geo. 2. c. 18.

13 & 14 Geo. 3.

c. 35.

21 & 22 Geo. 3.

c. 26.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. 57 *

An Act for explaining and amending an Act intituled An Act to " prevent the further growth of Popery."

An Act for quieting and discharging all persons in offices or employments from the penalties they may have incurred by not qualifying themselves pursuant to an Act to prevent the further growth of Popery; and for limiting the time for prosecutions on the said Act.

An Act for allowing further time to persons in offices to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled An Act to prevent the u further growth of Poperr."

An Act for regulating the admissions of barristers-at-law, six clerks, and attorneys, and of other persons, into offices and employments, and for preventing Papists practising as solicitors, and further strengthening the Protestant interest in this kingdom.

An Act for accepting the solemn affirmation or declaration of the people called Quakers instead of an oath in the usual form.

An Act to enable His Majesty's subjects, of whatever persuasion, to testify their allegiance to him.

An Act for rendering the manner of conforming from the Popish to the Protestant religion more easy and expeditious.

An Act for the relief of His Majesty's Protestant Dissenting Subjects called Seceders.

(') Will. & Mar. Pari. 1. sess. 1. c. 2. in Murray's edition.

PART II.

Acts partly repealed.

2 Elia. c. 1.

2 Anne, c. 6.

46eo. l. c. 9.

6 Geo. l. c. 6.

7 Geo. 2. o. 6.

17 & 18 Geo. 3. c. 49.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. 24.

21 & 22 Geo. 3.

C. 48 *

21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. 62.

33 Geo. 3. c. 21.

An Act restoring to the Grown the ancient jurisdiction over the state Ecclesiastical and Spirituall, and abolishing all Fomine Power repugnant to the same.

An Act to prevent the further growth of Popeir.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several Statutes made in this Kingdom heretofore temporary.

An Act for exempting the Protestant Dissenters of this kingdom from certain penalties to which they are now subject.

An Act for the amendment of the law in relation to Popish solicitors, and for remedying other mischiefs in relation to the practitioner! in the several courts of

Sections seven to eleven, both inclusive.

The whole Act, except section twenty-five.

Sections one, two, three, and four.

The whole Act, except sections four, five, six, seven, eight, and fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen.

Section two, from the words " and every person " to the words " particularly mentioned; '* and sections four and sixteen.

law and equity.

a51 An Act for the relief of His Majesty's subjects of' this kingdom professing the Popish religion.

An Act for the further relief of His Majesty's sutjeete of-thk kingdom professing the Popish religion.

An Act for extending certain of the provisions contained in an Act intituled "An Act confirming all " the statutes made in England.*' An Act to allow persons professing the Popish religion to teach such in this kingdom, and for regulating the education of Papists; and also to repeal parts of certain laws relative to the guardianship of their children.

An Act for the relief of Her Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic subjects m Ireland.

The Words following in section one, "subject to the " proviso herein-aftercon- tained as to the taking " and subscribing the oath -. " and declaration therein " mentioned and sections three and four.

The whole Act, except seo tions twelve, thirteen, and fourteen.

Section three, from the words "and also .such clauses" down to the words "for omitting the same." Section two, and section five, from the words " who " shall have taken " down to the wofda " exceptr an ecclesiastick."

Section six, from the words "who shall have at the sessions " , down to the words " their allegiance to himsection seven, from the words " provided that every such person" down to the words " so help me God; *'section nine; section thirteen, from, the words " save the oaths " down to the words " the contrary notwithstanding;" and sections fifteen and sixteen.

SCHEDULE FOUR. Annual Indemnity Acts. Acta wholly repealed.

Session and Chapter.

Title of Act

11 Geo. S, o. 18.

13 Geo. 3. c. 12.

14 Geo. 3. c. 47.

15 Geo. 3. c. 17.

16 Geo. 3. c. 50.

17 Geo. 3. c. 37.

18 Geo. 3. c. 39.

19 Geo. 3. c. 47.

20 Geo. 3. c. 47.

21 Geo. 3. c. 25.

22 Geo. 3. c. 65.

23 Geo. 3. c. 30.

24 Geo. 3. c. 68.

25 Geo. 3. c. 82.

26 Geo. 3. c. 98.

27 Geo. 3. c. 40.

28 Geo. 3. c. 22.

29 Geo. 3. c. 40.

30 Geo. 3. c. 12.

31 Geo. 3. c. 8.

32 Geo. 3. c. 27. .'13 Geo. 3. c. 12.

34 Geo. 3. c. 12.

35 Geo. 3. c. 50.

36 Geo. 3. c. 5?.

37 Geo. 3. c. 11.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for those purposes."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "apprentices and servants."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "proceedings valid."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "attornies and solicitors."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "apprentices or servants."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "apprentices or servants."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "for that purpose."

38 Geo. 3. c. 14 *

39 Geo. 3. <5.17 *

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 19.

41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) c. 31.

42 Geo. 3. c. 23.

43 Geo. 3. c* 6.

44 Geo. 3. c. 7.

45 Geo. 3* c. 6.-

46 Geo. 3. c. 7.

47 Geo. 3. sees* 1.

c. 5.

47 Geo. 3. seas. 2. c. 35.

48 Geo. 3. c. 40.

49 Geo. 3. c. 15.

50 Geo. 3. c. 4.

51 Geo. 3. c. 98.

52 Geo. 3. c. 26.

54 Geo. 3. c. 5.

55 Geo. 3. o.l7.

56 Geo 3. c. 33.

57 Geo. 3. c. 14.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "until September first, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "until the first day of September one thousand Seven hundred and ninety-nine."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and two."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and three."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and four."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and five."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and six."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and seven."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and eight."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and nine."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and ten."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and eleven."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the next session of Parliament."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and thirteen."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and fifteen."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and sixteen."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and seventeen."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the first day of Hilary Term oni thousand eight hundred and eighteen."

58 Geo. 3. c. 5.

59 Geo. 3. c. 11.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 10.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 5.

3 Geo. 4. c. 12.

4 Geo. 4. c. 1.

5 Geo. 4. c. 6.

6 Geo. 4. c. 3.

7 Geo. 4. c. 3.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 13.

9 Geo. 4. o. 6.

10 Geo. 4. c. 12.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 9.

1 Will. 4. c. 26.

2 Will. 4. c. 24.-3&4 Will.4. c. 7.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 9.

5 & 6 Will. 4.o. 11.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 7.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 12.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "their annual certificates."

An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively.

An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively.

An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words " one thousand eight hundred and thirty."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "annual certificates."

An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as hare omitted to aualify themselves for offices and employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively until the 25th dav of March 1838, and for the relief to clerks to attorneys and solicitors in certain cases.

i & 2 Vict. c. 16. 3 & 4 Vict c. 16.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "in certain cases."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "in certain cases."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 11.,

5 & 6 Vict. c. 10.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 9.-

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "in certain cases."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "in certain cases."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words " in certain oases."

7 & 8 Vict. c. 10.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 24.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 13. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 18.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 19.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 9.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 12.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 10.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 4.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 14.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 39.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 49.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 73.

20 Vict. c. 7.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 54.

22 Vict. c. 15.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 40.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 77. 26 & 26 Vict. c. 60.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 107.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 49.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 97.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 116.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 88.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and forty-five."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and forty-six."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and forty-nine."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and fifty."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the woras " An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify," and ends with the words "purposes respectively."

Ch. 49. Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

CHAP. 49.

An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870.

[13th July 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871," and the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, and this Act, may be cited together for all purposes as "The Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Acts, 1870 and 1871"

2. This Act and the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, so far as the same is not inconsistent with this Act, shall be construed together as one Act.

3. Where the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters directs an issue, it shall be lawful for the said Court to direct such issue to be tried in any court of common law, and either before a judge of assize in any county, or at the sittings for the trial of causes in Dublin, and either by a special or common jury, in like manner as is now done by the Court of Probate.

Appeal against 4. Any person considering himself aggrieved by any decree ofewl^astkS or or(^er primary ecclesiastical court of competent

court or judge, jurisdiction made after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy and before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, in any cause or matter matrimonial, or within six weeks after the said first day of January by any judge of any such court as aforesaid, under the provisions of the fifth section of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, may appeal therefrom to the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and thence to the House of Lords, as if the same were a decree or order of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters.

Enforcement 5. All decrees and orders made by the Court for Matri-of orders and m0nial Causes and Matters, in any suit, proceeding, or petition decrees. under the authority of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, or of this Act, or which the said Court under the provisions of the aforesaid Acts has power to enforce, shall be enforced and put in execution in the same or the like manner as the judgments, j orders, and decrees of the High Court of Chancery may be now enforced and put in execution.

814

[Short title.]

Construction of Act.

Court may direct issues to try any fact.

1871. Marriage I*m (Ireland) Amendment Ch. 49. 818

6. The Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters shall Powers of have the like powers, jurisdiction, and authority for enforcing the attendance of persona required by it, and for punishing nessesto

Cns failing, neglecting, or refusing to produce deeds, evi- attend, &c.

s> or writings, or refusing to appear or to be sworn, or make affirmation or declaration, or to give evidence, or guilty of contempt, and generally for enforcing all orders, decrees, and judgments made or given by the court, and otherwise in relation to the matters to be inquired into and done by or under the orders of the court, as are by law vested in the Court of Chancery for such purposes in relation to any suit or matter depending in such court.

7. The judge of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Judge to have Matters shall have and may exercise over proctors, solicitors, control^v^ and attorneys practising in the said court the like authority proctors, &c. and control as is now exercised by the judges of any court of equity or of common law over persons practising therein as proctors, solicitors, or attorneys.

8. The rules of evidence observed in the superior courts of Rules of evi-common law shall be applicable to and observed in the trial dence* of all questions of fact in the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters.

9. The practice of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Practice of Matters shall, except where otherwise provided by the Matri- court momaJ Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act,

1870, or this Act, or by the rules or regulations made or to be from time to time made under the said Act or this Act, be, so for as the circumstances of the case will admit, according to the present practice of the Court of Probate.

10. The judge of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Court may Matters may make, and when made may add to, rescind, amend, or alter, rules and regulations with respect to the procedure, procedure and practice in matrimonial causes and matters, including rules for enabling persons to sue in the said court in forma pauperis, and also with respect to the scale of costs and fees to be charged upon proceedings in the said court, subject to the sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury as to the amount of fees to be charged, and may rescind, amend, or alter any existing rules of the said court; such rules and regulations shall be published and laid before both Houses of Parliament as provided by the " Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law Amendment Act, 1870."

Any rules and regulations, and every addition, alteration, or amendment to, in, or of the same, made in pursuance of this section, shall be deemed to be within the powers conferred by this Act, and shall be of the same force as if enacted in this Act.

11. The judge of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Power to Matters may, under the seal of the said court, from time to ^Sonew'to

316

administer

oaths.

Registrars,

&c. to have power to administer oaths.

Commissioners may be appointed in the Isle of Man, &c.

Power to make affirmations or declarations.

Penalty on forging or counterfeiting seals, &c. of officers.

Ch. 49. Marriage Lem (Ireland) Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

time appoint persons to administer oaths, and to take declarations or affirmations, and perform such other duties with reference to matrimonial causes and matters as may be assigned to them from time to time by rules and regulations to be made by the judge of the said court, in pursuance of the provisions of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Acts, 1870 and 1871, and the persons so appointed shall be styled " Commissioners of Her Majesty^ Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters."

12. The registrars and officers of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters, and the commissioners for taking oaths in the High Court of Chancery, and all persons now or hereafter authorised to administer oaths under the Probates and Letters of Administration Act (Ireland), 1857, and the Court of Probate Act (Ireland), 1859, shall respectively have full power to administer oaths, and to take declarations or affirmations in proceedings of the said Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters.

13. It shall be lawful for the judge of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters to appoint, by commission under the seal of the said court, any persons practising as solicitors in the Isle of Man, in the Channel Islands, or any of them, and also such persons resident in England, Wales, and Scotland as he shall think fit, to administer oaths, and to take declarations or affirmations, and to exercise any other powers which can be exercised by commissioners of the said court, and such persons shall be entitled from time to time to charge and take such fees as any other persons performing the same duties in the said court may charge and take.

14. Any party required to be examined, or any person required or desiring to make an affidavit or deposition, under or for the purposes of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Acts, 1870 and 1871, shall be permitted to make his solemn affirmation or declaration, instead of being sworn, under the circumstances and in the manner under and in which a person called as a witness so desiring to make an affidavit or deposition in any of the superior courts would now be permitted to do so.

15. If any person forge the signature of any commissioner of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters, or of any registrar or officer of the said court, or of any commissioner of the High Court of Chancery, or of any person acting under the authority of this Act, or forge or counterfeit any seal of the said Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters, or knowingly use or concur in using any such forged or counterfeit signature or seal, or tender in evidence any document with a false or counterfeit signature of such commissioner, registrar, or other officer of the said court, or of any such commissioner of the High Court of Chancery, qj such other person, or use a

317

false or counterfeit seal, knowing the same signature or seal to be false or counterfeit, every such person shall be guilty of felony, and shall upon conviction be liable to penal servitude for the term of his life, or any term not less than seven years, or to imprisonment for any term not exceeding three years, with or without hard labour.

16. In cases where it is necessary to obtain affidavits, declarations, or affirmations to be used in the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters from persons residing in foreign parts or out of Her Majesty's dominions, the same may be sworn, declared, or affirmed before the persons empowered to administer oaths under the Act of the sixth of George the Fourth, chapter eighty-seven, or under the Act of the eighteenth and nineteenth of Victoria, chapter forty-two; provided that in places where there are no such persons as are mentioned in the said Acts such affidavits, declarations, ot affirmations may be made, declared, and affirmed before any foreign local magistrate or other person having authority to administer an oath.

17. Affidavits, declarations, and affirmations to be used in the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters may be sworn and taken in the Isle of Man, the Channel Islands, or any colony, island, plantation, or place out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland under the dominion of Her Majesty, before any court, judge, notary public, or person lawfully authorised to administer oaths in such country, colony, island, plantation, or place respectively, or, so far as relates to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands, before any commissary, ecclesiastical judge, or surrogate who at the time of the passing of this Act is authorised to administer oaths in the Isle of Man or in the Channel Islands respectively; and all registrars and other officers of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters shall take judicial notice of the seal or signature, as the case may be, of any such court, judge, notary public, or person, which shall be attached, suspended, or subscribed to any such affidavit, declaration, or affirmation, or to any other document.

18. If any person shall forge any such seal or signature as last aforesaid, or any seal or signature impressed, affixed, or subscribed under the provisions of the said Act of the sixth of George the Fourth, or of the said Act of the eighteenth and nineteenth of Victoria, to any affidavit, declaration, or affirmation to be used in the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters, or shall tender in evidence any such document as aforesaid with a false or counterfeit seal or signature thereto, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, he shall be guilty of felony, and shall upon conviction be liable to penal servitude for the term of his life, or for any term not less than seven years, or to be imprisoned, with or without

Affidavits, before whom to be sworn when partie > making them reside in foreign part*.

Affidavits, before whom to be sworn in British possessions.

Persons forging seal or signature guilty of felony.

318

Perjury.

Power to Chief or Under Secretary to order all letters patent, records, &c. to be transmitted from all ecclesiastical courts.

Ch. 49. Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment 34 & 35 Vici.

hard labour, for any term not exceeding three years nor lew than one year; and whenever any such document has bees admitted in evidence by virtue of this Act, the court or the person who has admitted the same may, at the request of any party against whom the same is so admitted in evidence, direct that the same shall be impounded, and be kept in the custody of some officer of the court or other proper person, for such period and subject to such conditions as to the said court or person shall seem meet; and every person charged with committing any felony under this Act may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and if convicted sentenced, and his offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in the county, district, or place in which he may be apprehended or be in custody; and every accessory before or after the fact to any such offence may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and if convicted sentenced, and his offence laid and charged to have been committed, in any county, district, or place in which the principal offender may be tried.

19. Any person who shall wilfully give false evidence, or who shall wilfully swear, affirm, or declare falsely in any affidavit or deposition before any commissioner of the Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters, or before any registrar or officer of the said court, or any commissioner of the High Court of Chancery, or any other person acting under the authority of this Act, or before any commissary, ecclesiastical judge, or surrogate who, at the time of the passing of this Act, is authorised to administer oaths in the Isle of Man, or in any of the Channel Islands, or before any person authorised to administer oaths under this Act, shall be liable to the penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

20. The Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may order every person who before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one was judge, registrar, or other officer of any ecclesiastical court in Ireland, or any other person having the custody or possession of or control over any letters patent, records, deeds, processes, acts, proceedings, books, documents, or other instruments or papers relating to marriages or to any matters or causes matrimonial, to transmit the same to the principal registry of the said Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters, at such times and in such manner and under such regulations as the said Chief or Under Secretary may appoint; and if any such person shall wilfully disobey such order, he shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recoverable, at the suit of Her Majesty's Attorney General, as a debt under this Act, in any of the superior courts at Dublin, and for the second and subsequent offences the judge of the said Court for Matrimonial Causes and Matters may commit the person so offending to prison for any period not exceeding

819

1871. Marriage Lem (Ireland) Amendment. Ch. 49.

three calendar months, provided that the warrant of committal be countersigned by the Chief Secretary.

2L Section 87 of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Amendment of Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, shall be construed as if the words " the President or Head of the Methodist or Wesleyan Church " were omitted from the said section, and the words u the Secretary of the Conference of the Methodist or Wesleyan Church in Ireland " were inserted instead thereof in the said section.

22. In all cases of marriages which may be legally solem- A certificate nized under the authority of a special license granted in pur- £ case^of1 suance of the provisions of the Matrimonial Causes and marriage* by Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, the parties special license, about to contract any such marriage shall produce to the clergyman or minister celebrating the marriage, or, in case

the parties are members of the Society of Friends, to the registering officer of the said Society of Friends for the district in which the same is intended to be solemnized, a certificate according to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, or to the like effect, which certificate shall be procured by the parties contracting the marriage, previous to its solemnization, from the registrar of the district within which such marriage is intended to be solemnized, who shall be bound to fill up the said form, and which certificate shall be signed by the parties contracting the marriage and by the witnesses present thereat, not being less than two, and also by the said clergyman, minister, or registering officer; and the parties contracting the marriage shall within three days thereafter either deliver or send by post such certificate to the Registrar General of Marriages; and the husband shall, in case of failure so to deliver or send such certificate, be liable in a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered in manner provided by the Registration of Marriage (Ireland) Act, 1863, for the recovery of penalties.

23. Every registrar, on receipt of any such certificate, shall Particulars of forthwith enter the particulars thereof in the register book: bceirtmriin Provided always, that if any error shall be discovered to have register books, been committed in the entry of marriage in any register, the Corrections of person discovering the same shall forthwith give information ^P^°us thereof to the justice or justices at the petty sessions of the 611 e8' district within which such marriage shall have been solemnized, or, if within the Dublin Metropolitan Police District,

to a divisional justice or justices within the said district; and it shall be lawful for the said justice or justices, and they are hereby authorised and required, thereupon, or upon otherwise coining to the knowledge of such erroneous entry, to summon before them the person who made and any person concerned in making such erroneous entry or having any knowledge regarding the same, and also any person interested in the effect of such erroneous entry, and to examine all such persons on

320

Marriages by special license under 33 & 34 Vict. c. 110. valid.

Persons may be nominated to issue licenses for marriage in the Roman Catholic Church.

Power to issue licenses for mixed marriage.

Who may solemnise mixed marriages.

Ch. 49. Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment 34 & 35 Vjdct.

oath; and if the said justice or justices shall be satisfied that any error has been committed in any such entry, such justice or justices shall, by authority in writing under his or their hands, direct the registrar to correct the erroneous entry; and it shall be lawful for the registrar, and he is hereby required, thereupon to correct the erroneous entry according to the truth of the case, by entry in the margin, without any alteration of the original entry; tad such marginal entry snail contain a reference to the deposition upon which the said justice or justices directed the correction to be made, and shall be dated on the day on which it is made, and signed by the parties applying for the correction, and by the registrar; and in every case the registrar shall make the like alteration in the certified copy of the register book; provided that in case such certified copy shall have been already made, he shall make and deliver in like manner a separate certified copy of the original erroneous entry and of the marginal correction made therein.

24. All marriages legally solemnized under the authority of special licenses granted in pursuance of the provisions of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, shall be deemed to be and shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes.

25. Every bishop of the Roman Catholic Church may, by writing under his hand, nominate persons to issue licenses for marriage in cases where both or either of the parties intending to intermarry are or is a Roman Catholic: Provided that when only one of the parties is a Roman Catholic, notice in writing shall be given by one of the parties to the person empowered to issue such licenses seven days before the license shall issue; and the person receiving such notice shall forthwith send by post a copy thereof to the clergymen officiating at the places of worship where the parties intending marriage have been in the habit of attending.

26. Any person who, under the provisions of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, is or shall be empowered to issue licenses for marriage, may issue such licenses in cases where only one of the parti# intending to intermarry is a Protestant Episcopalian, in the same manner and subject to the same rules as are therein prescribed in cases where both the parties are Protestant Episcopalians; and any license heretofore or hereafter issued under the said Act, or under the provisions of this present section, is hereby declared regular and valid when one of the parties shall, for seven days previous to the giving of notice of such intended marriage, have resided in the district of the person issuing such license.

27. Whenever a license for the marriage of a Romst Catholic with & person not a Roman Catholic shall have been issued, pursuant to the provisions of sections twenty-five or

321

twenty-six of this Act, such marriage may lawfully be solemnized by a Roman Catholic clergyman between such persons; and whenever such license shall, pursuant to the provisions of either of said sections* have been issued for the marriage of a Protestant Episcopalian with a person not a Protestant Episcopalian, such marriage may lawfully be solemnized by a Protestant Episcopalian clergyman; and when any of such licenses shall have been issued it shall not be necessary to obtain any certificate from the registrar, and every such license shall have the same force and effect as under the provisions of the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, the certificate of the registrar would have had.

28. Whereas by section thirteen of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for " Marriages in Ireland, and for registering such Marriages," it was amongst other things enacted that in every case of marriage intended to be solemnized in Ireland according to the usages of Jews, there should be stated in the notice or notices required by the said section to be given to the registrar or registrars the building in which the marriage is to be solemnized, which building is by the said section required to be within the district within which one of the parties intending marriage shall have dwelt for the time prescribed by the said section, and it is expedient that the provisions of the said section should be amended: Be it enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, notwithstanding anything in the said section contained, it shall not' be necessary in any case of marriage intended to be solemnized in Ireland according to the usages of Jews that the building stated in the notice or notices by the said section required to be given to the registrar or registrars as the building in which such marriage is intended to be solemnized, or that the building in which such tnarriage is solemnized shall be within the district within which one of the parties shall > have dwelt for the time prescribed in the said section.

28. In case of sickness of* unavoidable absence of any person duly nominated to issue licenses for marriages in Ireland, it shall be lawful for such person, with the approval in writing of the person or authority by whom he was ap-

Sinted, or of the person or authority for the time being ercising the functions of such person or authority, to appoint a fit and proper person to act as his deputy for any period not exceeding two calendar months at one time, and every such deputy during the time for which he is so appointed shall have all the powers to issue licenses for marriage and shall perform all the duties and be subject to all the obligations and liabilities in relation to such licenses of the person by whom he is so appointed.

License in lieu of registrar's certificate.

Amendment of sect. IS of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 81. as to marriages according to Jewish usage.

Persons nominated to issue licenses may in case of sickness, &c. appoint a deputy.

«e

K>

N>

o

SCHEDULE.

18 . — Marriages solemnized under the authority of a Special License granted by (),

at (), in the Registrars District of ()> in the

county 6f ()

No. When married. Name and Surname. Age. Condition. Bank or Profession. Residence at the Time of Marriage. Father's Name and Surname. Bank or Profession of Father.

1 27 March 18 . Patrick Donovan Mary O'Brien Of full Age Minor - Bachelor -Spinster - Carpenter 3, South Street -17, High Street - Peter Donovan Laurence O'Brien - Upholsterer. Butcher.

Married at

<*(

) »

, of(

) according to the Rites and Ceremonies

By me, f William Jackson].

This Marriage was solemnized I Patrick Donovan, 1 in the j Donovan

between us I Mary O'Brien, J presence of us, \ Laurence O'Brien.

Ch. 49. Marriage Law' (Ireland) Amendment, 84 & 35 Trot

CHAP, 50.

An Act for disqualifying Bankrupts from sitting or voting in the House of Lords.

[13th July 1871.]

WHEREAS it is necessary for the preservation of the " dignity and independence of Parliament that bankrupts should be disqualified from sitting or voting in the House of Lords:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1* This Act may be cited as The Bankruptcy DisquaKfica- Short title, tion Act, 1871.

2. Every peer who becomes a bankrupt shall be disqualified Disqualification from sitting or voting in the House of Lords, or in any of bankrupt Committee thereof, and further, if a peer of Scotland or Ire- peer8' land, shall be disqualified from being elected to sit and vote in the House of Lords.

3. A peer shall be deemed to have become bankrupt in What consti-

m&nner and from and after the date herein-after mentioned; tuU? bank" that is to say, reptcy *

As to England, —

When an order has been made under any Act of Parliament adjudging him a bankrupt, from and after the date of such order; or

When a special resolution has been passed in pursuance of the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, declaring that his affairs are to be liquidated by arrangement, from and after the date of the registration of such resolution.

As to Scotland, —

When on any petition for sequestration a delivrance has been pronounced awarding sequestration of his estate, from and after the date of such delivrance,

As to Ireland, —

When on any petition of bankruptcy he has been adjudged by the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland to be a bankrupt, from and after the date of the adjudication; or when he has filed a petition for an arrangement with his creditors under the superintendence of the said court, from and after the date of filing such petition.

4. A peer who has become a bankrupt* in the event of his Restitution of bankruptcy being determined as herein-after mentioned, shall |>eergtnp^J. from and after the date of such determination, if otherwise motion of entitled, be qualified to sit and vote in the House of Lords, or bankruptcy, in any Committee thereof, and if a peer of Scotland or Ireland to be elected to sit and vote in the House of Lords, and

when so elected to sit and vote in that House.

324

Vacancy in seat of representative peer.

Penalty for disqualified person sitting or voting in the House of Lords.

Certificate of bankruptcy of

peer.

Prohibition of writ of summons.

To whom this Act shall apply.

Bankruptcy ItisquaUfomti&ii. 34 & 35 Vtk

For the purposes of this Act, a bankruptcy shall be deemed to be determined.

As to England or Ireland, —

Where an order has been made adjudging a peer to be a bankrupt, if such order is annulled on the ground that the person against whom ther order is made ought never to have been adjudged a bankrupt.

As to Scotland, —

Where a delivranoe has been pronounced awarding sequestration of a peer's estate, if the sequestration is readied on the ground that his estate ought never to have been sequestrated.

Also as to the United Kingdom, — *4

Where such bankrupt, has, teen duly discharged, either by actual payment or satisfaction, - or in the mode prescribed by the .respective statutes in force in that behalf from aH debts and liabilities due at his bankruptcy from.which he eta be so discharged; and when he shall further satisfy the House that he is also discharged from the debts and liabilities (if any) to 1 which he Was liable at the date of his bankruptcy, and which are specially excepted from the operation of his dis^mrce under the said statutes. ' Jj

5. The seat of a representative peer for Scotland or Ireland shall, unless his bankruptcy be determined within one year after the date of his becoming a bankrupt, be vacated ab the expiration of the year, and a new election be held to fill the vacancy.

6* If any person disqualified by this Act from flitting and voting in the House of Lords sits or votes or attempts te at or vote in that House, Or in any Committee thereof, be sb(II be guilty Of a breach of privilege, and be dealt with as the House of Lords may direct.

7. Where a peer becomes bankrupt within the meshing of this Act, the court having jurisdiction in respect of such - bankruptcy shall came the fact of such peer having become bankrupt to be certified to the Speaker of the House of Lords arrd the Clerk of tte Oowfc in Chancery, and the Speaker shall, kg sooi^ as . conveniently may be, inform the Ewwe fif such certificate, and a record of such certificate shfcH be entei^intte^ Hotafce.

& A writ of summons shall riot te issued to ariy fer the time being' disqualified from sitting or voting in tie cHorise^of Loordsi - c — *- - / *

1 This Act shall^ T - £'*'- — *

* .-I To any pexsoifc who tefofc^or afW the |)aB^g ef; this Act becoines< bankrupt} tad subsequently succeeds te a peqrtge, whose bankruptcy has not determined* at the^tiMe succeeding, in the dame tnariner as if 'he* :hrid teeri a pter at 4hecfcteofhfafeechmingbankrupt}*^ :- "'7 To any person Who' has become tenkrript before the time of the passing of this Act, and whose bankruptcy has not

C.

determined at such time in the same manner as if his bankruptcy had occurred immediately after the passing of this Act.

10. Nothing in this Act contained — Saying clause.

(1.) Shall, except as herein expressly provided, deprive any peer of any privileges to which he may be entitled in right of his peerage; or,

(2.) Shall qualify any person to be elected to or sit or vote in the House of Commons who would not have been so qualified if this Act had not passed,

1L " Peer" shall mean and include a peer of the United Definition of Kingdom or of any part of the United Kingdom, or any other <peer '

Lord of Parliament.

CHAP. 51.

An Act to apply the sum of Ten ^million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

[24th July 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the TT Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the

- supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore

most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the inosof time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply, towards making good the simply granted to BEer Majesty for Toad, tim.service of tbs year ending on the thirty-first day of

- March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, the sum

of ten million pounds .: .

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from Treasury to (tune to-time on the credit of the said sum often million taw*. r, pounds any sum or sums of equal or less Amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds - crowing produce ef-.thei

centum ^eradnum out of the i Fund at any period not later then the next succeeding ^tterijnsito: that in which the said soms wepa borrowed-: .; r

Any gums so borrowed shall, be.iphwed. to the credii of the-account of Her Majesty's Exchanger. anisfeafl form part of the said Consolidated Fund, sodbe. available in any manner in which such fimd is available.

Ch. 52. Emdkequer Bonds (<£700,000). 34 & 35 Vioi.

Treasury may raise 700,000*. by Exchequer bonds.

Interest on

bonds, and repayment of principal money.

Treasury may cause Exchequer bonds to be prepared and issued according to provisions of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25.

CHAP. 52.

An Act for raising the sum of Seven hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

[24th July 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1# Towards raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any time or times, but not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, to cause any number of Exchequer bonds to be made out at the Bank of England for any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, and such bonds shall bear such interest as shall be determined by the said Commissioners, not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, and shall be paid off* at par at the expiration of any period or periods not exceeding five years from the date of such bonds.

2. The interest on such bonds shall be paid half-yearly on such days as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing produce thereof; and the principal moneys secured by such bonds shall be repaid out of such money as shall be provided by Parliament in that behalf.

8. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time, by warrant under their hands, cause or direct the Exchequer bonds to be issued under the authority of this Act to be prepared for such principal sums, not less in any case than one hundred pounds, together with coupons for the interest becoming due from time to time thereon, in such form and under such regulations as the said Commissioners may think most safe and convenient, and according to the provisions, so far as they relate to Exchequer bonds, of an Act of the twenty-ninth year of Her Majesty, chapter twenty-five,

1871. Exchequer Benda (£700.000). Cta 52, 58. 327

intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the several laws " regulating the preparation, issue, and payment of Exchequer u bills and bonds."

4. If any person shall forge or alter, or shall offer, utter. Persons dispose of, or put off, knowing the same to be forged or gj^ngu0r altered, any Exchequer bond issued under this Act, or any bonds^&c. coupon for interest accruing thereon, such person shall be guilty of guilty of felony, and upon being lawfully convicted thereoffelony> shall suffer accordingly.

5. All such sums of money as shall be raised by Exchequer Money rated bonds to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall be paid

to the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of udated Yxmd. England, and shall be carried to and form part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

6. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow upon Treasury the credit of the Exchequer bonds to be made out in pur- Joo^j^on the suance of this Act any sum or sums of money not exceeding credit of bonds, in the whole the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds and National (anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding); and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt purchase bonds may invest, in the purchase of Exchequer bonds issued under with savings the authority of this Act, any money in their hands on account banks money* of savings banks, or Post Office savings banks.

CHAP. 53.

An Act to repeal an Act for preventing the assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of places in the United Kingdom.

[24th July 1871.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the fourteenth and fifteenth year of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter sixty, intituled An Act to prevent the " assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of " places in the United Kingdom," certain enactments were made prohibiting under penalties the assumption of the title of archbishop or bishop of a pretended province or diocese, or archbishop or bishop of a city, place, or territory, or dean of any pretended deanery in England or Ireland, not being the see, province, or diocese of an archbishop or bishop or deanery of any dean recognised by law:

And whereas no ecclesiastical title of honour or dignity derived from any see, province, diocese, or deanery recognised by law, or from any city, town, place, or territory within this realm, can be validly created, nor can any such see, province, diocese, or deanery be validly created, nor can any preeminence or coercive power be conferred otherwise than under the authority and by the favour of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and according to the laws of this realm; but it is not expedient to impose penalties upon those ministers of religion who may, as among the members of the several

328 Ch. 53, 54. Ecclesiastical Titles Act Repeal. 34 & 35 Vict.

religious bodies to which they respectively belong, be designated by distinctions regarded as titles of office, although such designation may be connected with the name of some town or place within the realm:

Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

14 & 15 Vict 1. The said Act of the session of Parliament held in the c* 60, TepcaIed# fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter sixty, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided that such repeal shall not nor shall anything in this Act contained be deemed in any way to authorise or sanction the conferring or attempting to confer any rank, title, or precedence, authority, or jurisdiction on or over any subject of this realm by any person or persons in or out of this realm, other than the Sovereign thereof.

CHAP. 54.

An Act to settle a Boundary within which a vote may he taken for the adoption of the Local Government Act by the District of Kingsholm in the county of Gloucester.

[24th July 1871.]

WHEREAS the district of Kingsholm St. Catherine in the county of Gloucester, being a district within which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, has interspersed within its boundaries, and immediately adjacent thereto, parts of many hamlets, townships, parishes, and extra-parochial places:

And whereas a petition has been received from an area including the present district of Kingsholm St. Catherine, and the said hamlets, townships, parishes, and extra-parochial places, purporting to be a petition under the sixteenth section of the Local Government Act, for the settlement of boundaries^ as set forth in the said petition, with a view to a resolution on the adoption of the Local Government Act within suet boundaries, and an inspector from the Local Government Act Office has inquired into and reported on such petition, and has recommended a boundary for the purpose aforesaid, hut it is doubtful whether, owing to the peculiar circumstances of the area included in such petition, Her Majesty's Secretary of State is empowered, under the powers given to him in the Local Government Act, to define such boundaries;

And whereas a further petition has been received since the said inquiry, paying for an extension of the boundaries described and set out in the first petition and plan:

And whereas it appears expedient that a vote on the adoption of the Local Government Act be taken within the boundaries described in the said ^econd petition:

.1871.

Kingsholm Dietrid, Boundary.

Ch. 54.

329

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The boundary as described in the schedule to this Act Settling a (being the boundaries described in the said second petition) ^a^ich shall be taken to be a boundary, settled in pursuance of a vote may the sixteenth .section of the Local Government Act, within t*1 ?n which a vote may legally be taken on the adoption of the ^eth«<LociS Local Government Act, and the Secretary of State shall Goreroment appoint a summoning officer for the purpose of such vote; Act by the and that at the expiration of two. months from the date of Kfo^obn in any resolution adopting the Local Government Act for the the comity of district within the said boundaries, which shall be called the Gloucester.

a holm district, a local board, to be called the Kingsholm Board, shall be elected in pursuance of the Local Government Act for the parts within the said boundaries^ and from and after such election the local board of Kingsholm St Catherine shall cease and determine, and its property, debts, duties, and obligations shall be ^tpmsferred to the Kings-holm Local Board: Provided always, that any rating for payment of any such debt and interest thereon shall be apportioned between the district of Kingsholm St Catherine and the parts so added as aforesaid to the said district, in such manner as shall be settled by the Kingsholm Local Board, and approved by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: Provided also, that notice of pufcKc meeting for the consideration of any resolution for the adoption of the Local Government Act within the said Kingsholm district shall be given by advertisement in some journal circulated in the district, and by notice affixed in the places where public notices are usually affixed within the said district: Provided also, that if at any time the boundaries of the district of the Local Board of Health, or of the municipal borough of Gloucester, be so extended as to take in all or part of the Kingsholm district (herein-before referred to), then the powers, duties, and liabilities of the local board of the said Kingsholm district shall, as to such part thereof as shall be included within the boundaries which may be So extended, thereupon pass and be transferred to the town council of Gloucester, acting as a local board, subject to such arrangements with regard to the payment of the debts and liabilities of the said respective local boards as shall be sanctioned by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Act incorpo-Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were one Act c. 93.

3. In citing this Act in any other. Act of Parliament, or ip short title, any proceeding, instrument, or document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the words and figures "The Kingsholm District Act, 1871."

Ee 3

330 Ch. 54, 55. Kingsholm District Boundary. 34 & 35 Vfcr,

SCHEDULE.

The boundaries of the district of Kingsholm in the county of Gloucester commence at the point A. (on the map of the district deposited at the Local Government Act Office) at the river Severn, and on the north-west boundary line of the city of Gloucester, thence passing in an easterly direction along such boundary line to the point

B. on the line of the Great Western Railway Company, thence easterly along and including such last-named railway to the point

C. where the Asylum Lane crosses the said railway, thence in an easterly direction along and including the railway running to Cheltenham from Gloucester to a point marked D. on the east side of a certain brook called the Abbotswood Brook, thence westerly along and including such last-named brook to the point E., where the Witcombe Brook joins the Abbotswood Brook, thence westerly along and including such last-named brook to the point F. on the north side of Sandhurst Lane, thence crossing such lane southwesterly to the point G. on the river Severn, thence following but excluding the river Severn to the starting point at A., so completing the boundary of the District of Kingsholm.

[Short title.]

Disposal of persons on indictment placed at Her Majesty's order.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 71. ss. 87. and 88.

CHAP. 55.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics in Scotland.

[24th July 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to " criminal and dangerous lunatics in Scotland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871"

2. When in terms of an Act of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for the regulation of the care and treatment of Lunatics," and for the provision, maintenance, and regulation of " Lunatic Asylums in Scotland," any person having been charged under indictment or criminal letters shall be ordered by the court to be kept in custody until Her Majesty's pleasure shall be known, any order which Her Majesty shall be pleased to issue in relation to the custody of such person may be renewed and varied from time to time, and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by an order under the hand of a Principal Secretary of State, to authorise, on such terms and conditions as shall be specified in the order, the liberation from custody in prison or elsewhere of any person who has been ordered to be kept in custody as aforesaid, and if any of the conditions of such liberation are broken, any Principal Secretary of State may, by warrant to be executed by any sheriff officer or by any officer of the General Prison at Perth to whom such warrant is delivered, direct such person to be

187L Lunatics (Scotland). Ch, 55. 331

taken into custody, and to be conveyed to the place in which he was detained at the time of his liberation, or to any other place to which he might have been removed if no order for his liberation had been given; and any person so taken into custody shall revert in all respects to the same position as he was in at the time when the order for his liberation was given, and shall be subject to be detained accordingly.

3» When by judgment anterior to the time when the said Provision as Act of the twentieth and twenty-first years of Queen Victoria to persons came in force any person charged on indictment or criminal wj^tby letters has by reason of lunacy been detained until further anterior to order of court, or has been disposed of otherwise than by being recited Act placed at Her Majesty's disposal, the provisions of this Act and all other provisions in any Act relating to Scotland authorising Her Majesty to dispose of persons who by reason of lunacy have been ordered to be detained until Her Majesty's pleasure shall be known, shall apply to persons who have been so detained or otherwise disposed of by such judgment.

4. When in relation to any insane prisoner in the General Belief of Prison at Perth it is certified, on soul and conscience, by lunatic d^ two medical persons that they have visited and examined such prisoner, and that in their opinion he is insane, but that from over-his insanity is of a kind which oan be properly treated in a crowding, lunatic asylum, it shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by a writing under his hand, to order that such prisoner be removed to any district asylum, or to any chartered or licensed asylum in which pauper lunatics an maintained in terms of any contract for such maintenance; and the managers or other administrators of the asylum named in the order shall, unless it be certified by Her Majesty's Commissioners in Lunacy that there is not sufficient accommodation at their disposal, be bound to provide for the reception of the prisoner named therein, and for his detention and maintenance, so long as he may be legally detained in such asylum; and if such prisoner be under a sentence which has not expired, the amount to be paid for his detention and maintenance until the expiry of his sentence shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Commissioners in Lunacy, and the same, when so fixed, may be charged in the accounts for the maintenance of the General Prison at Perth; and if such prisoner be not undergoing any sentence, section seventy-seven of the said Act of the twentieth and twenty-first Victoria, relating to the expense of the maintenance oif lunaties, and all the provisions of the said Act and of any Act amending the same relating to the expense of the maintenance of lunatics in Scotland, shall apply to such prisoner while detained in a lunatic asylum upon an order made under the provisions of this Act: Provided that in the case of chartered asylums or licensed private asylums the consent of the mana-

332

Ch. 55.

Lunatics (Scotland).

34 & 35 Vict.

Uemovate to and from (general prison.

Disposal of persons becoming insane in local prisons.

Persons in custody may be reconyeyed to prisons from which they have been removed.

gers or other administrators thereof, both as to the reception of any such person and as to the rate of board, shall be previously had and obtained, without prejudice always to existing contracts.

5. Any insane prisoner who has been removed from the general prison shall be conveyed back thereto on any order to that effect being issued under the hand of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and all orders for removal, whether from or to the general prison in terms of this Act, shall be directed to the governor of the general prison, who shall be responsible for the execution of the same

6. When in relation to any person confined in a local prison in terms of the "Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860," it is certified, on soul and conscience, by two medical persons that they have visited and examined such prisoner, and that in their opinion he is insane, it shall be lawful for the sheriff, on summary application at the instance <of the administrators of such prison, by a warrant under hi-band, to order such prisoner to be removed to a kna& tasylum; and if the asylum named in such warrant be & district asylum, or a chartered or licensed asylum in whis pauper lunatics are maintained in terms of any contract ftr such maintenance, the managers or other administrators thereof shall, unless it be certified by Her Majesty's Commissioners in Lunacy that there is not sufficient accommodation at their disposal, be bound to provide for the reception of such prisoner, and for his detention and maintenance for the period during which he would have been liable to detention in such prison had he not been so removed; and the amount to be paid for the removal of such prisoner to an asylum, and for detention therein, shall be charged against the assessment for current expenses under the administration of the Prison Board of the county in which the offence wherewith such prisoner is charged was committed, and in case of dispute the amount of such payment shall be fixed by Her Majesty* Commissioners in Lunacy: Provided that in the case of chartered asylums or licensed private asylums the consent of the managers or other administrators thereof, both as to the reception of any such person and as to the rate of board, shall be previously had and obtained without prejudice always to existing contracts.

7. The sheriff of the county in which the prison from which any person has been so removed is situate may, by a warrant under his hand, order such person to be reconveyed to the prison from which he was so removed; and any warrant under the hand of a sheriff in terms of this Act shall be valid, and may be put in force either within the county of such sheriff's jurisdiction or elsewhere in Scotland; and for the purposes of this Act, the term "sheriff" shall include " sheriff substitute."

1371- Lunatics (Scotland). Ch. 55, 50. 393£

8. For the removal of certain doubts in an Act of the Removal of twenty-fifth and twenty-six years of the reign of Queen topUwitionU) Victoria, entitled "An Act to make further provision respecting paupers of w Lunacy in Scotland/' the provisions therein concerning provisions for lunatics charged with assault or other offence inferring danger to the lieges, or found in a state threatening danger to the 25 & $6 vict lieges, or in a state offensive to public decency, shall not c. 54. ss. 15. be limited to pauper lunatics, but shall apply to any person so and 16-charged or found, although he may not, by receiving parochial > relief) or in any other form, come within the definition of a pauper, and the powers conferred upon Her Majesty's Commissioners in Lunacy of removal or transfer of any lunatic from any asylum in which he is detained to any other asylum shall apply to such lunatic.

CHAP. 56.

An Act to provide further Protection against Dogs.

[24th July 1871.]

XU JuifiREAS it is expedient that further protection should ' be provided against dogs:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act any police officer stray dog *

or constable may take possession of any dog that he has *>« *-^, 1 1 j 1 turned and sold

reason to suppose to be savage or dangerous straying on any ^e^yed.

highway, and not under the control of any person, and may

detain such dog until the owner has claimed the 8&me, and

paid all expenses incurred by reason of such detention.

Where the owner of any dog taken possession of by any constable is known, a letter, stating the fact of such dog having been taken possession of, shall be sent by post or otherwise to the owner at his usual or last known place of abode.

When any dog taken in pursuance of this Act has been detained for three clear days where the owner is not known as aforesaid, or for five clear days where he is so known, without the owner claiming the same, and paying all expenses incurred by its detention, the chief officer of police of the district in which such dog w'as found may cause such dog to be sold or destroyed.

Any moneys arising from the sale of any dogs in pursuance of this section shall be paid to the account of the local rate, and be applied to the purposes to which that rate is applicable.

All dogs detained under this section shall be properly fed and maintained at the expense of the local rate.

floosie

SM

Dangerous dogs may be destroyed.

Ca 56.

34 & 35 Via

Restriction upon dogs bang at large if danger from mad dogs is apprehended.

Penalty how to be recovered.

Definition of

2. Any eotui of summary jurisdiction, may take cognizance of a complaint that a dog is dangerous, and not kept under proper control, and if it appears to the court having cognizance of such complaint that such dog is dangerous, the court may make an. order in a summary way directing the dog to be kept by the owner under proper control or destroyed, and any person failing to comply with such order shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for every day during which he fails to comply with such order.

3. The local authority may, if a mad dog or a dog suspected of being mad is found within their jurisdiction, make, and when made vary or revoke, an order placing such restrictions as they think expedient on all dogs not being under the control of any person during such period as may be prescribed in such order throughout the whole of their jurisdiction, or such part thereof as may be prescribed in such order.

Any person who acts in contravention of any order made in pursuance of this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

Due notice of such order shall be published, at the expense of the local rate.

The provisions in this Act contained as to the detention and sale or destruction of dogs found straying on the highway shall apply to dogs found at large in contravention of any order made in pursuance of this section *

4. In England and Ireland any penalty under this Act may be recovered in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and in Scotland all such penalties shall be prosecuted and recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction under the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1864.

5. In this Act, —

For the purposes of this Act, and in reference to the districts mentioned in the first column of the schedule annexed hereto, "local authority " and "local rate" mean the bodies of persons mentioned in the second column and the rate mentioned in the third column of the said schedule:

"Summary Jurisdiction Acts " mean as follows:

As to England, the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled "An Act to facilitate " the performance of the duties of justices of the peace " out of sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders," and any Acts amending the same;

As to Scotland," The Summary Procedure Act, 1864; ' As to Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties

1871.

Dogs. Cs. 66.

of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district; and elsewhere in Ireland," The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, M and any Act amending the same:

"Court of summary jurisdiction" means, in England and Ireland, any two justices of the peace or any metropolitan stipendiary or other magistrate empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace; and in Scotland, any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff or Sheriff substitute, police or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given, or proceedings before whom may be regulated, by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any Acts therein referred to:

The expression "police district " means, —

In England, —

1. The city of London and the liberties thereof;

2. The metropolitan police district;

3. Any county, riding, part, division, or liberty of a

county, borough, city, town, place, or union, or combination of places maintaining a separate police force; and all the police under one chief constable shall be deemed to constitute one force for the purposes of this definition:

In Scotland, —

Any area maintaining a separate police force, and all the police under one chief constable shall be deemed to constitute one force for the purposes of this definition:

In Ireland, —

1. The police district of Dublin metropolis;

2. Any district, whether city, town, or country, over

which is appointed a sub-inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary:

The expression "chief officer of police 9 means, —

In England, —

1. In the city of London and the liberties thereof,

the Commissioner of City Police;

2. In the metropolitan police district, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis;

3. Elsewhere, the chief constable, or head constable, or

other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the police district in reference to which such expression occurs;

In Scotland, —

The chief constable, superintendent of police, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the police district in reference to which such expression occurs:

* m

Bogs.

34 & 35 Vict.

Saving of local Acts and of sect. 18 of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 134.

[Short title.]

Ch. 56.

In Ireland, —

1. In the police district of Dublin metropolis, either of the commissioners of police for the said district;

2. In any other police district, the sub-inspector of the

Royal Irish Constabulary:

Any act or thing by this Act authorised to be done by the chief officer of police may be done by any person authorised by him in that behalf:

" Highway " includes any street or any place of public resort.

6. This Act shall not affect the powers contained in the eighteenth section of the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867, or in any local or other Act of Parliament for the same or like purposes; and in places where any such local or other Act is in force, proceedings may be taken under such local or other Act, or under this Act, as may be deemed expedient.

7. This Act may be cited as "The Dogs Act, 1871"

SCHEDULE.

ENGLAND.

District of Local Authority.

Description of Local Authority.

Local Bate.

City of London and the liberties thereof.

The Commissioner of City Police.

The rate applicable to maintenance of

Metropolitan police district

Any borough subject to the Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-six, intituled "An Act " to provide for the regulation " of Municipal Corporations in " England and Wales."

Any district (no portion of which is included in a borough) for the time being subject to the jurisdiction of uiy commissioners, trustees, or other persons intrusted by any Local Act, not being a Turnpike Act or a Highway Act, with powers of improving, cleansing, or paving any part of such district.

Places in England not included in the above description.

The Commissioner of Polioe for the Metropolis.

The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses acting by the town council.

The commissioners, trustees, or other body of persons so intrusted.

The justices in petty sessions assembled at

polioe.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

their usual place of meeting.

1871.

Ch. 56.

337

Dogs.

SCOTLAND.

District of Local Authority.

Description of Local Authority.

Local Rate.

Burghs, Royal or Parliamentary, not subject to the separate jurisdiction of police commissioners or trustees.

Burghs and places where police commissioners or trustees exercise the functions of police commissioners or trustees under any general or local Act.

Any place in Scotland not included b the above description.

The town council -

The police commissioners.

The sheriff or sheriff substitute;

The revenue of the burgh or any rate applicable to sewers leviable by the town council.

Any rate leviable by the commissioners or trustees, or any fund belonging to them.

The rate applicable t6 the maintenance of police.

t' v " — ' — 7

IRELAND.

District of Local Authority.

Description

of Local Authority.

Local Rate.

The city of Dublin -

Towns corporate, with the exception of Dublin.

Towns having commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act made in the ninth year of the reign of George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make provision for the lighting, cleansing, and " watching of cities* and towns " corporate and market towns in " Ireland in certain cases."

Towns having town commissioners under the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854 (17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.), or under any other Local Act.

Townships having commissioners under Local Acts.

Places in Ireland not included in the foregoing descriptions.

The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, aldermen, and burgesses acting by the town council The Mayor, aldermen, and burgesses acting by the town council The commissioners The borough > rate or borough fund.

The town commissioners - Anyrate levied >* by the commissioners.

The township commissioners The justices of the peace for the petty sessions of the district in The grimd jury cess.

W111LII o Ut/11 JJiwUv is situate.

28 & 29 Vict.

c. 48.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 49 *

[Short title.]

Power to commissioners to acquire additional lands.

Provisions of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 49. to apply to lands to be

Ch. 57. Courts of Justice (.A Site). 34 & 35 Vict.

CHAP. 57.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Lands for improving the site of the Courts of Justice and the various Offices belonging to the same.

[24th July 1871.]

WHEREAS under the provisions of the following Acts (namely), "The Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865/' and "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, as incorporated for the purposes of the said Acts, (in this Act referred to as " the commissioners, ") have acquired certain lands in the parish of Saint Clement Danes and the liberty of the Rolls in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Saint Dunstan-in-the-West in the city of London, (herein-after called " the prescribed lands, ") as a site for the courts of justice to be erected under the authority of the said Acts:

And whereas it has been found necessary for the purpose of improving the site of the said courts of justice and the approaches thereto that the said commissioners should also be empowered to acquire the additional lands described and shown on the plans herein-after mentioned (which lands are in this Act referred to as " the additional lands "), but such lands cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament: And whereas duplicate plans describing the situation of the said additional lands, with a book of reference thereto containing the names of the owners and lessees or reputed owners and lessees and of the occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the clerk of the peace for the county of Middlesex, at his office at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell, and with the clerk of the Board of Works for the Strand district of parishes; and it is expedient that powers should be given to the said commissioners to acquire such additional lands for the purposes aforesaid:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Courts of Justice (Additional Site) Act, 1871."

2. The commissioners may purchase, take, and use for the purpose of improving the site of the said Courts of Justice all or any of the additional lands, and may pay for the purchase of the same and the costs incident thereto out of any moneys placed at their disposal for that object.

3. The provisions of "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," shall, so far as the same are applicable, be deemed to apply to the acquiring of the additional lands, and

1871. Courts of Justice (Additional Site). Ch. 67.

to the additional lands when acquired under this Act, in the same manner in all respects as if the additional lands formed part of the said prescribed lands, subject to the condition following, that is to say, the limit for the compulsory purchase of the said additional lands shall be five years from the passing of this Act

4. The commissioners may, if they think it desirable, grant and convey any portion of the additional lands to any person in lieu of and in exchange for any other lands which the commissioners may think to be better suited for the purpose of improving the site of the said Courts of Justice; any portion of the additional lands so granted and conveyed shall no longer form part of the additional lands, and shall be no longer applicable to the purposes of this Act; and any lands so taken in exchange by the commissioners under the authority of this section shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be and shall be part of the additional lands, and shall be used for the purpose of improving the site of the said Courts of Justice, and shall be subject to all the provisions of this Act in the same manner in every respect as if the same had originally formed part of the additional lands.

5. If the commissioners, in the execution of any works upon any of the lands acquired under the authority of this Act, discover any human remains, or any monuments or tombstones, they shall decently remove such remains, monuments, and tombstones, and dispose of the same in such manner and subject to such conditions as the Bishop of London and the rector of the parish of Saint Clement Danes for the time being shall jointly approve.

6. And whereas for carrying the purposes of this Act into execution it may be necessary to take the buildings now used as vestry rooms of and belonging to the parish of Saint Clement Danes, described in the said book of reference as "the Vestry Hall of Saint Clement Danes," and which vestry rooms are also used as court rooms by the Duchy of Lancaster, and are under and by virtue of the provisions of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and twenty-six, declared to be within the said Duchy for all and every the purposes in the said Act and in another Act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of His said Majesty, chapter sixty-one, mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that provisions such as are in this section contained should be made in relation to any buildings that may be provided or erected in lieu of the said buildings which shall not be within the said Duchy: Therefore, in case the said buildings now used as the vestry rooms and court rooms shall be taken under the authority and for the purposes of this Act, any buildings that may from time to time be provided, taken, or erected in lieu of such vestry rooms shall if the chancellor for the time being of the said

Ff 2

389

acquired under this Act.

Power to commissioners to exchange additional lands for others.

Provisions as to human remains, monuments, and tombstones.

Declaration that the court rooms to be used for the Duchy of Lancaster shall be deemed to be within the Savoy.

340 Ch. 57, 58. Courts of Justice (Additional Site). 34 & 35 Vict.

Duchy shall so require be used as court rooms by the Duchy of Lancaster in such and the like sort and manner and to the like extent as the now vestry rooms of the said parish are and have been used, and to be thereafter sustained and kept in repair by the said parish and Duchy in like manner as the said vestry rooms now are; and if such vestry rooms shall stand or be erected on land which before the passing of this Act was not within the manor and liberty of the Savoy, parcel of Her Majesty's said Duchy, such buildings and the rooms therein to be used as court rooms by the said Duchy shall be and the same are hereby declared to be within the said manor and liberty for all and every the uses and purposes that the rooms now used for such purposes are, and all acts done therein shall have and be of the same force and effect as if done and transacted within the said manor and liberty, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. 58.

An Act to amend the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870.

[24th July 1871.]

33 & 34 Vict c. 61.

Payment into court and orders as to sums deposited under 33 & 34 Vict. c. 61. s. 3.

Amendment of section 25 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 61.

WHEREAS by section three of the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870, a sum of money is required in certain cases to be deposited with the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be invested and returned by him in manner therein directed, and it is expedient to make further provision in respect of the deposit, investment, and return of such sum:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Every sum required by the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870, to be deposited with the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery shall be paid into the Court of Chancery, and orders with respect to the payment of such money into and out of court, and the investment and return thereof, and the payment of the dividends and interest thereof, may be from time to time made, altered, and revoked by the like authority and in the like manner as orders with respect to the payment into and out of court, and the investment of other money, and the application of the dividends and interest thereof.

2. Section twenty-five of the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870, shall be construed as if the words " chapter twenty-four " were and had at and from the date of the passing of such last-mentioned Act been inserted therein in place of " chapter forty-oneand Her Majesty's Printers shall in all copies of the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870, which may be printed after the passing of this Act, insert the words

341

1871. Life Assurance Companies Act (1870) Arndt. Ch. 58, 59.

" chapter twenty-four " in the place of the words u chapter forty-one " in section twenty-five of the said Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870.

3. This Act shall be construed as one with the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as The Life Assurance Companies Acts, 1870 and 1871, and this Act may be cited as The Life Assurance Companies Act, 1871.

CHAP. 59.

An Act to amend "The Public Libraries (Scotland) Act, 1867," and to give additional facilities to the Local Authorities entrusted with carrying the same into execution.

[31st July 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend " The Public Libraries " Act (Scotland), 1867," and to give additional facilities and powers to the local authorities entrusted with the control, management, and regulation of libraries, museums, and art galleries established under the powers and provisions of said Act, in order to render such libraries, museums, and art galleries of greater utility: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Sections seven and eight of the said " Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867/' are hereby repealed.

2. The " Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the following matters, that is to say, with respect to the liabilities of the Commissioners, and to legal proceedings by or against the Commissioners, and with respect to mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, excepting sections eighty-four, eighty-six, and eighty-seven, shall, except where expressly varied by this Act, be incorporated with this Act.

3. The several words and expressions to which by the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," partially incorporated with this Act, meanings are assigned, shall in this Act have the same respective meaning, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant to such construction; provided always, that in the last recited Act the expression "the special Act" shall mean the first-recited Act and this Act, and the expression the Commissioners shall mean and include the magistrates and council in the case of a burgh, and the Board in the case of a parish or district, and the committee appointed in terms of the first-recited Act, in the discharge of their respective duties under the said first-recited Act and this Act. Section three of the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867, shall be read as if the words "provost, or in his absence the senior magistrate for the time being " were inserted instead of " chief or senior magistrate."

Ff 3

Construction and short title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 37. ss. 7. 8. repealed.

Parts of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. incorporated.

Interpretation of terms.

342

Powers of borrowing limited.

Sinking fond.

Estimates to be made np.

Annual expenditure to be raised by assessment not exceeding one penny per pound.

Ch 59. Public Libraries (S.) Act (1867) Arndt. 34 & 35 Vict.

4. The magistrates and council or the board, as the case may be, may, from time to time, borrow at interest on mortgage or bond, on the security of the rates to be levied in pursuance of the first-recited Act and this Act for the purposes thereof, a sum or sums of money not exceeding the capital sum represented by one fourth part of the library rate of one penny per pound authorised by the first-recited Act capitalized at the rate of twenty years purchase of such sum.

5. The magistrates and council or the board, as the case may be, are hereby required to set apart annually, as a sinking fund for the extinction of capital sums borrowed under the authority of this Act and the said first-recited Act, a sum equal to at least one fiftieth part of the money so borrowed, and such sinking fund shall be from time to time applied for the redemption of mortgages created under the authority of this Act, and to no other purpose whatever, and shall be lodged in any of the banks in Scotland incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, or invested in government securities, or lent out at interest in the name and at the discretion of the magistrates and council or the board, as the case may be, until the same be applied for the purposes before specified.

6. The committee shall, in the month of April in every year, make up, or cause to be made up, an estimate of the sums required in order to defray the interest of any money borrowed, the payment of the sinking fund, and the expense of maintaining and managing all libraries, art galleries, or museums under their control, for the year after Whitsunday then next to come, and for the purpose of purchasing the articles or things authorised to be purchased by the first-recited Act, for such libraries, art galleries, or museums, and shall report the same to the magistrates and council in the case of a burgh, or to the board in the case of a parish, for their consideration and approval.

7. The magistrates and council or board, as the case may be, are hereby empowered and required to levy and assess for the purposes of the first-recited Act and this Act a rate not exceeding the sum of one penny in the pound of the yearly rental of such burgh or district, to cover the sum necessary for the purpose of defraying the interest of any money borrowed, and the payment of the sinking fund, together with such sum or sums as they shall fix as the proper j and necessary expenses of maintaining and managing all such j libraries, art galleries, or museums; and the magistrates and council or board, as the case may be, are also hereby empowered to levy and assess such sum as may be necessary for the purchase of the articles or things authorised to be purchased by the first-recited Act for such libraries, art galleries, or museums; provided always, that the rates so to be levied and assessed shall not exceed the rate authorised by the first*recited Act.

1871. Public IAhrcmea (Scotland) Act{ 1867) Amendt. Ch. 59. 343

8. The magistrates and council in the case of a burgh, and Accounts to

the board in the case of a district, shall cause the accounts of be audited their receipts, payments, and liabilities with reference to the *

execution of the first-recited Act and this Act to be annually

audited by one or more competent auditors not being members of the committee, and which yearly accounts, as soon as the same shall have been audited, shall be signed by two of the magistrates and council or two members of the board, as the case may be, and shall be printed, and be inserted in one or more newspapers published or circulated in the burgh or district.

9. It shall be lawful for the committee, subject to the Power to make approval of the magistrates and council or board, as the case byelaws<

may be, to make byelaws for regulating all or any matters and things whatsoever connected with the control, management, protection, and use of any property, articles, or things vested in them or under their control, for the purposes of the first-recited Act or this Act, and to impose such penalties for breaches of such byelaws, not exceeding five pounds for each offence, as may be considered expedient; and from time to time, as they shall think fit, to repeal, alter, vary, or re-enact any such byelaws; provided always, that such byelaws shall not be repugnant to the law of Scotland, and before being acted on shall be signed by a quorum of the committee, and approved of by the magistrates and council or the board; and approved of and confirmed by the sheriff, and inserted weekly, fox at least two weeks, in a newspaper published or circulated in the district; and all byelaws so made, signed, approved of, confirmed, and published shall be observed by and binding on all parties concerned therein; provided also, that such byelaws shall be so framed as to allow the judge before whom any penalty imposed thereby may be sought to be recovered to order a part only of such penalty to be paid, if such judge shall think fit: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall preclude the magistrates and town council or board, as the case may be, from recovering the value of articles or things damaged, or the amount of the damage sustained, against all parties liable for the same.

10. All penalties and forfeitures exigible under this Act, Penalties and and the Acts incorporated wholly or partially herewith, or Recovered under any byelaw made in pursuance thereof, may be re- by action, covered by an ordinary small debt action in the name of the clerk to the committee for the time being, before either the sheriff or justices of the district, and the same shall be payable to the committee, and shall, when recovered, be applied by them for the purposes of this Act, and in any prosecution under this Act an excerpt from the books of the library committee, certified by the librarian or other proper officer, shall be held equivalent to the books of the library committee, and all entries in the books of the library committee bearing

344

Actions to be brought in the name of the clerk of the committee.

Mode of supplying vacancies in the committee in case of resignation, death, or disability.

Power to lend out books.

Power to make and issue catalogues.

Power to issue books to certain institutions.

[Short title.]

Ch. 59. Public Libraries (8.) Act (1867) Amendt 34 & 35 Vict.

that any book or books mentioned or referred to therein has or have been borrowed by the person complained against, shall be taken and received as evidence of the fact, and the onus probandi shall be thrown on the party complained against, and, if decree passes against said party, he shall be found liable in costs.

11. All actions at the instance of the committee shall be brought in name of the clerk of committee, and in all actions against the committee it shall be sufficient to call the clerk to the committee for the time being as defender, and service on him shall be sufficient service, and all actions brought by or against the clerk to the committee in his official character shall be continued by or against his successors in office without any action of transference.

12. In the event of any vacancy occurring in the committee during their term of office by the resignation of any member of committee, the magistrates and council or board, as the case may be, may, at a meeting thereafter, elect a member of committee in plaoe of the member so resigning, provided always that such member so resigning shall give at least fourteen days previous notice of his intention so to resign to the clerk, and in the event of any vacancy occurring in the committee during their term of office by the disability or death of any member of committee, the committee shall intimate the same to the town clerk or clerk to the board, and the magistrate and council or the board, as the case may be, may, at a meeting thereafter, elect a member of committee in room and place of the member of committee who may have become disqualified or died: Provided always, that no proceeding of the committee shall be invalidated or be illegal in consequence of there being any vacancy in the number of committee.

13. It shall be lawful for the committee, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to lend out for the purpose of being read by the inhabitants of the district or burgh for which they are constituted the books in the library, or which may be purchased for the library, or such of them as they may consider proper.

14. The committee may compile and print catalogues of all

articles and things in the libraries, art galleries, or museums under their charge, and reports of their proceedings, and sell the same, the proceeds to be applied for the purposes of this Act.

15. The committee may lend books for the use of the inmates of industrial schools, training ships, reformatories, barracks, and other similar institutions established for or in the district for which the library may be constituted.

16. This Act may be cited as The Public Libraries Act (Scotland, 1867,) Amendment Act, 1871."

.1871.

Public Schools Act (1868) Amendment. Ca. 60.

345

CHAP. 60.

An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868.

[31st July 1871.]

WHEREAS by the Public Schools Act, 1870, it is provided, firstly, that all powers by the Public Schools Act, 1868, or any Act amending the same, vested in the new governing bodies of the several schools to which the said Public Schools Act applies, shall continue vested in such new governing bodies respectively until the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and from and after the said thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and not before, shall pass to and vest in the Special Commissioners in the said Act named, subject nevertheless as in the said Act mentioned; secondly, that, subject to the provisions of the said Public Schools Act, 1870, all powers conferred on the Special Commissioners by the Public Schools Act, 1868, or any Act amending the same, shall be in force until the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she think fit, by and with the advice of Her Privy Council, to continue the same until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two:

And whereas it is expedient to postpone for such further time as is herein-after mentioned the transfer to the said Special Commissioners of the powers vested as aforesaid in the said new governing bodies, and to continue for a further time the powers of the said Special Commissioners:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Public Schools Act, 1871."

2. All powers by the Public Schools Act, 1868, or any Act amending the same, vested in the new governing bodies of the said schools shall continue vested in such new governing bodies respectively until the twenty-fifth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and from and after the said twenty-fifth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and not before, shall pass to and vest in the said Special Commissioners, subject nevertheless as in the said Act mentioned.

3. It shall be lawful by statutes or regulations passed under thef said Acts to provide that the members of the governing bodies of Eton and Winchester shall be fellows of the colleges thereof; provided that nothing therein shall affect the status or emoluments of the existing fellows of the said colleges, or confer upon them any right to act as members of the governing body; provided also, that the holding of any such fellowship as

33 & 34 Vict. c. 84.

31 & 32 Vict. C. 118.

[Short title.]

Extension of powers of new governing bodies of certain public schools.

Statutes may provide that members of governing bodies of Eton and Winchester shall be fellows.

846

Ch. 60, 61. Public Schools Act (1868) AmmdrrienL 84 & 35 Vict.

a member of the governing body shall not interfere with the right of holding any other fellowship or preferment.

Duration of 4. Subject to the provisions of this Act all powers con-powers of ferred on the Special Commissioners by the Public Schools commissioners. or any Act amending the same, shall be in force

until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she think fit, by and with the advice of Her Privy Council, to continue the same until the twenty-fifth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21.

[Short title.]

To be construed with 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21.

CHAP. 61.

An Act to amend the Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869.

[31st July 1871.]

WHEREAS under the Acts relating to Commissioners to inquire into corrupt practices at elections for members to serve in Parliament (herein-after referred to as election commissioners), the expenses of such commissioners in the case of any county, city, or borough are charged on and raised by contributions from the parishes in such county, city, or borough:

And whereas by the Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869, it was provided that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury might advance such moneys as might be required for the expenses of any election commissioners in the case of any county, city, or borough, and might obtain repayment of such advances by contributions from the parishes in such county, city, or borough, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas in the case of parishes situate partly within and partly without the parliamentary boundary of a city or borough, the portions of such parishes which are outside the parliamentary boundary are under the said Acts charged with the amount of the contributions for the said expenses and advances in respect of such city or borough, and it is expedient to relieve those portions from such charge, and to relieve the other portions of such parishes, and the parishes within the parliamentary boundary of any city or borough, from the like charge in respect of the county:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited as "The Election Commissioners Expenses Act, 1871."

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869, (in this Act referred to as the principal Act,) and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Election Commissioners Expenses Acts, 1869 and 1871.

1871. Election Commissioners Expenses. Ch. 61.

3, Where the election commissioners were appointed in respect of any city or borough, and a parish is situate partly within and partly without the parliamentary boundary of such city or borough, then for the purpose of any contribution towards paying the expenses of such commissioners or repaying the advances for such expenses (whether such expenses or advances have been incurred or made before or after the passing of this Act), and for all the purposes of the principal Act, that part of such parish which is situate within such boundary shall be liable exclusively of the other part of such parish to such contribution, and shall be deemed to be a parish by itself, and the overseers of the whole parish shall be deemed to be also the overseers of the part so declared to be a parish by itself

For the purpose of raising any such contribution in any place declared by this Act to be a parish by itself, a separate rate shall be assessed, made, allowed, published, collected, and levied in the same manner as the poor rate, and the overseers shall in relation to such separate rate have the same powers, privileges, and protections, and be subject to the same obligations, as they have and are subject to in relation to a poor rate, and shall, by means of such separate rate, collect the sum directed by the certificate to be paid to the local officer as the contribution of such parish, together with such further sum in addition as the overseers may estimate to be necessary to provide for the expenses of assessing, making, allowing, publishing, levying, and collecting such separate rate, and for loss by rates which may be excused or become irrecoverable; and the officers ordinarily employed in the collection of the poor rate in the whole of the said parish shall, if required by the overseers, collect such separate rate.

Where the election commissioners were appointed in respect of any county, the parishes situate within the parliamentary boundary of any city or borough shall not be liable to any contribution towards paying the expenses of such commissioners, or repaying the advances for such expenses; and the provisions of this section with respect to that part of a parish which is situate within the parliamentary boundary of any city or borough shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to that part thereof which is situate without such boundary.

4. Where default is made by the local officer of any county, city, or borough, then —

(1.) In the case of any part of a parish declared by this section to be a parish by itself which is not comprised in a municipal borough having a separate court of quarter sessions, the contribution of such parish to any rate made in pursuance of the principal Act by the justices in general or quarter sessions assembled shall be assessed, raised, and collected in the same manner as any contribution to

347

Liability of part of parish outside parliamentary boundary of city or borough and of parishes inside the borough.

Raising of money on default of local officer.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21.

Ch. 61. Election Commissumers Expenses. 34 & 35 Vict.

a county rate of a part of any parish, the other part of which is comprised in a municipal borough having a separate court of quarter sessions; and all enactments relative to the assessing, raising, and collecting such contribution shall apply accordingly; and, moreover, the provisions of this Act with respect to a separate rate shall extend to a separate rate levied for the purpose of this section.

(2.) In the case of any parish comprised in a municipal borough having a separate court of quarter sessions, the amount determined by the Commissioners of the Treasury under the principal Act as the amount to be paid by and as the contribution of such parish shall be paid to the said Commissioners of the Treasury by the overseers of such parish, and the said Commissioners may enforce payment thereof by the overseers by the same means and in the same manner as the council of such borough may enforce payment of any sum which the overseers are ordered by such council to pay towards the borough rate, and for the purpose of this section such part of any parish situate partly within and partly without the municipal borough as is comprised in the municipal borough shall be deemed to be included in the term "parish/* and the overseers of the whole parish shall be deemed to be the overseers of such part as if they had been appointed by the council to act as overseers therein.

The provisions of the principal Act and this Act, with respect to proceedings on default being made by the local officer, shall be in addition to any other remedy which the Commissioners of the Treasury may have for obtaining payment of the sum named in the requisition.

5. In this Act —

The term "parliamentary boundary" means the boundary of a city or borough, as fixed for the purpose of the election of members to serve in Parliament for such city or borough:

The term "municipal borough" means any place for the time being subject to the Act of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-six, intituled An Act to provide for the regulation. of municipal " corporations in England and Wales/* and the Acts amending the same:

The term "parish" means a place for which a separate poor rate is or can be made.

6. This Act shall continue in force for the same period as the principal Act and no longer.

1871. East India (Bishops Leave of Absence). Ch. 62, 63.

349

CHAP. 62.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to make regulations relative to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops on furlough and medical certificates.

[31st July 1871.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act " to enable Her Majesty to grant furlough allowances to the " Bishops of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay who shall return " to Europe for a limited period after residing in India a " sufficient time to entitle them to the highest scale of pension," it was provided that Her Majesty should be enabled from time to time to grant permission to any Bishop of Calcutta who should have resided in the East Indies for a period of ten years, and to any Bishop of Madras or Bombay who should have resided in the East Indies for a period of fifteen years, to return to Europe for a period not exceeding eighteen calendar months:

And whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the rule thus laid down:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

1. That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make such Power to rules as to the leave of absence of Indian bishops on furlough Her Majesty or medical certificate as may seem to her expedient: Provided for^4*ofeS that no farther expenditure of the revenues of India be absence for incurred thereby than is already authorised under existing bishops, and Acts of Parliament; and provided also, that the provisions as exPenseH* of existing Acts of Parliament are not interfered with by such rules so far as regards the present Bishop of Calcutta.

CHAP. 63.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the granting of Charters in certain cases.

[31st July 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide that any charter which Her Majesty, after the passing of this Act, may be advised to grant for the foundation of any new college or new university shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The College Charter Act, 1871."

2. A copy of any application for a charter for the foun- Copy of coi-dation of any college or university, which, after the passing le&e charter to

be laid before Parliament.

Definition of " college or university. "

Power to Her Majesty to grant an annuity of 15,000l. to Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert for life.

Payment of proportionate part of annuity.

Ch. 63, 64. Charters (Colleges). 34 & 35 Vict.

of this Act, may be referred by Her Majesty in Council for the consideration and report of any Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, shall, together with a copy of the draft of the charter applied for, be laid before both Houses of Parliament for a period of not less than thirty days before any such report shall be submitted to Her Majesty.

3. In this Act the expression "college or university shall include any institution in the nature of a college or university.

CHAP. 64.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Hoyal Highness Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert on his coming of age.

[14th August 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

"WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most gracious message, that Your Majesty is desirous of making competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of Your Majesty's third son, His Royal Highness Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert, on his coming of age, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by letters patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto His said Royal Highness, or to such persons as Her Majesty may think fit to name in the said letters patent, on trust for His said Royal Highness, and subject to such conditions as Her Majesty may direct, an annuity of fifteen thousand pounds for his life, such annuity to commence from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, the day on which His said Royal Highness came of age, to be free from all taxes, assessments, and charges, and to be paid quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October.

2. The first payment of the said annuity shall include such portion thereof as may have accrued between the said date of His said Royal Highness coming of age and the first of the said quarterly days which happens after the passing of this Act, and shall be made on such last-mentioned day, and a proportionate part shall be payable between the last quarterly day of payment and the day of the determination thereof: Provided that in the event of His said Royal Highness soc-

351

ceeding to any sovereignty or principaUty abroad it shall be lawful for Her Majesty or her successors, with the consent of Parliament, to revoke or reduce the said annuity by warrant under the Sign Manual

3. The annuity granted in pursuance of this Act shall, if Annuity Her Majesty think fit so to direct, be a personal and inalienable provision, and the same shall be charged on and payable charged on the out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Consolidated Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing produce thereof Fund* after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with preference to all other payments which may hereafter be charged on the said fund.

CHAP. 65.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Juries in Ireland.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and consolidate the " laws relating to juries in Ireland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I. — Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Juries Act (Ireland), 1871."

2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only. Extent of Act.

3. In the construction and for the purposes of this Act Interpretation (if not inconsistent with the context or subject matter), the of tenns* following words shall have the respective meanings herein-after assigned to them; (that is to say,)

"County" shall include "county of a city," "county of a town," and "the city and county of Londonderry:"

" Court" shall mean and include each of the superior courts at Dublin, and every court of assize, nisi prius, oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, every general sessions of the peace, every civil bill court, and every recorder's court:

"Judge" shall include every justice and commissioner of assize, nisi prius, and oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, every chairman of the civil bill court, and also every chairman of justices presiding at general sessions of the peace for any county, and every recorder, and also every person duly appointed and acting as deputy for any of the judges aforesaid:

" Sheriff" shall include under sheriff:

"Juror" shall mean male persons only:

" Barony " shall include half barony or other division of a barony, and in counties of cities or counties of towns shall mean wards.

Gg 2

352

Certain Acts and parts of Acts repealed.

Qualification of jurors.

Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

4. From and after the commencement of this Act the several Acts and parts of Acts set forth in the first schedule to this Act annexed, to the extent to which such Acts or parts of Acts are by such schedule expressed to be repealed, and every other Act or Acts and such parts of every other Act or Acts as shall be inconsistent with this Act, shall be and they are hereby repealed, except as to anything heretofore done, and except so far as any of the said Acts or parts of Acts, whether mentioned or included in the said schedule or not, repeal any former Act or Acts or parts of an Act or Acts, and except as to the recovery and application of any penalty for any offence which shall have been committed before the commencement of this Act.

Part II. — Amendment.

5. Every man being a subject of the Queen, between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years, residing in any county in Ireland, who shall be, either in his own name or as a member of a firm or copartnership, rated for the relief of the poor in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within such county, of the net annual value fixed for such county in the fourth schedule to this Act, shall be qualified as to property, and liable (save as herein-after exempted or disqualified) to serve on all juries for the trial of all issues, civil and criminal, joined in any of the Queen's courts, and triable in the county in which such man shall reside, and shall also be qualified and liable (save as herein-after exempted or disqualified) to serve on grand juries at the general sessions of the peace within such county, and on every inquest or inquiry to be taken or made in such county by or before any sheriff or coroner, or by or before any master or commissioner appointed by any of the superior courts of common law or equity, or by or before any commissioner appointed under the great seal or the seal of the Court of Exchequer; and every man between the ages aforesaid, residing in any borough in Ireland having a separate court of sessions of the peace, or a court of record for the trial of civil actions, and rated as aforesaid in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within such borough, of the net annual value fixed for such borough in the fourth schedule to this Act, shall be qualified as to property, and liable (save as herein-after exempted or disqualified) to serve on grand juries at sessions of the peace in such borough, and also upon juries for the trial of all issues, civil and criminal, joined in any court of sessions of the peace, and in any court of record for the trial of civil actions, triable in the borough in which such person shall reside: Provided always, that for the purposes of this Act, as regards any county of a city, county of a town, or borough, having a separate court of sessions of the peace or a court of record for the trial of civil actions, any such person as aforesaid shall be deemed to be resident therein who shall have or occupy a counting-house, office, shop, or place of

1871. Juries (Irdcmd). Ch. 65. 353

business in such county of a city, county of a town, or borough as aforesaid, although such person may not actually reside therein, provided that he reside within twelve statute miles of the court house of such county of a city, county of a town or borough as aforesaid, and in the county of the city of Dublin within a like distance of the General Post Office in Dublin, to be computed by the nearest public road or way.

6. The persons described in the second schedule hereto Exemption annexed shall be absolutely freed and exempted from being returned, and from serving on any jury, inquest, or inquiry on Junes* whatsoever, and the names of such persons shall not be inserted in the jurors lists or jurors books to be prepared by virtue of this Act as herein-after directed.

7* No alien nor any man who hath been or shall be Disqualifica-attainted or convicted of any treason or felony, or of any tions-crime that is infamous, unless be shall obtain a free pardon, nor any man who is under outlawry by virtue of any criminal process, is or shall be qualified to serve on juries, inquests, or inquiries in any court, or on any occasion whatsoever.

8. The clerk of the peace of every county in Ireland, except Clerk of peace the county of the city of Dublin, shall, within one week after ^£sp^pt the first day of July in every year, issue and deliver his unions, precept, in the Form A. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, to the clerk of each poor law union wholly or partly included within such county, requiring each such clerk of poor

law union to prepare and return to such clerk of the peace, on or before the first day of August next ensuing, a complete and true list for each barony of such comity within his union of all men between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years (except those exempted or disqualified by this Act from being returned or serving on juries) residing in such county, rated either in their own names or as members of a copartnership in the then last rate made in the said union for the relief of the poor in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate in such barony within such included union, of the net annual value fixed for such county in the fourth schedule to this Act, and also to perform and comply with all other the requisitions in the said precept contained; and such clerk of the peace shall annex to every such precept a printed copy of the second schedule of this Act, and shall cause a sufficient number of forms to be printed, according to the Form B. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, and shall issue and deliver with the said precept a sufficient number of the said forms for the use of the persons by whom the same are to be filled up and returned as herein-after directed.

9. Forthwith after the receipt of such precept from the clerk Clerks of of the peace the clerk of every poor law union shall (after

due inquiry, which he is hereby required to make with the assistance of the respective collector or collectors of poor rate within his union, and which assistance every such collector or collectors is and are hereby required to give for such purpose),

Gg 3

354 . Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

prepare in alphabetical order of surnames, and consecutively numbered, a complete and true list for each barony of such county within his union, in the Form B. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, of the names of all men between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years (except those exempted or disqualified by this Act from being returned or serving on juries) residing in such county and rated as aforesaid in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the net annual value specified in such precept, situate in such barony, with their Christian names and surnames written at full length, and with the true or last known place of abode, and the title, quality, calling, or business, and the net annual value and place of the rated lands, tenements, or hereditaments of each such man, and shall inscribe the same in the proper columns of the said forms, and shall, on ot before the first day of August next ensuing the receipt of such precept as aforesaid, deliver the said forms with the said list so inscribed therein, and with the declarations at the foot or end of the said list, in the said form set forth, signed respectively by the collector or collectors by whose assistance such list shall have been prepared, and by the said clerk of union; and such list when prepared and delivered as aforesaid, shall be called the CCgeneral list of jurors" for the barony of the county for which the same shall have been prepared.

Preparation of 10. The clerk of the peace for the county of the city of comity1 of G Dublin shall, at the time aforesaid in every year, issue and the city of deliver a like precept with a printed copy of the second

Dublin. schedule of this Act thereto annexed, and with like forms,

to the collector-general of rates for the city of Dublin, requiring the said collector-general to prepare and return to the said clerk of the peace a like list for the county of the city of Dublin, and also to perform and comply with all other the requisitions in the said precept contained; and the said collector-general shall, within the time aforesaid, prepare, inscribe, sign, and deliver such list for the county of the city of Dublin in like manner in all respects as is herein-before provided with respect to the lists for the other counties in Ireland; and such list, when prepared and delivered as aforesaid, shall be called the " general list of jurors " for the county of the city of Dublin.

Clerk of the 11. The clerk of the peace of every county in Ireland, on PCaee<tUstTof or kefor© the fifteenth day of August in every year, shall, special jurors." from each of the lists so furnished to him as aforesaid, cause to be made out for each barony of such county a true and complete list, in the Form C. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, containing the names of all persons contained in the list furnished to him as aforesaid for such barony who are the sons of peers, baronets, knights, magistrates, the eldest sons of baronets, of knights, or of magistrates, and of every person appearing in such list as being, either in his own name or as a member of a copartnership, rated for the relief of the

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 66. 366

poor in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the net annual value fixed for such county in the fifth schedule to this Act, and the names contained in each of the said lists to be made out by such clerk of the peace shall be arranged in alphabetical order of surnames and consecutively numbered, and each such list shall contain the like particulars in every respect as the lists furnished to him as aforesaid, and when so made out shall be called the " list of special jurors " for the barony of the county for which the same shall have been made out, and such clerk of the peace shall, at the foot or end of every such " list of special jurors " made out by him, sign a declaration that such " list of special jurors " has been fully and correctly prepared by him from general list of jurors " from which such " list of special jurors shall have been made out by him.

12. The clerk of the peace of every county in Ireland shall, Revision of between the eighth day of September and the twenty-fifth day "f^rore of October inclusive, in every year, bring the several " general " lists of spe-j lists of jurors " and " lists of special jurors" for each barony cial jurors" of the county so furnished to and made out by him as t^vision" aforesaid, before the court (or one of the courts) at which the court register of parliamentary voters for such barony shall be revised, and of the time and place of holding such court every such clerk of the peace shall cause public notice to be given by advertisement in one or more of the newspapers circulating within such county, and shall cause a sufficient number of copies of the said notice to be printed, published, and posted in each such barony, and shall send and deliver copies thereof to all clerks of unions, poor rate collectors, and all other persons who shall have assisted or taken part in preparing any of the said lists, requiring them and each of them to attend at such court, and the said clerks of unions, poor rate collectors, and persons shall attend such court and every lawful adjournment thereof, and shall answer upon oath all such questions as shall be put to them by the chairman or banister presiding in such court, touching anything done by them in execution of the provisions of this Act; and such chairman or barrister shall, at the said court or at some lawful adjournment thereof, revise the said " general lists of jurors v and " lists of special jurors v respectively, and shall, upon sworn testimony, or any other evidence satisfactory to such chairman or barrister, amend the said lists by expunging therefrom the name of every man whose name shall appear therein respectively, who shall be exempted, or who shall not be qualified under this Act, or who from lunacy, imbecility of mind, deafness, blindness, or other permanent infirmity shall be unfit to serve as a juror, and by inserting therein the name of every man whose name shall not appear therein respectively, who shall be qualified and liable to serve as a juror under this Act, and by correcting and supplying all errors and omissions which shall be found in any of the said lists; and the said

356 Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

chairman or barrister shall write his initials against the names respectively expunged or inserted, and against any part of the said lists in which any error shall have been corrected, or any omission supplied, or any insertion made by him, and shall sign his name to every page of the several lists so settled; and when the said chairman or barrister shall have revised, settled, and signed as aforesaid all the said several lists for every barony of the county, he shall cause the same to be delivered to the clerk of the peace of the said county, who shall place and preserve the same among the records in his office, and shall allow the same to be inspected at all reasonable times, without hindrance, fee, or reward: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the revising barristers of the city of Dublin to adjourn their courts for the purpose of revising the said " general lists of jurors " and " lists of special jurors " respectively, from time to time, up to and including the fourteenth day of November in each year.

e^neralof The clerk of the peace of every county in Ireland shall,

jurorsgbook.M on or before the first day of December next after the receipt of all the said lists from such chairman or barrister, cause to be made out from all the said " general lists of jurors," for every barony of the county so delivered to him by such chairman or barrister, one true and complete list in the Form D. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, containing the names, arranged in alphabetical order of surnames, as the same would be arranged in a dictionary, and where persons have the same surname in the alphabetical order of their Christian names, and consecutively numbered, of all the persons contained in such " general lists of jurors/' with their Christian names and surnames written at full length, and with the true or last known place of abode, and the title, quality, calling, or business, and the net annual value and {dace of property of each such person, as the same are stated in such general lists of jurors/' and the said list when so made out shall be called "the general jurors book for the year " (inserting the calendar year for which such " general jurors ^parrtton of ^0" to be in use); and the said clerk of the peace shall juro^book." certify such book under his hand, signed at the foot of the last page thereof, to be " the general jurors book " for such year, and the said clerk of the peace shall also cause to be made out from all the said " lists of special jurors," for every barony of the county so delivered to him by such chairman or barrister, one true and complete list in the Form E. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, containing the names, arranged in alphabetical order as herein-before prescribed in the case of the "general jurors book," and consecutively numbered, of all the persons contained in such " special lists of jurors/' with their Christian names and surnames written at full length, and with the true or last known place of abode, and the title, quality, calling, or business, and the net annual value and place of property of each such person, as the same

S5?

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65.

are stated in such " lists of special jurors," and the said list when so made out shall be called " the special jurors book for the year " (inserting the calendar year for which such

special jurors book is to be in use), and the said clerk of the peace shall certify such book under his hand, signed at the foot of the last page thereof, to be " the special jurors book " for such year, and shall insert in a column for that purpose in the " general jurors book " the word special opposite the name of every person whose name shall appear in both books, and the said clerk of the peace shall, on or before the first day of January in every year, deliver the said "general jurors book " and u special jurors book " to the sheriff of the county, and the said books shall be brought into use on the first day of Hilary term next after they shall have been so delivered by the clerk of the peace to the sheriff, and shall be retained in the sheriffs office for a period of three years, after the expiration of which time they shall be returned by the sheriff for the time being to the clerk of the peace, who shall place and preserve the same amongst the records in his office.

14. The clerk of the peace of every borough in Ireland, not being a county of a city or county of a town, having a separate court of sessions of the peace or a court of record for the trial of civil actions, shall, within the time and with the like copy schedule annexed, and with sufficient number of like forms as is herein-before provided in the case of counties in Ireland, issue and deliver a precept, in the Form A. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed, to the clerk of each poor law union wholly or partly included within such borough, requiring each such clerk of union to prepare and return to the said clerk of the peace for each ward of the said borough within his union a true and complete list of all men between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years (except those exempted or disqualified by this Act from being returned or serving on juries) residing in such borough, rated in their own names, or as members of any firm or copartnership, in the then last rate made in such included union for the relief of the poor, in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate in such ward within such union, of the net annual value fixed for such borough in the fourth schedule to this Act, and also to perform and comply with all other the requisitions in the said precept contained, and each such clerk of union shall prepare, inscribe, sign, and deliver such list within the like time and in like manner in all respects as is herein-before provided with respect to the lists for counties in Ireland, and such list, when prepared and delivered as aforesaid, shall be called the " general list of jurors " for the ward of the said borough for which the same shall have been prepared; and the " general lists of jurors " for every ward of the said borough shall be revised and settled within the time and in the same manner in all respects as is herein-before provided

Preparation and revision of lists, and preparation of the general jurors book, in boroughs having a separate court of sessions of the peace or a court of record.

8S8 Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

in the case of counties in Ireland, by the courts at which the register of parliamentary voters for the said borough shall be revised, and of the time and place of holding such court the clerk of the peace of every such borough shall give like notice, and the like persons shall attend the said courts in the same manner in all respects as is herein-before provided in the case of counties in Ireland, and forthwith after the receipt of all the said lists from the chairman or barrister by whom the same shall have been revised, the clerk of the peace of every such borough shall make out and certify " the general jurors book " for such borough, in the same manner in all respects as is herein-before provided with respect to ''the general jurors book " in counties in Ireland, and shall insert in a column for that purpose in such book the word special opposite the name of every person whose name shall appear on the " special jurors book " of the county or counties in which such borough is situate; and "the general jurors book" for every such borough as aforesaid shall be brought into use on the first day of Hilary term next after it shall have been so made out, and shall be used until the first day of Hilary term of the year next following, and thenceforward until a new " general jurors book " shall have been in like manner made out as aforesaid.

Correction of 15. If any "general jurors book " or "special jurors book3 juronfbook1'1' ^e to contain any name which ought not, or to

and the spe- omit any name which ought to appear therein, it shall be cialjurors lawful for Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, or any

book* judge of the said court, or for the chairman of quarter sessions,

or recorder of the county or borough for which such " general jurors book " or "special jurors book''shall have been prepared, upon complaint thereof made upon oath of the fiict by any person whomsoever, to order any or every sheriff! clerk of the peace, clerk of union, or any or every other person or persons who shall have prepared or taken part in preparing such " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," to attend in person before such court, judge, chairman, or recorder, and there to produce all or any documents in the custody, possession, or procurement of any such person which such court, judge, chairman, or recorder shall require; and it upon inspection of the said " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," and examination of said persons and documents, or any of them, any defect or defects, error or errors, shall be found in the said " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," the said court, judge, chairman, or recorder shall order the same to be corrected or amended, and such correction or amendment shall be forthwith made and signed in such "general jurors book" or "special jurors book," and in the copy (if any) of such " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " by the clerk of the peace of such county or borough, in the presence of the court, judge, chairman, or recorder ordering the same; and if any such person as aforesaid shall

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65. 3S9

fail to attend when so ordered, or to produce any document required as aforesaid, or if, upon such inspection or examination as aforesaid, any such defect or defects, error or errors, shall be proved to the satisfaction of such court, judge, chairman, or recorder to have been caused by the wilful act or default, or by the culpable negligence of any one or more of the said persons, it shall be lawful for such court, judge, chairman, or recorder, in a summary way, to impose any fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds for each defect or error so caused as aforesaid upon every person wilfully or culpably causing such defect or error as aforesaid, and to direct such fine to be applied in payment of the costs of the person or persons who shall have complained of the same, or otherwise in such manner as the court, judge, chairman, or recorder inflicting the fine shall think fit.

16. The expenses of any printing done in pursuance of Payment of this Act, and any other expenses attending the execution of this Act, so far as the same shall be incurred in connexion execution of with the duties hereby imposed on the clerk of any poor this Act. law union, shall be defrayed out of the rates by the guardians of the poor of such union, and it shall be lawful for the guardians of the poor of each union by an order to make such annual allowance out of the rates to the clerks of unions, as a compensation for the duty hereby imposed upon them, as the said guardians shall think proper; but no such order shall be acted on, or any payment made thereunder, until the same shall be approved of by the Poor Law Commissioners, and the payment sanctioned by them; and the expenses of this Act, so far as the same shall be incurred in connexion with the duties hereby imposed on the clerks of the peace, shall be defrayed out of the grand jury cess; and it shall be lawful for the grand jury of every county, and for every town council empowered to make presentment, as the case may be, hum time to time at the next ensuing assizes or presenting term, and they are hereby required without previous application at presentment sessions or otherwise to present all such sums of money as they shall deem reasonable and necessary for defraying the expense of any printing done in pursuance of this Act, and any other expenses attending the execution of this Act, other than those defrayed out of the rates by the guardians of the poor, and also such sums by way of compensation to the collectors of poor rates, clerks of the peace, collector-general of rates, and revising barristers in the city of Dublin for the duties imposed upon them by this Act as the grand jury or town council empowered to make presentment, as the case may be, shall consider just and reasonable, and such sums shall be paid to such persons accordingly.

For the purposes of this Act, and the due execution of the same, the clerks of poor law unions and the collectors of poor rates within the county of the city of Dublin shall give to the

Ch. 65.

Juries (Ireland).

34 & 35 Vict.

Returning officers to have access to " the general jurors book " and the special jurors book," and all names to be returned from such books.

Sheriff shall apply for precepts.

A printed panel to be prepared and annexed to the abstract

collector-general of rates for the city of Dublin all such assistance as he may require, and shall produce to him all rate books in their or any of their custody which he may desire to

use.

17. Where any precept for the return of jurors shall he issued to any coroner, elisor, or other officer, lie shall have free access to " the general jurors book " and the special jurors book " respectively, for the current year, or for the preceding year, as he may require; and no sheriff or other officer shall in answer to any precept for the return of common or special jurors, return the name of any person not contained in "the general jurors book" or "the special jurors book" respectively, for the year current on the day named in such precept for such return: Provided always, that if there shall be no " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " respectively in existence for such current year, it shall be lawful to return jurors from "the general jurors book" and "the special jurors book" respectively for the next preceding year, and if any person or persons whose names shall not be contained in such "general jurors book" or "special jurors book " respectively shall be returned and sworn as a juror or jurors upon any trial without objection, such trial shall not be interrupted or deemed a mistrial, nor shall the verdict thereon be impeached or questioned on account of the return of such juror or jurors.

18. It shall be the duty of every sheriff within whose bailiwick any court shall be appointed to be held before which the attendance of juries may be required, to apply for and procure to be issued in sufficient time before the time appointed for bolding such court all such precepts as shall be necessary for commanding the return of jurors before such court, and immediately after the issue of any such precept the sheriff or other officer to whom the same shall be issued shall, according to the exigency of such precept, select a sufficient number of names from the "general jurors book'' or " special jurors book," as the case may be, and prepare a panel thereof, and in all cases at the time of making such selection (the said sheriff or other officer making the same shall inscribe the date thereof, and the court for which such names are selected to be retfffned as jurors opposite each of the names so selected in the proper column of the general jurors book," and if the name of the person so returned should be on the " special jurors book," snail also make like entry in "the special jurors book," and shall initial in such " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " the names selected by him, and the jurors so selected shall be summoned as herein-after provided; and a written or printed panel containing the Christian names and surnames, arranged in the order in which they are by this Act directed to be selected from the "jurors book," and the places of abode, and additions of the persons summoned, shall, seven

1871- Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65. 361

before the day named in such precept for the return of such panel, be made by such sheriff or other officer, and such panel shall contain a column in which, if any of the persons named in such panel has been previously summoned and returned as a common or special juror, or as a grand juror at any general sessions of the peace, or at the sittings of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery held at Green Street,

Dublin, during the same or the two preceding years, there shall be entered on the panel opposite such person's name the date when and the court before which such person shall have been so summoned and returned as a common or special juror, as the case may be, and such panel shall be kept in the sheriff's office of the county, and in respect of the panels for the assizes, in the office of the returning officer in Dublin, for inspection, and a printed copy of such panel shall be delivered by the sheriff or his returning officer to any party requiring the same on payment of a fee of one shilling, and a printed copy of such panel shall, in civil cases in the superior courts, be annexed to the abstract of the record for nisi prius.

19. The sheriff or other officer, in selecting the jurors to Jurors to be be returned in obedience to any precept for the return of rote°tion jurors, shall take the names of the jurors from the " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," according to the exigency of the precept, in a regular alphabetical series, returning one name from each letter in succession, beginning with the first letter, and so proceeding regularly through the letters of the alphabet from first to last as often as may be necessary, and so far as the number of names in each letter will admit, until a sufficient number of names shall have been placed on the panel; and in preparing any subsequent panel for any purpose whatsoever, the sheriff or officer making the return shall commence with the letter next following that from which the last name in the preceding panel was taken, and shall proceed in like manner through the letters, taking the names of the persons not already summoned during the current or next two preceding years so far as may be necessary, until the entire " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," as the case may be, shall have been exhausted, when he shall commence or continue with the first name in such book, and shall proceed in like manner as aforesaid through the letters, so that the name of every juror shall be returned on the panels of jurors in its proper turn and order: Provided always, further, that the sheriff or other officer shall select the persons to be returned to serve as grand jurors at general sessions of the peace, or at the sittings of the courts of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery to be holden at Green Street, Dublin, from the " special jurors book," and in case of a borough not being a county of a city or county of a town having a separate court of sessions of the peace or a court of record for the trial of civil actions from the jurors marked special on the general jurors book of H h

362 CB. 66. Juriee (Irdamcfy 34 & 35 VKft

stich borough, and if in selecting persons to serve as griad jtirors at any general sessions of the peace it shall so happen that a sufficient number of persons to serve as grand jurom it such general sessions of the peace cannot be obtained from the special jurors book, then and in that case the said sheriff or other officer shall, according to the mode of selection herein* before in this section prescribed, select from such general jurors book such further number of persons as with. those selected from the special jurors book will be sufficient to make up the number of persons to be returned to serve as grand jurors at such general sessions of the peace, and shall select the persona to be returned to serve as petit jurors at general sessions of the peace, or in the civil bill courts, or for the trial of all issues to be tried by common jurors in any of Her Majesty*! superior courts at Dublin from the "general jurors book, omitting from such selection of persons to serve as petit or common jurors all persons whose names are marked in the u general jurors book " as special jurors, as herein-before directed; and provided further, that the sheriff or other officer shall, according to the mode of selection herein-before in this section prescribed, select the persons to be returned to serve as petit or common jurors at any special commission of oyer and terminer, or at the assizes, from the general jurors book, without omitting from such selection persons whose names are marked on the general jurors book as special jurors; and the special jurors to be summoned at any assizes shall not be selected until after the said sheriff or other officer shall have selected from the general jurors book the petit or common jurors for such assizes; and provided further, that the persons to be selected to serve as grand jurors or petit jurors at any general sessions of the peace, or in any civil bill court* shall be resident within the division in and for which such Sessions or civil bill court are or is holden, and if any sheriff, coroner, or other officer shall return the name of any person to serve as a juror contrary to the provision for the returning of jurors in rotation herein-before in this section contained, the court or judge before whom such person is returned to serve as a juror shall in every such case impose a fine not exceeding five pounds upon the sheriff or other officer so returning any person to serve as a juror contrary to the said provision for the returning of jurors in rotation herein-before in this section contained, and may order such fine or portion thereof to be paid to the person so returned to serve as a juror for his expenses of attending as a juror.

Sheriff within 20. The sheriff or other officer to whom any precept shall one week have been issued for the return of jurors before any court

rptum v

of jurors to shall, within one week after he has summoned or made his send certified return of jurore in obedience to such precept, send and deliver to^erk of°el cteric of the peace of the said county a true and com *

peace* ° plete copy, certified under the hand of such sheriff or officer, of the panel of jurore summoned nr returned in obedience to

m

1871. Juries (Ireland). Off. 6$.

such precept in every case in which the sheriff does not return the original panel to the clerk of the peace, and the said clerlf of the peace shall plaoe and preserve the said copy panel along with any original panel among the records in his office,

2L The summons of every person to serve on any jury iq. Summoning any court shall be made by the proper officer, four days at of least before the day on which the attendance of such person shall be required, by delivering to the person to be summoned, or in case he shall be absent from his usual place of aboc^ by leaving with some person therein inhabiting a summon^ and every summons requiring the attendance of any person as a juror shall be duly and properly filled with the name of the juror, and shall be signed by the sheriff or other office ^, previous to such summons being delivered to the bailiff of officer for service and every bailiff or officer summoning jurors Books of under this Act shall keep a book or books in which he shall truly enter the name of every person so summoned by him, 6 eP with the day on which such summons shall be served, $nd the manner and particulars of the service thereof, and etfery sucIjl bailiff or officer shall attend, and shall (if required) produce such hook or books at the sitting of the court, and verify the same upon oath, or shall cause such book or books tp bp produced to the court in case of the unavoidable absence of such bailiff or officer, and in case of the death, illness, or unavoidable absence of such bailiff or officer, the book of such bailiff or officer, kept by him as aforesaid, verified on oath as to his handwriting by some credible person, shall (if required) be produced to the court, and shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of the several matters entered therein as aforesaid, and if any such bailiff or officer shall, without reasonable excuse, neglect to summon any juror as hereinbefore directed, or to keep such book or books, or to make such entries therein as aforesaid, or to attend the court, or produce or verify or cause to be produced the said book or books as herein-before provided, every bailiff or officer so offending may, for every such neglect, be fined by the court in a summary way in any amount not exceeding ten pounds for each such offence, with the alternative of imprisonment in default of payment of such fine for any period not exceeding seven days.

22. Provided that in the county of the city of Dublin Jurors in the jurors may be summoned as aforesaid, or in the manner fol- DuMb lowing; that is to say, the sheriff or other proper officer may be gum-make out a summons as herein-before prescribed, and such moned by summons, having the words " jury summons " legibly written p08t* or printed on the same side as the address, may be sent open by the post, prepaid and directed to the person so required to serve as a juror, at his place of abode, as described in the " general jurors book," which said summons together with a duplicate indorsed with the name and address of the juror to whom the original summons is directed, shall be taken to

Hh 2

364 -Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

the postmaster of any post office where money orders are received or paid within such hours as shall have been previously agreed upon at such post office, and under such regulations as to the registration of such summons, and the fee to be paid for such registration (which fee shall in no case exceed twopence over and above the ordinary rate of postage), as shall from time to time be made by the Postmaster General in that behalf, and in all cases in which such fee shall have been duly paid the postmaster shall compare the address of the said summons with that of the duplicate, and, on being satisfied that they are alike, shall forward the summons to its address by the post, and shall return the duplicate to the party bringing the same, duly stamped with the stamp of, the post office, and the production by the party who posted such summons of such stamped duplicate shall be evidence of the summons having been delivered at the dwelling-house of the person whose name and address are therein indorsed at the place mentioned in such indorsement on the day on which such summons would, in the ordinary course of post, have fyeen delivered, provided it shall appear that the same wa£ hot returned by the post office as undelivered, and any summons sent by the post office as before mentioned, and not so returned as undelivered, shall be considered in all respects as dtdy served, and in the event of any person to whom any summons shall be addressed being ascertained to be dead or to have permanently left the place to which such summons is addressed, the postmaster or letter carrier of the place in which the summons shall then be shall indorse thereon the reason for the non-delivery thereof, and forward the same in the usual course of post to the returned letter office in Dublin, in order that it may be returned to the sender: Provided always, that when any summons shall be Served by post two additional days shall be allowed for the transmission of such summons by post over and above the number of days required by law for the service of a summons before the aay on which the juror is required to attend, and any registration fees and postage paid by the said sheriff or other officer for the summoning of jurors by post, under the provisions of this Act, shall be defrayed in the same way as the expenses incurred by the clerk of the peace in the execution of this Act. if name shall 23. If any person shall be returned as a juror in any court jurore bookwhose name shall be on the " general jurors book," wafat of no challenge qualification shall not be a cause of challenge, nor shall any

for want of challenge be taken to any panel of jurors for want of a knight

or^jmTof^ being returned on such panel, or on the ground that the jurorfe, knight or jury or any of them, were not duly summoned, and the fact that

duly »um- the name of any person returned as a common or special

mpn juror is not on the "general jurors book" or "special jtorore

being on\he book," respectively, or that such person was returned to " general serve as a juror contrary to the provision for the returning of jurors book " jurors in rotation contained in section nineteen of this Act,

187k

Juries (Ireland).

Ch. 65.

shall be a good cause of challenge to any person so returned before any court, and any such person shall be discharged upon such challenge if the court shall be satisfied of the fact upon the production of the " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " respectively, or by such other evidence as the said court shall deem sufficient, but it shall lie on the person challenging to prove the fact, and the production of the "general jurors book " or " special jurors book" respectively delivered to the sheriff by the clerk of the peace, shall be conclusive evidence as against all parties to any issue or issues, whether civil or criminal, triable in any of the Queen's courts, and to be tried by any jurors whose names shall have been returned out of any such "general jurors book" or "Special jurors book," that such books respectively have been duly prepared and made out in accordance with this Act, and, except as aforesaid, nothing in this Act contained shall alter or affect any existing right of challenge belonging to the Crown or, to the subject, in any cause, whether civil or criminal, and whether conferred by statute or otherwise.

24. Where any bill of indictment is preferred before any court in Ireland by or on behalf of any private prosecutor, such private prosecutor shall not upon the trial of any such indictment have the right of requiring the court to order Sny juror to stand by until the panel shall have been gone through; and the power to order jurors to stand by shall be confined to prosecutions of indictments conducted by or under the directions of a law officer of the Crown, or of counsel or solicitor acting on behalf of such law officer.

25. The production of a printed copy of the Dublin Gazette, purporting to be printed and published by the Queen's authority, containing the publication of any order fla^de under the provisions of this Act, shall be conclusive evidence of all such facts and circumstances as were or shall be necessary to authorise the issuing of any such order, and every such order shall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes whatsoever to have been made in pursuance of and in conformity with the provisions of this Act.

. 26. The clerk of the peace of any county or borough may forward to the clerks of union the said precepts, together with printed copies of the second schedule of this Act and the said foipas of return, by post in a registered letter having the words 14 jury precept " legibly written or printed on the outside, and a^Irpssed to the clerk of union, and every precept delivered oj, tendered as a registered letter at the address of the clerk of up|4q|i to whom it is addressed, whether a receipt be given for tiM?s^me or not, shall be deemed to have been served on the clerk of union to whom the same was so delivered or tendered.

2ft. Whenever any person's name who has or occupies any counting-house, office, shop, or place of business in any county fif ftuWJr or ^unty of. a town, shall be on "the general brUv pr " the special jurors book " of any county of Hh 3

365

good ground of challenge.

Private prosecutors to have no right to have jurors ordered to stand by.

Printed copy of the Dublin Gazette conclusive evidence of order made in pursuance of this Act.

Precepts may be sent by registered letters.

Persons having places of business in counties of cities, towns, or bo-

3G6 Ch. 65. Juries (Iceland). 34 & 35 Vict.

roughs, may obtain exemp tion from serving on juries in the counties in which they actually reside.

a city or county of a to\vn, although such person does not actually reside in such county of a city or county of a town, and such person's name shall be also on the " general jurors book* or "the special jurors book " of the county in which such person actually resides, if such person shall desire to be exempted from the liability to serve on juries for the county in which he actually resides, and shall have obtained from the clerk of the peace of such county of a city or County of a town & certificate, in the Form F. set forth in the third schedule hereto annexed (and which certificate the said clerk of the peace is hereby required when applied to for that purpose to

S; ive to such person without fee or reward), it shall be atvful for the clerk of the peace of the county in which such person actually resides, and he is hereby required without fee or reward, on the delivery to him on or before the thirty-first day of December next after the jurors lists for the said county shall have been revised, settled, and signed as hereinbefore provided, to cause an entry to be made, certified with the date thereof under his hand opposite such persons name in the general jurors book" or " the special jurors book" of the said county, or either of the said books in which such person's name shall appear, that such person is exempted from serving as a juror under section twenty-seven of this Act; and the said clerk of the peace shall place and preserve the said certificate among the records in his office, and after the said thirty-first day of December it shall be lawful for the chairman of the county in which such person actually resides, and he is hereby required, on production to him of the said certificate at any sessions of the peace, to order the sheriff to produce "the general jurors book" and "the special jurors book " of the said county, and to order the said derk of the peace to make in the presence of the said chairman, who shall initial the same, a like entry in the said books or either of the said books in which such person's name shall appear, and to deliver the said certificate to the clerk of the peace, to be preserved among the records in his office; and after any such entry shall have been made, such person shall not be summoned or returned, or liable to serve as a juror during the time for which the book in which such entry shall have been made as aforesaid shall be in use: Provided further, that if the person exempted as aforesaid shall be on the special jurors book of the county in which such person actually resides, and he shall have obtained from the derk of the peace of such county a certificate in the Form G. set forth in the third schedule to this Act, and which certificate the said clerk of the peace is hereby required, when applied to for that purpose, to give to such person without fee or reward, it shall be lawful for the clerk of the peace of such county of a city or county of a town on or before the said thirty-first day of December, or for the judge presiding at any general sessions of the peace h olden in or for such county

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65.' 367

of a city or county of a town at any such sessions, to cause the name of such person to be inserted in its proper place in the special jurors book of such county of a city or county of a town; and every such insertion shall be initialed by the officer or judge making the same, and the certificate upon which it was made shall be preserved by the clerk of the peace among the records in his office.

28. And whereas it is desirable in certain cases to confer Power to

upon the chairman of courts of quarter sessions a power of of

postponing the holding of quarter and land sessions or courts quarter°ses-of revision beyond the day appointed therefor: Be it enacted, sions to post-that if, during the holding of the sessions or courts of re-

vision in any town or place, it shall appear to the chairman sessions ', or that the business of the sessions or courts of revision in such courts of town or place is not likely to be concluded before the time revision* appointed for holding quarter sessions, land sessions, or courts of revision in the next town or place, it shall be lawful for the chairman in open court, by writing under his hand, stating the grounds of postponement, to postpone the opening of the quarter sessions, land sessions, or court of revision in the next town or place, or all or any one or more of the succeeding towns or places, to such time as he shall name in such writing, not exceeding for any town or place three days from the time originally appointed for the holding of the said sessions or revision court therein; and the time so named shall thereupon be the time for holding such sessions or court of revision to all intents and purposes as if the same had been the time originally appointed therefor; and it shall be the duty of the clerk of the peace, by registered letter through the post office, to notify such postponement to the clerk of petty sessions in such town or place wherein the holding of the sessions shall be so postponed; and the clerk of petty sessions shall forthwith, on the receipt of such letter, cause public notice of the postponement to be posted on some conspicuous part of the court-house; and the clerk of the peace snail within ten days transmit a copy of such order of postponement to the secretary of the Lord Chancellor.

Part III. — Consolidation.

No justice to

29. No justice of the peace shall be summoned or empan- sen e as a juror

nelled or permitted to serve as a juror at any sessions of the hjs own peace, or in any civil bill court or recorder's court, within the iny^essionsM jurisdiction of which he is a justice. the peace, &c.

80. No jury process shall henceforth be necessary in any General pre-case whatsoever, but it shall be lawful and sufficient for the ^Pj^°^the judge, or any one of the judges of any of Her Majesty's 0 courts, before which the attendance of jurors shall be required, fifteen days at the least before the first day upon which such attendance shall be required, to issue a precept for the return of jurors under the band of such judge to the sheriff or other officer to whom the return of jurors shall

368 Cfl. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

belong, and from whose bailiwick or jurisdiction the attendance of jurors shall be required; and such precept shall command the sheriff or other officer to whom the same shall be issued to summon and return, on a day to be named therein for the trial of all issues, whether civil or criminal, which may come on for trial before the said court, a sufficient number of good and lawful men of the body of the county, qualified according to law, and shall not require the same to be returned from any particular venue within the county; Precept for the and whenever the attendance of special jurors shall be re-chOjurors1^' quired before any such court, such precept shall further direct the sheriff or other officer to whom the same shall be issued, to summon and return in like manner a sufficient number to be named therein, not exceeding in country cases forty-eight in all, of good and lawful men of the body of the county, qualified according to law, to serve as special jurors; and every such sheriff or other officer shall, pursuant to such precept, and without any other authority, summon and return a]l such men as he shall be so required to summon, in manner herein-before provided; and the jurors whose names are contained on any such panel as aforesaid shall, subject to all just challenges and objections, be the jurors to try the causes for which they shall be summoned respectively, and all such proceedings may be heard and taken before such juries in like manner and with the like consequences in all respects as before the passing of this Act; but such special jury need not be summoned except notice be given as provided for by section thirty-six of this Act.

General pre- 3L It shall be lawful and sufficient for any one judge of ^common*11* any of the superior courts of common law at Dublin, fifteen law at Dub. days at the least before. the commencement of each term, to

tin- issue one general precept for the return of jurors, under his

hand, to the sheriffs of the county of Dublin and county of the city of Dublin respectively, commanding each of the said sheriffs respectively to summon and return a sufficient number of common and special jurors for the trial of all issues in the superior courts of common law and Consolidated Court of Nisi Prius, which may come on for trial in any of the said courts during such term, or the sittings after such term, and the said sheriffs respectively shall, pursuant to such precept, and without any other authority, summon and return a sufficient number of such jurors accordingly, in majxner herein-before provided, and the men so summoned and returned shall be qualified and liable to serve upon all juries sworn or empannelled to try any issue or issues whatsoever which may come on for trial before any of the said courts during such term, or the sittings after such term, subject to all just challenges and objections.

Saving powers 32. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent ordermum Court of Queen's Bench, or any court of oyer and ter-

of jurors as miner, gaol delivery, or court of sessions of the peace, from heretofore.

3G9

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65.

respectively having and exercising the same power and authority as they may now have and exercise in issuing any writ or precept, or in making any award or order, orally or otherwise, for the return of a jury for the trial of any issue before any of such courts respectively, or for the amending or enlarging the panel of jurors returned for the trial of any such issue, and the return to every such writ, precept, award, or order^ and the proceedings thereOn shall be made in the manner heretofore used and accustomed in such courts respectively, save and except that the jurors shall be returned from the 'body of the county, and not from any particular vetme within the county, and shall be qualified according to this Act. , r ' 7: '* 'i; - ': ' *;

IBS. It is and shall be lawful for ariy of Her Majesty's Superior superior courts in Ireland, or for any judge of any of the said h^y^h^power courts, upon motion made On behalf of the Queen, or upon of ordering the motion1 of any prosecutor; relator, plaintiff, defendant, on special juries tritfvferser in any case whatsoever, whether civil or: criminals Or On any penal statute (excepting only mdrctfoents for treason proper officer. Oi* felony) depending in any of the said courts* and the said courts and judges respectively are hereby authorised, in any Of the cascs before mentioned, to order and appoint a special jury to be struck before the proper officer of each respective court for the trial of any issue joined in any of the said cases; and triable by a jury in such manner as herein-after directed fair the striking of special juried, and every jury so Struck shall be* the jury returned for the trial of such issue.

34. The plaintiff in any action; except for the replevin of Mode of goods. Shall be entitled to have the cause tried by a special obta^j"tt jury, Upon giving notice in writing to the defendant, at such Bpec* Jury* titne as would be necessary for a notice of trial, Of his intention that the Cause Shall be so tried, and the plaintiff in an

action for the replevin of goods, and1 the defendant in other cases, shall be so entitled on giving the like notice at least eight days before the'first day of the asstees or after sittings respectively provided that the Court Or a judge may at any time order that a cause shall be tried by a special jury, upon Stich terrris as they or he Shall think fit.

35. Where the defendant in any case, or plaintiff in an Remedy for action for the replevin of goods, gives notice of his intention ^1^.^notice to try the cause by a special jury, the court, or a judge, if special jury, satisfied that such notice is given for the purpose of delay;

may order that the cause be tried by a common jury, or may make such other order as to the trial of the cause as such court or judge shall think fit.

86. Where notice has been given to try by special jury, to either party may, eight days before the first day of the sit- ^rby°special tings in Dublin or commission day of the assizes, give notice jury, to the sheriff that such action is to be tried by a special jury, and in case no such notice be given, or the notice has not been given in sufficient time, no special jmy need be summoned or

370 Ch. 65. Jv/riea (Ireland), 34 & 35 Vkjt,

Costs of special jury.

View jury to be by rule.

Special juries may be struck according to old practice.

attend, and the cause may be tried by a common jury, unless otherwise ordered by the court or a judge.

37. The person or party who shall apply for a special jury shall pay the fees for striking such special jury, and all the expenses occasioned by the trial of the cause by the same, and shall not have any further or other allowance for the same upon taxation of costs than such person or party would be entitled unto in case the cause had been tried by a common jury, unless the judge before whom the cause is tried shall, within a reasonable time after the trial, certify under his hand, upon the back of the record, that the same was a cause proper to be tried by a special jury.

38. A writ or clause of view shall not be necessary or used, but, whether the view is to be bad by a common or special jury, it shall be sufficient to obtain a rule of the court or a judge's order directing a view to be had, and directing the sheriff to have six or more of the jurors named in the panel chosen by consent, or, if the parties cannot agree, nominated by the proper officer of the court at the place iu question some convenient time before the trial; and the viewers shall have the place shown to them by two persons to be named in the order, and to be appointed by the court or a judge; and the sheriff, upon request, shall deliver to either party the names of the viewers, and shall also return their names to the registrar, for the purpose of their being called as jurymen upon the trial.

39. Whenever any of Her Majesty's superior courts in Ireland, or any judge of any of the superior courts, shall order a special jury to be struck before the proper officer of such court, such officer shall appoint a time and place for the nomination of such special jury, and a copy of the rule of court and of such officer's appointment shall be served on the sheriff of the county in which the trial is to be had, and also on all the parties who have usually been served with the same respectively in the accustomed manner, and the said officer at the time and place appointed being attended by sucth sheriff or his agent, who are hereby respectively required to bring with them "the special jurors book" or a true copy thereof, signed by such sheriff, in which copy the said sheriff shall have written his initials opposite the name of every person whom he shall have previously summoned and returned to serve as a juror during the same or the two preceding years, and the said officer at the time and place appointed by him for that purpose shall cause the several numbers prefixed to each name (opposite to which the said sheriff shall not have written his initials) in the said " special jurors book," or the copy thereof furnished to the said officer as aforesaid, to be written on distinct pieces of parchment or cards, and shall in the presence of all the parties in any of the cases aforesaid, and of their attorneys if they respectively choose to attend, or if the said parties or their attorneys, all, or any of them, do not attend, then in

L.

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65.

their absence, put all the said numbers into a box to be by him provided for that purpose, and after having shaken them together, shall draw out of the said box forty-eight of the said numbers, one after another, and shall as each number is drawn, refer to the corresponding number in the special jurors book," or said copy thereof, and read aloud the name designated by such number, and if at the time of so reading any name either party or his attorney shall object that the man whose name shall have been so referred to is in any manner incapacitated from serving on the said jury, and shall also then and there prove the same to the satisfaction of the said officer, such name shall be set aside, and the said officer shall instead thereof draw out of the said box another number, and shall in like manner refer to the corresponding number in "the special jurors book," or said copy thereof, and read aloud the name designated thereby, which name may be in like manner set aside, and other numbers and names shall in every such case be resorted to, according to the mode of proceeding hereinbefore described for the purpose of supplying names in the places of those set aside, until the whole number of forty-eight names not liable to be set aside shall be completed. And if in any case it shall so happen that the whole number of forty-eight names cannot be obtained from the numbers put into the said box as aforesaid, then and in that case the said officer shall cause the several numbers prefixed to each name (opposite which the said sheriff shall have written his initials) in the special jurors book," or said copy thereof, to be written on distinct pieces of parchment or card, and shall put all the said last-mentioned numbers into the said box, and after having shaken them together shall, according to the mode of proceeding herein-before described for the purpose of supplying names in the places of those set aside, draw the said numbers out of the said box until the whole number of forty-eight names not liable to be set aside shall be completed; and if in any case it shall so happen that the whole forty-eight names cannot be obtained from " the special jurors book," then and in that case the said officer shall fairly and indifferently take, according to the mode of nomination heretofore pursued in nominating special juries, such a number of names of the highest rated persons (whose names are not contained in C% the special jurors book," and opposite which names the said sheriff shall not have written his initials) from " the general jurors book," and which said " general jurors book" such sheriff is hereby required to produce if called upon to do so by such officer, as shall be required to make up the full number of forty-eight names; all and every of which forty-eight names shall in such case be equally deemed and taken to be those of special jurors. And the said officer shall afterwards make out for each party a list of the forty-eight names in the order in which they shall have been drawn as aforesaid, together with their respective places of abode and additions; and all

372

Penalty on

defaulting

jurors.

Names of jurors to be balloted for.

Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict *

the subsequent proceedings for reducing said list of forty-eight names, and all other matters whatsoever relating to special juries, shall remain and continue in force as heretofore, except where the same or any part thereof is expressly altered by this Act; and all the fees heretofore legally payable on the striking of special juries shall continue to be paid in the accustomed manner. And it shall be lawful for the sheriff or other officer to summon and return as such special jurors any of the persons named in the said list when so reduced, although such person may have been previously during the current year, or such prescribed period as herein-before mentioned, summoned and returned to serve as a juror.

40. If any man having been duly summoned to attend on any jury shall not attend in pursuance of such summons, or being thrice called shall not answer to his name, or if any such man, or any talesman, after having been called, shall be present but not appear, or after his appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself from the presence of the court, the court shall set such fine as the court shall think meet upon every such man or talesman making default, unless some reasonable excuse shall be proved by oath or affidavit, as the court shall think meet: Provided that where any viewer, having been duly summoned to attend on any jury, shall make default as aforesaid, the court is hereby authorised and required to set upon such viewer (unless some reasonable excuse shall be proved as aforesaid) a fine to the amount of ten pounds at the least, and as much more as the court under the circumstances of the particular case shall think proper.

4L The name of each man who shall be summoned and i empannelled either as a common or special juror in any court of assize or nisi prius, with the place of his abode and addition, shall be written on a distinct piece of parchment or card, being all as nearly as may be of an equal size, which shall be delivered unto the clerk or registrar of the judge who is to try the cause by the sheriff or other officer returning the process, and shall, by direction and care of such clerk or registrar, be put together in a box to be provided for that purpose; and when any issue shall be brought on to be tried, such clerk or registrar shall in open court draw out twelve of the said parchments or cards, one after another, after having shaken them together, or, in cases where any view shall have been directed and had as aforesaid, so many as, together with the viewers who shall appear and shall be sworn, shall be sufficient to make up the number of twelve; and if any of the men whose names shall be so drawn shall not appear, or shall be challenged and set aside, then such further number, until twelve men, or such other number as, together with such viewers so appearing and sworn as aforesaid, shall make up the number of twelve, be drawn, who shall appear, and who, after all just causes of challenge allowed, shall remain as fair and indifferent; and the said twelve men, and their names being marked in the

373

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65.

panel, and they being sworn, shall be the jury to try the issue; and the names of the men so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves until such jury shall have given in their verdict and the same shall be recorded, or until such jury shall, by consent of the parties or by leave of the court, be discharged, and then the same names shall be returned to the box, there to be kept with the other names remaining at that time undrawn, and so toties quoties as long as any issue remains to be tried: Provided always, if any issue shall be brought on to be tried in any of the said courts before the jury in any other issue shall have brought in their verdict or been discharged, it shall be lawful for the court to order twelve of the residue of the said parchments or cards not containing the names of any of the jurors who shall not have so brought in their verdict or been discharged, to be drawn in such manner as aforesaid for the trial of the issue which shall be so brought on to be tried: Provided also, that when both parties shall consent thereto, the court may try any issue with the same jury that shall have previously tried or been drawn to try any other issue, without their names being returned to the box and redrawn, or order the name or names of any man or men on such jury, whom both parties may consent to withdraw, or who may justly be challenged or excused by the court, to be set aside, and another name or other names to be drawn from the box and try the issue with the residue of such original jury and with such man or men whose name or names shall be so drawn, and who shall appear and be approved as indifferent, and so toties quoties as long as any issue remains to be tried.

42. Where a full jury shall not appear before any court of assize or nisi prius in any criminal prosecution properly triable in such court or in any suit or action, or where, after appearance of a full jury, by challenge of any of the parties the issue is likely to remain untaken for default of jurors, every such court, upon request made for the Queen by any one thereto authorised, or assigned by the court, in cases of such criminal prosecutions as aforesaid, or on request made by the parties, plaintiff or defendant, or their respective attorneys, in any action or suit, shall command the sheriff or other officer to whom the making of the return shall belong to name and appoint, as often as need shall require, twelve other able men of the county then present; and the sheriff or other officer to whom the making of the return shall belong aforesaid, shall at such command of the court return twelve such men duly qualified who shall be present or can be found to serve on such jury, and shall add and annex their names to the former panel: Provided that where a special jury shall have been struck for the trial of any issue, the talesmen shall be such as shall be upon the common jury panel to serve at the same court, if a sufficient number of such men can be found; and the names of the persons so to be named, with their additions I i

Tales de circumstantibus.

Sheriff indemnified for returning names contained in " jurors books."

Fines imposed on sheriffs and other officers for misconduct.

No money to be taken by any officer to excuse persons from serving. None to be summoned but those named in the warrant. Penalties for neglect or misconduct

Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

and places of abode, shall be written on several distinct pieces of parchment or card, being all as near as may be of equal size, and shall be delivered to the clerk or registrar of the judge before whom such issue is to be tried, by the sheriff or other officer to whom the returning of such jury shall belong, and shall, by the direction and care of such clerk or registrar, be rolled up as near as may be in the same maimer, and put together in a box or drawer, and shaken together, and the said clerk or registrar or other indifferent person, by direction of the court, in open court, shall draw out such pieces of parchment or card, one after another, until a number shall appear which shall be sufficient, with those of the original panel who appear to make up the number of twelve, who shall be the jury to try the said issue; and the Queen, by any one so authorised or assigned as aforesaid, and all and every the parties aforesaid, shall and may, in each of the cases aforesaid respectively, have their respective challenges to the jurors so added and annexed; and the court shall proceed to the trial of every such issue with those jurors who were before empannelled, together with the talesmen so newly added and annexed, as if all the said jurors had been returned upon the precept awarded to try the issue.

43. Every sheriff and other officer to whom the return of juries shall belong shall be and is hereby indemnified for empannelling and returning any man named in the " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," although he may not be qualified or liable to serve on juries; and if any sheriff or other such officer shall empannel and return any man to serve on any jury before any court (except the grand jury at any assizes), such man's name not being inserted in the general jurors book " or " special jurors book " for the current year, or if said " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " has not been delivered, then in the " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " last delivered, or if any officer of any court shall wilfully record the appearance of any person so summoned and returned who did not really appear, in every such case the court shall, upon examination in a summary way, set such fine upon such officer so offending as the court shall think meet.

44. No sheriff, coroner, elisor, bailiff, or other office: or person whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, take or receive any money or other reward, or promise of money or reward, or any consideration whatsoever, or the promise of any consideration, to excuse any man from serving or from being summoned to serve on juries, or under any such colour or pretence; and no bailiff' or other officer appointed by any sheriff, coroner, or elisor to summon juries, shall summon, any man to serve thereon, other than those whose names are specified in a warrant or mandate signed by such sheriff, coroner, or elisor, and directed to such bailiff or other officer; and if any sheriff, coroner, elisor, bailiff, or other officer shall

1871. Junes (Ireland). Ch. 65. 375

wilfully transgress in any of the cases aforesaid, or shall neglect to summon any juror any number of days less than the number herein-before appointed for that purpose, the court within whose jurisdiction such offence shall have been committed may and is hereby required, on examination and proof of such offence in a summary way, to set such a fine upon every person so offending as the court shall think meet, according to the nature of the offence.

45. If any clerk of a poor law union, or any collector- Penalties for general of rates for the city of Dublin, or any poor rate prepaxettste collector, shall refuse or neglect (unless prevented by sickness) &c. to prepare or assist in preparing, or to deliver to the clerk of the peace, any list required by this Act, so that the same shall not be made out and delivered at the time and in the manner herein-before directed, or shall wilfully omit out of any such list the name of any man whose name ought to be inserted therein, or shall wilfully insert therein the name of any man whose name ought to be omitted therefrom, or shall take any money, reward, or promise of money or reward, or other consideration, for omitting or inserting any man whatsoever, or shall wilfully insert therein a wrong description of the name, place of abode, title, quality, calling, or business, or of the nature or amount of the qualification of any man, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect, in case the number of forms of returns delivered by the clerk of the peace shall be insufficient, to apply to the clerk of the peace for a sufficient number, so that the said lists may be made out at the time and in the manner herein-before directed, or shall, after due notice, refuse or wilfully neglect to produce any rate book or other book or document which he may be required to produce before any such court as aforesaid, or to answer on oath such questions touching the same as shall be there put, or to attend before such court or any such adjournment thereof as aforesaid, every such person offending in any of the foregoing cases shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding fifty pounds nor less than forty shillings, at the discretion of the court or judge before whom such offender shall be convicted.

46. If any clerk of the peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect Penalties on to cause a sufficient number of precepts or forms of return to g^ffe, be printed in the manner herein-before directed, or shall refuse &c. for neg-or wilfully neglect to issue and deliver to any clerk of a poor lect* law union or collector-general within the meaning of this Act, the precepts, as herein-before directed, or to annex to the same printed copies of the second schedule of this Act, or to issue and deliver with the said precept such a number of the forms of return as he shall bona fide deem sufficient, or to deliver to any clerk of a poor law union or collector-general such additional number thereof as he may apply for, within three days after such application, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to prepare a " general jurors book " and " special jurors book "

376

Qualification of jurors on writs of inquiries, &c.

This Act not to extend to coroners inquests, &c.

Ch. 65. Juries (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

within the time and in the manner and form herein-before prescribed, or to deliver the same to the sheriff within the time herein-before prescribed; or if any clerk of the peace or sheriff shall make or cause to be made any alteration whatsoever in any " general jurors book " or " special jurors book," except in the cases herein-before provided for, or shall wilfully write or cause to be written in any " general jurors book " or u special jurors book " the name of any person whose name ought to be omitted therefrom, or shall wilfully omit or cause to be omitted thereout the name of any person whose name ought to be inserted therein, or if any sheriff shall neglect or refuse to write or cause to be written and delivered the several names of the persons empannelled upon distinct pieces of parchment or card as herein-before directed, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect, within ten days after the next succeeding sheriff shall have entered upon office, to deliver over to him the " general jurors books" and " special jurors books" respectively, which shall have been delivered to him by the clerk of the peace or preceding sheriff, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse, within fourteen days after the commencement of any year, to deliver and return to the clerk of the peace any " general jurors book " or " special jurors book " which he is bound to return to the clerk of the peace after three years, in pursuance of the provisions of section thirteen of this Act, every such clerk of the peace or sheriff offending in any of the said cases shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall be to the use of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety, with full costs, to any person who shall sue for the same by a personal action in any of Her Majesty's courts of record at Dublin.

47. No man shall be summoned or empannelled to serve as a juror in any county in Ireland upon any inquest or inquiry to be taken or made by or before any sheriff or coroner, by virtue of any writ of inquiry, or by or before any commissioner or commissioners appointed under the great seal or the seal of the Court of Exchequer, or by or before any justice, master, or other officer of any of Her Majesty's superior courts, who shall not be duly qualified according to this Act to serve as a juror upon trials at nisi prius in such county: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to term, grand juries in the Court of Queen's Bench, grand juries at assizes or at any special commission of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, or to any inquest of the death of any person to be taken by or before any coroner by virtue of his office, or to any inquest or inquiry to be taken or made by or before any sheriff or coroner of any liberty, franchise, city, borough, or town corporate not being counties, but that the sheriffs and coroners in all such cases to which this Act doth not extend as aforesaid shall and may

1871. Juries (IrelaTid). Qh.65. 377

respectively take and make all inquests and inquiries by jurors of the same description as they have been used and accustomed to do before the passing of this Act.

48. If any man, having been duly summoned and returned Sheriffs, to serve as a juror upon any inquest or inquiry before any co!?n?r8!.

i nr> i o /« 11 p, commissioners

sheriff or coroner, or before any of the commissioners aforesaid, may fine

shall not, after being openly called three times, appear, and jurors for non-

service of such summons be duly proved, every such sheriff, attendance *

and such coroner and commissioner respectively, are hereby

authorised and required, unless some reasonable excuse shall be proved on oath or affidavit, to impose such fine upon every man so making default as they shall respectively think fit, not exceeding five pounds; and every such sheriff, coroner, and

commissioner respectively shall make out and sign a certificate

containing the Christian and surname, the residence, and trade

or calling of every man so making default, together with the

amount of the fine imposed, and the cause of such fine, and shall transmit such certificate to the clerk of the peace for the place in which every such defaulter shall reside, on or before the first day of the quarter sessions next ensuing; and every such clerk of the peace is hereby required to copy the

fines so certified on the record on which all fines and forfeitures

imposed at such quarter sessions shall be copied, and the same shall be estreated, levied, ^and applied in like manner, and

subject to the like powers, provisions, and penalties in all

respects, as if they had been part of the fines imposed at such

quarter sessions.

49. Notwithstanding anything herein contained, every Embracery person who shall be guilty of the offence of embracery, and every juror who shall wilfully or corruptly consent thereto, able by fine shall and may be respectively proceeded against by indict- and imprisonment or information, and be punished by fine and imprisonment, ment* in like manner as every such person and jurors might have been before the passing of this Act. pme8

50. All fines and penalties incurred or imposed under this le^ Act by any court or judge shall be levied and recovered and vided by "Fines applied as by " The Fines Act (Ireland), 1851," is provided. ^1$relwid

51. Where any jury shall be empannelled and sworn to try pow^r to any issue of treason or felony in any court-house of any county, juries to the which court-house shall be situate within or shall adjoin a aborning different county, if it shall become necessary to keep such

jury together for any night or nights, or for any Sunday, it necessary to shall be lawful for the court to direct that such jury shall be keeP thew taken for such night or nights, or such Sunday, to any together* convenient place to be named by the court within such surrounding or adjoining county, and such jury in going to, remaining at, and returning from such place shall be kept in the like custody, and treated in all respects in the same manner, and all officers intrusted with the duty of keeping such jury together shall have the same powers as if such

Ii 3

Power to the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council to vary time for discharging duties connected with preparation and revision of jurors lists for first occasion after Act passed.

Off. 65. Juries (Ireland'). 34 & 35 Vict.

surrounding or adjoining county formed part of the county to which such court-house shall belong.

52. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, by and with the advice and consent of the Privy Council in Ireland, by an order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, to prescribe that a different time from that herein-before in this Act prescribed for the issuing of the precept to the clerks of unions, and for the making out and delivery by the said clerks of unions of the jurors lists, and the preparation of the special jurors lists by the clerks of the peace, and the revision of the said lists, and the preparation and delivery of the " general jurors book " and " special jurors book " to the sheriff for the first occasion of their several duties being discharged under this Act; and this Act (except so far as it relates to the steps necessary to be taken prior to such delivery of the said books) shall commence and take effect on the first day of the term next after the delivery of the said books.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts and Parts of Acts to be repealed, so far as in the foregoing

Act is declared.

Statute. Title of Statute. Extent of Repeal.

No. 1. No. 1. No. 1.

40 George 3. c. 72. (Irish). ' An Act for the better regulation of trials by jury in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, during The whole Act, except

the 7th section.

term, and in the sittings after term."

No. 2. No. 2. No. 2.

3 & 4 William 4. " An Act for consolidating and amending The whole Act, except

c. 91. the laws relative to jurors and juries in the 47th and 50th

Ireland." sections.

No. 3. No. 3. No. 3.

4 William 4. c. 8. " An Act to amend an Act passed in the last session for consolidating and amending the laws relative to jurors and juries in Ireland." The whole Act.

No. 4. No. 4. No. 4.

2 & 3 Victoria," An Act to amend two Acts of the third The whole Act.

c. 48. and fourth, and fourth and fifth years

of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the laws relative to jurors and juries in Ireland."

No. 5. No. 5. No. 5.

3 & 4 Victoria, "An Act for the regulation of municipal Section 179, so far as

c. 108. corporations in Ireland." relates to the qualification of jurors.

No. 6. No. 6. No. 6.

8 & 9 Victoria," An Act for making further regulations for The whole Act.

c. 67. more effectually securing the correctness of the jurors books in Ireland."

i

1871. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 65. 379

Statute. Title of Statutes Extent of Repeal.

No. 7. No. 7. No. 7.

12 & 13 Victoria," An Act to provide for the collection of Section 87 of this Act,

c. 91. rates in the city of Dublin." by which the collector-general of the city of Dublin is required to make out the lists of persons liable to serve on juries.

No. 8. No. 8. No. 8.

16 & 17 Victoria," An Act to amend the procedure in the Section 109, section 110,

c. 113. superior courts of common law ni Ireland" section 111, section 112, section 113, section 114, section 115, section 116, and section 117 *

No. 9. No. 9. No. 9.

31 & 32 Victoria, An Act to amend the laws relating to petit Section of this Act.

C. 7& juries in Ireland."

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Exemption from serving on Juries.

Peers.

Members of Parliament.

Clergymen in Holy Orders and other persons who shall teach or preach in any religious congregation, and who do not follow any secular occupation except that of schoolmaster.

Persons holding any paid, judicial, or other office belonging to any court of justice in Ireland.

Persons of the following professions actually practising *

Barristers-at-law.

Attorneys and solicitors.

Licensed medical practitioners.

Apothecaries duly certified.

Civil engineers.

Public notaries and actuaries entitled to grant statutable certificates.

Professors, schoolmasters, or teachers, in any college, academy, or school.

Persons holding any'public office under Her Majesty's Government, or any public department, or under any local authority, and paid from taxes, general or local.

Persons licensed to sell or distribute stamps, and other public officers paid by authorised fees or percentage.

Masters of vessels and duly licensed pilots.

And persons heretofore exempted by virtue of any prescription, charter, grant, writ, or local Act of Parliament.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Form A.

Precept for the Return of Lists of Jurors.

0) [Cooney of the city of

---, county of the town

of---, <w borough of — — ,

«Ai ease may be,]

(*) [County of the city of

---, county of the town

of —, or borough of —, at the ease may be.]

County of (*)

To the Clerk of the Poor Law Union of in the said county of (2)

You are hereby required, on or before the first day of August in this present year, to prepare a complete and true

380

CH. 65.

Juries (Ireland).

34435 Vict.

(*) " Ward," »i« oountiot of cities, counties of towns, or boroughs.

(*) [County of the city of

----, oounty of the town

of---, or borough of — — ,

as the case mayoe.]

(») [County of the dty of

----, oounty of the town

of---, or borough of--,

as the case may be.]

(«) "Ward, '* in counties of cities, counties of towns, or boroughs.

0) County of a city .county or a town, or borough, as the case may be, (8>County of a city, county of a town, or borough.

0)Ward," in counties of cities, or counties of towns, or boroughs.

(w) County of a dty, oounty of a town, or borough.

in writing, according to the form sent herewith, for barony, (*) division of a barony, or other district of the

list in writin each

said county (4) within the said union, of the names of all men rated for the relief of the poor within said union, who are qualified and liable to serve as jurors for the said county of (6), that is to say, a complete and true list for each barony, (6) division of a barony, or other district of the said county, (7) containing the name of every man between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years who resides within the said county, (7) or who has, or uses for the purposes of any trade or business, any counting-house, office, shop, store, or place of business within the said county, (8) although such man may not reside therein, provided that he reside within twelve statute miles therefrom, who is, either in. his own name or as a member of a firm or copartnership, rated in the last rate made in said union for the relief of the poor in respect of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate in such barony, (9) division of a barony, or other district of the said county(10) within the said union of the net annual value of [thirty]* pounds or upwards, and yon are required to prepare the said list in alphabetical order of surnames, and consecutively numbered, and write the Christian name and surname of every man at full length, with his true or last known place of abode and the place of his rated property, his title, quality, calling, or business, and the annual value of his rated property, in the proper columns of the forms sent herewith, and if you have not a sufficient number of forms you must apply to me for more; and in preparing the said list you are to omit the names of all men who are described in the second schedule of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871 (a copy of which schedule is annexed to this precept), and of all aliens and persons attainted or convicted of any treason or felony, or convicted of any crime that is infamous, unless having obtained a free pardon, or who are under outlawry by virtue of any criminal process; and you are required on or before the first day of August in the present year to deliver the said list, with a declaration at the foot or end of the Said list signed by the poor rate collector or collectors by whose assistance you may have prepared the said list, that the true or last known place of abode, and the title, quality, calling, or business^ of each of the persons named in the said list are, so far as relates to each of their respective districts of collection, fully and truly stated therein, and with a further declaration at the foot or end of said list, signed by you, that the said list has been fully and correctly prepared by you from the rate books of the said union, in pursuance of the provisions of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, to the clerk of the peace of the said county, (n) and you are hereby required, within twenty-one days after the delivery of the said list to the said clerk of the peace, to cause a sufficient number of copies of the said list to be printed, published, and pCsted within the barony (u) for which the said list shall have been prepared, and you are further required to attend the chairman or revising

Insert here the amount of net annual value fixed for such county, county of a dty, or county of a town, or borough, as the case may be, as the proper qualification of jurors by the Fourth Schedule to this Act

(») [County of the dty. oounty of the town, or borough, as the case may

(") tin counties of cities, counties of towns, or boroughs, ''Ward"]

(") [County of the city, county of the town, or borough, as the ease may

be.]

barrister of the said county, (18) and produce the rate books of the said union at any of the courts to be held for the revision of the said list, of the time and place of holding which you shall be previously informed, and there to answer on oath such questions as shall be put to you by such chairman or revising barrister then present touching the said list, and those several matters you are in nowise to omit upon the peril that may ensue.

Given under my hand at, in the said

county of (14) this day of, in the

year

P4) [County of the dty, county of the town, or borough, as the case man

Clerk of the Peace for the said county of (14) ,

Form B.

P) [County of the city of —, or county of the

town of--, or borough

of —, as the case may be.]

(*) [Barony, division of n barony, or other district, and in counties of cities, or counties of towns, or boroughs, Ward."]

County of (l) and Poor Law Union of

" General List of Jurors " for the (2) the said county, prepared this day of

18, by the clerk of the said union.

in

Consecutive Numbers. {Surnames, in alphabetical Order. Christian Names. Places of Abode. Barony, Half-barony, or Ward in which Place of Abode is situate. Titles Quality, Calling, or Business. Annual Value of rated Property. Place of Property.

w

We, the undersigned collectors of poor rate, hereby declare that the true or last known place of abode, and the title, quality, calling, or business, of each of the persons named in the above list are, so far as relates to each of our respective districts of collection, fully and truly stated therein.

Dated this day of, in the year

' | Collectors of Poor Rate.

I, the undersigned clerk of union, do hereby declare that the above " General List of Jurors " has been fully and truly prepared by me from the rate books of the union, in pursuance of the provisions of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871.

Dated this day of, in the year

__________Clerk of the Union.

382

Ch. 65,

Juries (Ireland). Form C.

34 & 35 Vict.

Conner of and Poor Law Union of.

(>) [Barony, division of. "List of Special Jurors " for the Q) in

* 6 said county, prepared this day of

town," Ward."] 18, by the Clerk of the Peace for said

Consecutive1 Sur^mea Numbers. Christian Names. Places of Abode. Barony, Half-barony, or Ward in which Place of Abode is situate. Title, Quality, Calling, or Business. y Annual Value of rated Property. PI toe of Property,

1

(-) [Division of a barony,

or in a county of a city, or county of a town, "Ward"]

I, the undersigned Clerk of the Peace of the county of, do hereby declare that the above " List of Special

Jurors " has been fully and correctly prepared by me from the General List of Jurors " for the said barony of (*) in pursuance of the provisions of "The Juries Act (Ireland), 1871."

Dated this day of, in the

year

Clerk of the Peace.

Form D.

coumyU^ho1^ "General Jurors Book" for the (*) , for

of —, or borough of —, the year 18 ,

as the case may be, J

Con-secutivei Num-; bers. Surnames *n, alphabetical Order. Christian Names. Places of Abode. Barony, Half-barony, or Ward in which Place of Abode is situate. If in " Special Jurors Book." Title, Quality, Calling, or Business. A-nminl Value of rated Property. Place of Property. Returned to save as a Juror.

Assizes, Sessions, or Court. Bate.

. - -j - i i i; 1 1 1 i 1 1

C*65.

383

Juries (Ireland) *

Form E.

ofth8 " Special Jurors Book " for the county of (!)

town of-, as the ease for the year 18

msybe. 4

Form F.

Pj or county of the town County of the city of Q)

I, the undersigned Clerk of the Peace, hereby certify (*)[Juror.] that (2) name is on "The General Jurors

<*)\hocording as the fact Book " and " The Special Jurors Book "(3) for the

M [Of oonntv Of the town f°"nl7 ?f tthe c% °.f (0 . and.tha} the P1 *

of —, as the case may of abode of the said juror is in the county of, and his title, quality, calling, or business is

that of, and this certificate is given by me for the purpose of enabling the said to be exempted

from serving on juries in the county of, pursuant to the provision contained in section twenty-seven of "The Juries Act (Ireland), 1871."

Dated this day of, in the year

__________Clerk of the Peace of

To, Esq., Clerk of the

Peace of the county of

Form G.

County of .1, the undersigned Clerk of the Peace, hereby certify

that [juror's] name is on " The Special Jurors Book " for the said

county, and that the place of abode of the said juror is,

in this county, and his title, quality, calling, or business is that of,

and the net annual value of rated property, and (dace of the property, as the same appears in the Special Jurors Book, is £, at

Dated this day of, in the year

Clerk of the Peace of

To, Esq.,

Clerk of the Peace of the county of city of,

or county of the town of

384 Ch. 65. Jw'ie8 (Ireland). 34 & 35 Tict.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

The net annual value of the property qualification of jurors shall be as follows:

CLASS I. In the counties of —

Antrim,

Cork,

Down,

Dublin,

Kildare,

Kilkenny,

Limerick, Meath, Tipperary, Westmeath, and Wexford.

CLASS II.

In the counties of —

Armagh, Carlow, Cavan, Clare, Donegal, Fermanagh, Galway,

Monaghan, Queen's County, Roscommon, Sligo,

Tyrone, Waterford, and Wicklow;

Icing's County, And in the county

Kerry, Londonderry, Longford, Louth,

Mayo,

of the cities of — Dublin,

Cork,

Limerick, and Waterford.

A net annual value of £20 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of £12 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

A net annual value of £20 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties.

CLASS III.

In the county of Leitrim; and in The county of the city of Kilkenny, The county of the town of Carrickfergus,

The county of the town of Drogheda, and The county of the town of Galway.

CLASS IV.

A net annual value of £15 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties.

In any borough (other than those specified above) having a separate court of sessions of the peace or a court of record for the trial of civil actions.

A net annual value of £20 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any such borough.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

The net annual value of the property qualification of special jurors shall be is follows:

CLASS I.

In the counties of —

Cork, Meath,

Down, Tipperary, and

Kildare, Westmeath.

Limerick,

A net annual value of £100, or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties.

CLASS II.

In the counties of —

Antrim, Armagh, Carlow,

Cavan,

Clare,

Donegal, Dublin, Fermanagh, Galway,

Kerry, Kilkenny, Fang's County,

Louth,

Mayo,

Monaghan,

Queen's County, Roscommon,

Sligo,

Tyrone,

Waterford, Wexford, and Wicklow; and in Co. of the city of Cork, and

Londonderry, Co. of the city of Longford, Dublin.

A net annual value of £50 and upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties.

CLASS III.

In the county of the city of Limerick.

CLASS IV.

In the county of Leitrim,

County of the city of Waterford, County of the city of Kilkenny, County of the town of Carrickfergus,

County of the town of Drogheda, and

County of the town of Galway.

A net annual value of £40 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties.

A net annual value of £30 or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties.

CHAP. 66.

An Act to amend and define the Law relating to Private Chapels, and to Chapels belonging to Colleges, Schools, Hospitals, Asylums, and other public institutions.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to " certain chapels:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The bishop of the diocese within which any chapel belonging to any college, school, hospital, asylum, or public or charitable institution is situated, whether consecrated or unconsecrated, may license a clergyman of the Church of certain private England to serve such chapel and administer therein the chApels; sacrament of the Lords Supper, and perform such other offices and services of the Church of England as shall be specified in such license, provided that the bishop shall not include in any [tfo. 33. Price 2d.] K k

Bishop may license clergyman of Church of England to

and revoke such license.

Status of

minister, and saving of rights of incumbent.

Offertory.

[Short title.]

[Short title.]

Provision for representation of new and altered wards in Municipal Boroughs.

Ch. 66, 67. Private Chapels. 34 & 35 Tld

such license the solemnization of marriage^ and may, if he think fit, revoke the same at any time.

2. The minister officiating in such chapel shall, with respect to the performance of the offices and services of the Church specified in such license, be subject to no oontrol or interference on the part of the incumbent of the parish or district in which such chapel is situate; but nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the right of such incur* bent to the entire cure of souls throughout such parish or district elsewhere than within such institution and the chapel thereof

3. The offertory and alms collected at any chapel subject to the provisions of this Act shall be disposed of as the minister thereof shall determine, subject to the direction of the ordinary.

4. This Act may be cited as " The Private Chapels Act, 1871."

CHAP. 67.

An Act to amend the Municipal Corporation Act of 1859, with respect to the division of Boroughs into Wards.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the law relating to municipal elections in England and Wales, so rar as regards the division of certain boroughs into wards, should be amended:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Municipal Corporations Act, 1859, Amendment Act."

2. Section four of "The Municipal Corporation Act, 1859* is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted as follows:

On the division of any borough into wards, the revising barrister shall apportion all the councillors for such borough amongst the wards into which it shall have been so divided; and in case of the alteration of the number and boundaries of the wards of any borough already divided into wards, the revising barrister shall apportion the councillors for the wawfe so altered amongst the new wards in such manner as to provide, so far as may be practicable, for such councillors continuing to represent as large a number as possible of their former constituents; and every councillor for the borough so divided, or for the wards so altered, as the case may be, shall hold his office in the ward to which he may be assigned by the revising barrister for the same time that he would have held it had the said borough or wards remained undivided or unaltered.

1871.

Glasgow Boundary.

Ch. 68.

387

CHAP. 68.

An Act to determine the Boundaries of the Barony and Regality of Glasgow for purposes of Registration.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS by the third section of The Land Registers " (Scotland) Act, 1868, it is enacted that for the purposes of the said Act the barony and regality of Glasgow shall be treated as a county; but doubts are entertained as to the boundaries of said barony and regality:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1. For the purposes of the recited Act, the barony and regality of Glasgow shall be deemed and taken to include the parishes of Glasgow Barony, JMaryhill, Shettleston, Spring-bum, Calton, Govan, Gorbals, and Cadder; and for the purposes of said Act no part of the parish of Old Monkland shall be deemed or taken to be within said barony or regality, but the entire parish of Old Monkland shall be deemed and taken to be only within the county of Lanark.

2. No writ relating to lands or heritages within the parishes of Glasgow Barony, Maryhill, Shettleston, Springburn, Calton, Govan, Gorbals, Cadder, and Old Monkland, or any one or more of those parishes, heretofore registered in the General Register of Sasines in the division thereof applicable to the Barony and Regality of Glasgow, or in the division thereof applicable to the county of Lanark, or in the division thereof applicable to the county of Renfrew, shall be open to objection in respect that such writ ought to have been registered in one or more of said other divisions; and all such writs shall be held to be, and shall be sufficiently registered, notwithstanding any such objection.

3. No writ relating to lands or heritages within the parish of Old Monkland heretofore registered in the particular Register of Sasines for the barony and regality of Glasgow, or in the particular Register of Sasines for the county of lonark, shall be open to objection on the ground that such writ should have been registered in the other of the said two registers; and all such writs shall be held to be, and shall be sufficiently registered, notwithstanding any such objection.

4. Provided always, that no provision of this Act shall operate to invalidate or in any way affect injuriously any writ validly registered in the proper register prior to the passing of this Act, or any rights depending thereon.

si & 32 Vicu c. 64.

Boundaries of the barony and regality of Glasgow.

Registration of certain writs registered in the General Register of Sasines to be effectual.

Registration of certain writs registered in particular Registers of Sasines to be effectual.

Saving the preference of writs validly registered.

Ek 2

388

Proceedings *with respect Metropolitan Tramways

Ch. 69. Metropolitan TramwaysPvov.OrdersSu&p. 34 & 35 Vict.

CHAP. 69.

An Act to enable the Board of Trade to dispense with certain provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, in respect of certain Provisional Orders.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS the Board of Trade, under the authority of the Tramways Act, 1870, have made the Provisional Orders following; that is to say,

Common Road Conveyance Company's Watford Tramway. — Order authorising the construction of a Tramway upon the road from Watford to London;

London Street Tramways (Caledonian Road Extension). — Order authorising the London Street Tramways Company to construct Street Tramways from King's Cross to Camden Road, vi& Caledonian Road, in the county of Middlesex;

London Street Tramways (Extensions, &c.) — Order authorising the London Street Tramways Company to construct additional Street Tramways in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the city of London; Metropolitan Street Tramways (Extensions, &c.) — Order authorising the Metropolitan Street Tramways Company to extend their authorised Tramways into the city of London and to other places;

Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Tramways (Extensions). — Order authorising the Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Street Tramways Company to extend their author rised Tramways;

Southall, Ealing, and Shepherds Rush Tramway. — Order authorising the construction of a Tramway on the road from Southall to London, in the county of Middlesex; West London Tramways. — Order empowering the West London Tramways Company, Limited, to construct Tramways in and beyond the Western Districts of the Metropolis;

South-western Suburban Tramway. — Order authorising the construction of Tramways in the south-western district of the Metropolis:

And whereas the above-named Provisional Orders have not been confirmed by Parliament; but it is expedient that provision should be made to enable the Promoters of any such Order to proceed with the same in the next Session of Parliament: ,

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: / /

1. On proof to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that to the requirements contained in the schedule to this Act annexed have been duly complied with in relation to any of

1871. Metropolitan Tramways Prov. Orders Susp. Ch. 69, 70.

the said Orders by the Promoters, ttie Board of Trade may, as soon as they conveniently can, after Such proof of compliance & aforesaid, procure a Bill to be introduced into either House of Parliament for an Act to confirm such Provisional Order, and such Bill shall be deemed to be a Bill introduced in pursuance of section fourteen of the Tramways Act, 1870, and the provisions of the said section shall, so far as the same are applicable, apply to such Bill

As soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, any money deposited in accordance with the provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, by the Promoters of any of the said Provisional Orders in respect of any Tramways thereby authorised, shall be returned to such Promoters, and the Court of Chancery, acting by a Judge in Chambers or otherwise, upon production of a certificate purporting to be signed by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Board of Trade, to the effect that the Promoters are entitled to such deposit, shall order the same to be paid to the Promoters or as they shall direct.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Metropolitan Tramways Provisional Orders Suspension Act, 1871."

SCHEDULE.

The Promoters of any Provisional Order intending to proceed with such Order, in pursuance of the provisions of this Act, shall, in the months of October and November 1871, publish once in the London Gazette and once at least in two successive weeks in some one and the same newspaper circulating in the district affected by such Order, a notice of their intention to apply to the Board of Trade for the confirmation of such Order by Act of Parliament.

They shall also deposit at the office of the Board of Trade, on or before the 23rd December 1871,

(1.) Copies of the gazette and newspapers containing such notice, (2.) An estimate of the expense of the proposed works, signed by the person making the same.

The Promoters shall, on or before the 15th January 1872, pay as a deposit, in accordance with the provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, and the Board of Trade rules made in pursuance thereof, a sum of money not less than four per cent, on the amount of the estimate of the cost of the proposed undertaking.

CHAP. 70.

An Act for constituting a Local Government Board, and vesting therein certain functions of the Secretary of State and Privy Council concerning the Public Health and Local Government, together with the powers and duties of the Poor Law Board.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to concentrate in one depart-. " ment of the Government as herein-after provided the supervision of the laws relating to the public health, the relief of the poor, and local government:

Kk 3

36.9

Provisional

Orders.

Short title of Act.

390 Ch. 70. Local Government Board. 34 & 35 Vict.

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of kthe same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Local Government Board Act, 1871."

Establishment of Local Government Board.

Constitution of Local Government Board.

Establishment of Local Government Board.

2. A board shall be established, to be called the Local Government Board, and from and after the establishment of such Board the Poor Law Board shall cease to exist, and all powers and duties vested in or imposed on the Poor Law Board by the several Acts of Parliament relating to the rehtf of the poor and any other Acts, or vested in or imposed ob one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State by lie enactments in that behalf mentioned in the first part of the schedule annexed hereto, so far as such powers and duties relate to England, or vested in or imposed on Her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council by the enactments in that behalf specified in the second part of the said schedule, shall be transferred to and imposed on the said Local Government Board, and, except as otherwise provided by this Act, shall be exercised and performed by such Board in like manner and form, and subject to the same conditions, liabilities, and incidents respectively as such powers and duties might before the passing of this Act have been exercised and performed by the authorities in whom the same were then vested respectively or as near thereto as circumstances admit,

3. The Local Government Board shall consist of a president to be appointed by Her Majesty, and to hold office during the pleasure of Her Majesty, and of the following ex-officio members, that is to say, the Lord President of Her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, all Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, the Lord Privy Seal, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

The Local Government Board shall be deemed to be established from and after the date of the first appointment of a president under this Act.

The Local Government Board may appoint in writing snob secretaries, assistant secretaries, inspectors, auditors, clerks, messengers, and other officers as the Board may, with the sanction of the Treasury, determine.

No payment shall be made in respect of their duties under this Act to the ex-officio members of the Local Government Board, but there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the president, secretaries, and other officers of the tBoard such salaries as the Treasury may from time to time determine: Provided that the appointment of any officer to a new office made by the Local Government Board in

391

1871. Local Government Board. Ch. 70.

pursuance of this section shall be deemed to be temporary-only until the salary of such office has been provided for by Pftrfi&ment

4. The president and one of the secretaries of the Local President and Government Board shall at the same time be capable of being Cetanes elected to and of voting in the Commons House of Parlia- may sit in meat, and the office of president shall be deemed to be an Parliament, office included in Schedule H. of the Representation of the

People Act, 1867; in Schedule H. of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868; and in Schedule E. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

5. The Local Government Board may adopt an official seal, Seal, style, and describe themselves generally by the style and title of "JjM*8 of "The Local Government Board," and, save as herein-after provided, any act to be done or instrument to be executed

by or on behalf of the Local Government Board may be done or executed in the name of that Board by the president or by any member of the Local Government Board, or by a secretary or assistant secretary, if such secretary or assistant secretary is authorised to do or execute the same by any general order of the Local Government Board.

A rule, order, or regulation made by the Local Government Board shall be valid if it is made under the seal of the Board, and signed by the president or one of the ex-officio members of the Board, and countersigned by a secretary or assistant secretary; and the production of such prim& facie evidence of any of the said rules, orders, or regulations as is required by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, with respect to the roles, orders, or regulations of the Poor Law Board, shall, until the contrary is shown, be a sufficient proof that any such rule, order, or regulation of the Local Government Board was duly made.

8, All officers, clerks, and other persons employed in or Transfer of about the execution of the powers and duties by this Act officers* transferred to the Local Government Board shall, from and after the establishment of the Local Government Board, be attached to and under the control of the Local Government Board.

The officers, clerks, and persons so attached shall in other respects hold their offices and places upon the same terms and conditions, and shall have the same powers, privileges, and immunities with respect to the performance of their duties as if this Act had not passed.

The Local Government Board may, by order, distribute the business to be performed under the Local Government Board amongst the several officers ^and persons transferred to the Board by this Act in such manner as the Local Government Board may think expedient.

7. In the construction of and for the purposes of any Act Construction of Parliament, contract, or other document passed, entered into, or made before the establishment of the Local Govern- and of

Local Government Board.

Duplicate returns to be sent to Local Government Board.

Cbt. 70* Local Government JBocvrd. 34 & 35 Vict.

ment Board, but so far only as may be necessary for exercising the powers and discharging the duties by this Act transferred to and imposed on the Local Government Board, the name of such Board shall, according to circumstances, be deemed to be substituted for the Poor Law Board, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, as the case may require; and any act or thing which might, if this Act had not passed, have been done by the Poor Law Board, or by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by Her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, so far as relates to the powers and duties hereby transferred, may be done by the Local Government Board.

8. Where under an Act, whether passed before or after the passing of this Act, any return relative to any rate, toll, tax, or due raised in England (other than such as is raised for the public revenue of the United Kingdom) is required to be sent to one of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State or any other department of the Government, a duplicate of such return shall in like manner be sent to the Local Government Board, and any person failing to send the same shall be subject to the like penalties as a person neglecting to send any retun under the Act of the session of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-one.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

Part I.

Powers and Duties of Secretary of State.

Subject. Act.

Registration of Births, Deaths, and 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 86.

Marriages. 7 W. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22.

Public Health - 11 & 12 Vict 12 Vict. c. 63.

Local Government - 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98. 24 & 25 Vict. c. 61. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 17.

Drainage. Sanitary Matters 28 & 29 Vict. c. 75. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 113. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 115. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 100.

Baths and Wash-houses 9 & 10 Vict. c. 74. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 61.

Public Improvements 23 & 24 Vict. c. 30.

Towns Improvement 10 & 11 Vict. c. 34.

Artizans and Labourers Dwellings - 31 & 32 Vict. c. 130.

Returns. Local Taxation - 23 & 24 Vict. c. 51. And any Acts amending the said Acts, and conferring powers on the said Secretary of State.

1871.

Local Government Board.

Ch. 70, 71.

393

Part IL

Powers and Duties of Privy Council.

Subject.

Act.

Prevention of Disease

Vaccination

- 11 & 12 Vict. c. 63.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 116.

Sections one, three, five, and six of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 97.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 3.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 77.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 90.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 115.

- 30 & 31 Vict. c. 84.

And any Acts amending the said Acts, and conferring powers on the said Privy Council.

CHAP. 71.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries Act, 1855.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and extend the Public Libraries Act, 1855, herein-after referred to as the " principal Act

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Every local board, under the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, or either of them, is empowered, in like manner as a board under any Improvement Act, to adopt and carry into execution the principal Act.

2. For the purposes aforesaid, the following words in the principal Act shall have the following extended significations; viz., the word " board" shall mean any such load board as aforesaid; the words " improvement rate" shall mean the general district' rate levied by any such board; the word " ratepayers" shall mean all persons assessed to and paying such general district rate; the word " district" shall mean the district in which such local board has authority to levy a general district rate; the term "Improvement Act" shall mean the Local Government Act, 1858.

3. So much of section fifteen of the principal Act as refers to the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, shall not apply to rates made by local boards under the principal Act; but nothing herein contained shall enable local boards to levy or expend for the purposes of the principal Act any greater sum in any year than one penny in the pound.

4. For carrying into execution the principal Act, every such local board may borrow upon mortgage of the general district rate or any separate rate to be levied under the principal Act;

18 & 19 Vict. C. 70.

Local boards to pat principal Act into execution.

Interpretation of terms.

Sect. 15 of recited Act not to apply to rates made by local boards.

Provision as to borrowing by local boards for purposes of recited Act.

Not to apply to certain districts.

[Short title.]

Ch. 71, 72. Public JAbrcaries Act (1855) Amendt. 34 & 35YKT.

and such borrowing shall be ofleeted in conformity with the provisions as to borrowing contained in the Local Government Act, 1858, and the Acts incorporated therewith, in lieu of the provisions as to borrowing contained in the principal Act

5. This Act shall not apply to any district the whole or any part of which is within any municipal borough, or within the jurisdiction of commissioners under any Improvement Act.

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Public Libraries Act, 1855, Amendment Act, 1871."

Repeal of enactments set forth in Schedule A.

Registrar to enter particulars of memorandums in such books shall be appointed by general orders made under this Act.

CHAP. 72.

An Act for the further protection of Purchasers against Crown Debts, and for amending the Laws relating to the office of the Registrar of Judgments and other offices of the Court of Chancery, Ireland.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to ' the office of the Registrar of Judgments in Ireland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, the several parts of the Acts set forth in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, to the extent to which such parts of Acts are by such schedule expressed to be repealed, are hereby repealed, except as to anything done before the commencement of this Act, and except so far as may be necessary for the purpose of supporting and continuing any proceeding taken or begun under any of such parts of Aits before the passing of this Act.

2. The Registrar of Judgments shall, from and after the passing of this Act, enter the particulars contained in every memorandum left with him for the registry or re-entry of any judgment, revival, decree, rule, order, lis pendens, or civil bill decree for poor rates, or for the registry or re-docketing of any recognizance, Grown bond, judgment at the suit of the Crown, statute, inquisition, or acceptance of office, in such books or book as shall be appointed by any general order made as by this Act is provided; and such entry shall be a sufficient compliance with any direction contained in any Act of Parliament that the said registrar should enter such particulars in any book: Provided always, that unless and until such general order shall be made, the said Registrar of Judgments shall continue to enter such particulars in the several books now kept in his office respectively in the manner provided by the Acts of Parliament in that behalf enacted: Provided also, that all persons shall be at liberty to search all books to be kept under the provisions of this Act on payment of the same amount of stamp duty as is now

1871 Judgments (Ireland)* Ch. 72. 895

payable for searching the books at present kept in the said office

8. From and after the passing of this Act, every person Requisition who shall require a search to be made in the office of the for search. Registrar of Judgments, and a certificate of such search to be given, shall deliver unto or leave with the said registrar a note or requisition, in the words or to the effect of such one of the Farms (Nos. 1 or 2 in the Schedule B. to this Act annexed) as shall suit such person, or of such other form as shall from time to time be appointed by any general order which shall be made as by this Act is provided; and every such requisition shall be liable, in Hen of any existing stamp duty, to the duly set forth in the Schedule C. to this Act annexed

4. The said registrar shall, upon the delivery of such Registrar to requisition, with all due diligence cause such search to be give certificate, made and give to the person making such requisition a certificate setting forth the result of such search, in the words or to the effect of the Form No. 5 in the Schedule B. to this Act

annexed, or of such other form as shall from time to time be appointed by any general order which shall be made as by this Act is provided; and if the said registrar shall be guilty of any fraud, collusion, or wilful neglect in making out such certificate, whereby any person shall be aggrieved or damnified, such person so damnified, his heirs, executors, or administrators, shall recover full damages against such registrar, with full costs of suit.

5. If any person shall require a duplicate of any search made and certificate given after the passing of this Act, such person shall deliver unto or leave with the said registrar a note or requisition in the words or to the effect of the Form No. 4 in Schedule B. to this Act annexed, or of such other form as shall from time to time be appointed by any general order made as by this Act is provided; and every such requisition shall be liable to the stamp duty 'set forth in Schedule C. to this Act annexed.

6. The said registrar shall, upon the delivery of such requisition, with all due diligence cause such duplicate to be made and given to the person requiring the same, with a certificate at the foot thereof, or appended thereto, stating that the same is a duplicate of the search and certificate in such requisition mentioned.

7. Every such duplicate so certified as aforesaid shall have the same force and effect, and shall be accepted and received in the same manner and for the same purposes, as an original search and certificate to the same extent and in the same

Registrar liable in damages far fraud, &c.

Requisition for duplicate searches.

Registrar to give duplicate.

Duplicate to have the force and effect of original.

terms.

8. The duties set forth in the Schedule 0. to this Act Stop duties

annexed shall be impressed or affixed, denoted, and collected

in like maimer with the duties mentioned in the schedule as heretofore.

annexed to the Act passed in the session of Parliament holden is & 14 Vict.

c. 74.

896 Ch, 72. Judgments (Ireland). 34 & 35Ywr.

in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation "of the Office of the Registrar of Judgments in Ireland," and shall be under the like care and management, and tbit the like rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, clauses, and matters contained in any Act shall be applicable thereto Power for Lord 9# it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, the Lord

Lorf CWrf' Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice Justice, of the Common Fleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Lord Chief Exchequer in Ireland, or for any three of them, from tine Common Pleas te time to make such general orders as shall to them seem fit, Lord Chief ' in relation to the books wherein shall be entered, by the said S^terd^the refP8tear, the particulars contained in any memorandum left RoUs to°make with him for the registry or re-entry of any judgment, General Orders revival, decree, rule, order, lis pendens, or civil bill decree the Axrt *°Ut ^0r Poor rate8* or for the registry or re-docketing of any ' recognizance, Crown bond, judgment at the suit of the drown, statute, inquisition, or acceptance of office; and also initiation to the form of verbiage of all memorandums and requisitions authorised or directed by any Act of Parliament to be left with the said registrar, and to the material on which same shall be written or printed, and to the size of such material; and with oon- and also by and with the consent of the Lords Commissioners sent of Traa^ of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being to abolish or anY reduce xeduce the amount of stamp duty to be paid on any of the stamp duties, requisitions or matters set forth in Schedule C. to this Act annexed; and if it should be deemed proper, with the like consent again from time to time to revive or increase any of the duties so reduced, but not beyond the respective amounts in the said schedule set forth; and generally in relation to the conduct of business in the office of the said registrar and the duties of the said registrar and the other officers in his office, and from time to time to annul, alter, or vary such general orders.

11 & 12 Vict 10. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the c* 12°- session of Parliament holden in the eleventh and twelfth years

of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to " facilitate the transfer of landed property in Ireland," provision was made whereby no bonds or recognizances to the Crown which shall be more than twenty years old from the date thereof shall affect lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as to purchasers, or mortgagees, or . creditors, until duly re-docketed, according to the directions of the said Act; hut no similar provision is made with respect to judgments obtained at the suit of the Crown: And whereas it is.expedient to extend the principle of the aforesaid provision to such Judgments at judgments: Be it enacted, that from and after the passing CroTOmL*6 this Act, no judgment obtained at the suit of the Crown which shall be more than twenty years old from the date yean old not thereof shall affect any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, M te purchasers, mortgagees, or creditors, unless and until

M71. Judgments (Irdand). Off, 72. 897

a memorandum or minute duly authenticated, containing the mortgagees name and usual or last known place of abode, and the title, trade, or profession of the person whose estate is intended the office of to be affected thereby, the court, and the title of the cause Registrar of in which such judgment shall have been obtained, and the Jud£ments-date of such judgment, and the amount of the debt, damages, and costs thereby recovered, shall be left with the Registrar of Judgments, who shall forthwith enter the same particulars in the book in the said Act mentioned, which book shall hence-forward be entitled Re-docketed Crown Bonds, Recognizances, and Judgments at the suit of the Crown, or in such other book or books as shall be appointed by any general order made as by this Act is provided; and every such memorandum shall be liable to and impressed with the same duty as every memorandum for the registration of any recognizance, bond, judgment, or obligation to the Crown is now liable to.

11, No recognizance, Crown bond, judgment at the suit of Recognizances the Crown, statute, inquisition, or acceptance of. office, registered or re-docketed under an Act passed in the session of registered more Parliament holden in the seventh and eighth years of Her fc>ur .years present Majesty, intituled An Act for the protection of j^g of this u purchasers against judgments, Crown debts, lis pendens, Act to be re- and commissions of bankruptcy, and for providing one office registered " for the registering of all judgments in Ireland, and for amending the laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and passing of rt the Limitation of Actions," or under the said Act of the Act* twelfth year of Her Majesty, more than four years before ^Q8 Vict* the passing of this Act, shall, after the expiration of one n & 12 Vict. year from the passing of this Act, affect lands, tenements, or c. 120. hereditaments, as to purchasers, mortgagees, or creditors, unless and until a like memorandum or minute as is required for a registry thereof, under the said Act of the eighth year of Her Majesty, be left with the officer appointed under that Act within five years before the execution of the conveyance, settlement, mortgage, lease, or other deed or instrument vesting or transferring the legal or equitable right to the estate or interest in or to any such purchaser or mortgagee for valuable consideration, or as to creditors within five years before the right of such creditor accrued: Provided always, that where twenty years from the date of such bond or recognizance to the Crown has expired, or will expire before the expiration of one year from the passing of this Act, nothing in this enactment contained shall be taken to dispense with the re-docketing under the said Act of the twelfth year of Her Majesty of such bond or recognizance to the Crown within such twenty years, or to give any greater validity or effect to such bond or recognizance than the same would have had under the provisions of the said Act of the twelfth year of Her Majesty in oase this Act had not been passed.

12. No recognizance, Grown bond, judgment at the suit Recognizances, of the Crown, statute, inquisition, or acceptance of office,

898

within four years before the passing of this Act, or which shall be registered or re-registered after it, to be re-registered every five years.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 90.

11 & 12 Vict c. 120.

Stamp duty on memorandum for re-registry of recognizances, &c. to be the same as for re-registering judgments.

In vacancies of clerks except the most junior, the Lord Chancellor, &c. may promote from those holding appointments junior to that vacated;

If a vacancy occur in office of fifth clerk, it may be filled up by competitive examination.

CH. 72l Judgments (Irdmd)* 34 & 35 TiCf.

registered or re-dooketed tinder the said Act of the eighth year of Her Majesty, or under the said Act of the twelfth year of Her Majesty, within four years before the passing of this Act, or which after [the passing of this Act shall be registered or re-docketed or re-registered under either of the said Acts or under the Act, shall, after the expiration of five years from the date of such registry, re-docketing, or re-registry thereof, affect lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as to purchasers, mortgagees, or creditors, unless and until a like memorandum or minute as was required in the first instance be again left with such officer as aforesaid, within five years before the execution of the conveyance, settlement, mortgage lease, or other instrument vesting or transferring the legal or equitable right to the estate or interest in or to any such purchaser or mortgagee for valuable consideration, or as it creditors within five years before the right of such creditor accrued, and so toties quoties at the expiration of every succeeding five years.

18# The memorandum or minute to be left with the said officer for the re-registry of any recognizance, Crown bond, judgment at the suit of the Crown, re-docketed recognizance or Crown bond, statute, inquisition, or acceptance of office, shall be subject and liable to the same amount of stamp duty as that to which a memorandum or minute for the re-registry of a judgment is at present subject and liable.

14. And whereas the official establishment of the office of the said Registrar of Judgments at present consists, in addition to the said registrar and two searching clerks, and one writing clerk, of the following officers; that is to say, a chief clerk, a second clerk, and three junior clerks, who are respectively paid salaries according to a scale fixed by the Lords Commissioners df Her Majesty's Treasury:

Be it therefore enacted, that if a vacancy shall occur is the office of such chief clerk, second clerk, third clerk, or fourth clerk, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Chief Justice, Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Master of the Rolls, and Lord Chief Baron, or any three of them, to appoint such one of the clerks holding an office junior in the establishment to the one so vacant as they shall consider most fit to fill such vacancy; and if a vacancy ife&Q occur in the office of the fifth clerk, and if the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall consider it expedient to fill the same, be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Chief Justice, Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Master of the Rolls, and Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any three of them, to nominate a sufficient number, not being less than five, of fit and competent persons, from amongst whom one shall be selected to fill such vacancy by competitive examination, according to regulations to be from time to time framed by Her Majesty's Civil Service Commissioners, and

I87t

JudgimWts (Ireland).

CU.1%

899

approved by the said Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Treasury.

16. If it shall hereafter appear to the Lord Chancellor of Iretatd that the business of the said office cannot be discharged with due despatch without the aaaiatanoe of an additional dark or clerks, then and in such ease it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, by and with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on sufficient cause being shown, to direct that one or more additional clerk or clerks shall be appointed: Provided always, that such appointment or appointments shall be made by competitive examination as aforesaid.

10. If it shall; hereafter appear to the said Lend Chancellor that the number of clerks in the said office is greater than is required for the dne despatch of business, it shall be lawful for him, by and with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to order that the number of such clerks shall be reduced, and that, if opportunity shall offer, such clerk or clerks as he shall consider not required in the said office shall be transferred to such other department of the public service as the said Lord Chancellor shall, with the consent of the said Lords Commissioners, by such order direct.

17. It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they shall so think fit, upon the recommendation of the said Lord Chancellor, from time to time to increase or decrease, by such amounts as they may consider proper, the salaries now paid to the said clerks respectively, or to any or either of them.

IS. Every clerk appointed under this Act shall be deemed and construed to be an assistant clerk within the meaning of the thirtieth section of the said Act of the eighth year of Her present Majesty, and to be a clerk within Hie meaning of the sixty-third section of an Act passed in the session of Parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of Her present Mtyeety, intituled An Act to amend the laws " for the registration of assurances of lands in Ireland," and the provisions of the said sections shall be applicable to every of them.

10. It shall and may be lawful for the said registrar, ft>r the purpose of making searches under this Act, to continue to employ the present searching clerks, who shall be removable as heretofore, and if a vacancy shall occur in the office of either of than it shall and may be lawful for the said registrar, with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, Horn time to time to appoint a competent clerk to fiH such vacancy, to be removable. at his pleasure; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorise such annual salaries as they shall think proper to be paid to such searching

LI 2

Power to appoint additional clerks if required.

Power to reduce the staff of the office if it be excessire;

and to transfer clerks not required to other departments.

Salaries as fixed by the Treasury to be paid to clerks.

Clerks appointed under this Act to be subject to 7 & 8 Vict. c. 90. s. 30. and to be liable to be transferred to register office.

Registrar may appoint searching clerks.

Such salaries as the Treasury shall think proper shall be paid to searching clerks.

400

11 & 12 Vict. c. 120.

When the rolls of judgments are removed to the Public Record Office, the Registrar of Judgments shall enter memorandums of satisfactions and vacates on production of copies of such judgments or recognizances, marked with satisfactions or vacates upon them.

Registrar to enter memorandums of vacates of lis pendens, upon production of certificates of order of court to vacate them,

Ch. 72. Judgments (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

clerks, and from time to time to increase-or decrease such salaries by such amounts as they shall think fit.

20. And whereas by the said Act of the twelfth year of Her present Majesty provision has been made for the registry in the said office of the satisfaction of judgments, Crown bonds, and recognizances, decrees, rules, and orders upon the lodgment with the said registrar of a certificate in the said Act mentioned of the entry of satisfaction upon the roll of such judgment, or of the cancelling or vacate of such Crown bond or recognizance, or upon the certificate therein mentioned that such decree, rule, or order has been fully performed, complied with, or satisfied: And whereas by the Public Records (Ireland) Act, 1867, provision has been made for the removal to the Public ^Record Office of the records therein mentioned: Be it enacted, that in every case in which the roll, book, or other record, upon or in which any judgment* decree, rule, order, recognizance, or Crown bond has been entered or recorded, has or shall have been removed to the said Public Record Office, and that an entry of satisfaction has or shall have been made upon such judgment or of vacate or cancellation upon such Crown bond or recognizance, or a certificate that such decree, rule, or order has been fully performed, complied with, or satisfied, has or shall have been recorded, then and in every such case a certified copy, duly authenticated according to the provisions of the Public Record (Ireland) Act, 1867, of such judgment, decree, rule, order, recognizance, or Crown bond, or of the material portions thereof respectively, and of the entry thereon of satisfaction, vacate, or cancellation, or of the certificate' of performance, compliance, or satisfaction, shall have the same force and effect, and shall be received and acted upon by the said registrar in the same manner in all respects as a certificate of such satisfaction, performance, compliance, vacate. Or cancellation under the provisions of the said Act of the twelfth year of Her Majesty.

21. And whereas no sufficient provision has been made for the registry in the said office of vacates of lis pendens: Be it therefore enacted, that the said registrar shall, upon the lodgment with him of a certificate that any lis pendens which may have been registered in the said office has been duly vacated by an order of the Court in which lis pendens may

. be, signed by the proper officer in that behalf, and which certificate such officer is hereby authorised and required to give, cause a memorandum of such vacate to he subscribed to the entry of the registry of such lis pendens specifying the date of such order, and shall sign such memorandum, and upon every search made in the said office subsequently to the entry of such memorandum as aforesaid whereupon such lis pendens shall appear the entry of such memorandum shall be stated.

1871.

Judgments (Ireland).

Ch. 72.

m

4 22. Apd whereas it was enacted by the said Act of the twelfth year of Her Majesty that no judgment, Crown, bond, or recognizance, rule, decree, order, or lis pendens should be registered by the said registrar unless and until there should be subscribed to the memorandum or minute therein mentioned a certificate of the existence of the judgment, Crown bond, or recognizance, rule, decree, order, or lis pendens, signed by the officer in the said Act mentioned; Be it enacted, that in every case in which the roll, book, or record upon or in which such judgment. Crown bond, recognizance, rule, decrees, or order has been entered has or shall have been removed to the said Public Record Office, a certified copy, duly authenticated according to the provisions of the said Public Records (Ireland) Act, 1867, of such judgment, Crown bond, recognizance, rule, decree, pr prder, or of the material portions thereof respectively, (provided always, that such copy shall not contain any entry of satisfaction of such judgment, performance of or compliance with such decree, rule, or order, or vacate or cancellation of such recognizance or Crown bond,) shall have the same force and effect, and shall be received and acted upon by the said registrar in the same manner in all respects as a certificate of the existence of such judgment, Crown bond, recognizance, rule, decree, or order under the provisions of the said Act of the twelfth year of Her Majesty.

23. During the temporary absence of the said Registrar of Judgments, and during the temporary absence of the Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper from their respective offices, the affixing or signing the name of the said Registrar of Judgments by the chief clerk in his office, and of the name of the and Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper by the chief clerk in his office, to all memorandums, entries, certificates, proceedings, and documents, upon their being respectively duly authorised in that behalf by the said Registrar of Judgments and Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper so to do, but not otherwise, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the same respectively were affixed or signed by the said Registrar of Judgments and Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper: Provided always, that the said Registrar of Judgments and Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper shall respectively be as liable to all actions or other proceedings by any persons damnified by such affixing or signing of their respective names by their respective chief clerks as they would be if the same had been affixed or signed by themselves respectively.

24. In case of illness or other necessary cause of absence it shall be lawful for the first and second assistant in the Record and Writ Office from time to time as occasion may require to appoint a deputy, such deputy, and also the occasion for such appointment, to be first approved by the Lord Chancellor, upon a petition to be verified by affidavit, for, such time and under such regulations as the Lord Chancellor shall

L 1 *3

11 & 12 Vict. ' c. 120.

Attested copy of judgment when roll has been removed to the Public Record Office to have same effect as certificate of existence for the purpose of registry. Provided that such copy shall not contain any entry that the judgment is satisfied, &c.

During the temporary absence of Registrar of Judgments and Clerk of Crown and Hanaper, their chief clerks to sign documents.

Proviso that the registrar and Clerk of Crown and Hanaper be responsible for such signatures.

Appointment of deputies in case of absence of first and second assistants in Record and Writ Office.

Ch. 72. Judgments (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

direct, and no such appointment of a deputy shall continue for any longer time than shall be allowed and specified in and by the said order which shall be made on such petition, and that such deputy shall be paid out of the salary or fees of such officer such sum as shall be directed by the said order.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE A.

Part of Acts to be repealed so far as in the fobjs-going Act declared.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 90 An Act for the protection of purchasers against judgments. Crown debts, lis pendens, and commissions of bankruptcy, and for providing one office for the registering of all judgments in Ireland, and for amending the laws in Ireland respecting bankrupts, and the limitations of actions. Sections 16, 17 (except the proviso), 18, 19, 20, 22, so for as relates to the appointment and duty of Assistant Clerks, 23, 24, 28.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 120 An Act to facilitate the transfer of landed property in Ireland. Sections and so far as relates to the Registrar of Judgments only; those portions of sections 10, 11, and 12 which enact that the Registrar of Judgments shall endorse upon a duplicate of any memorandum a minute or certificate of the lodgment and entry thereof.

SCHEDULE B.

Forms of Requisition.

No. 1. — To the Registrar of Judgments.

Negative search for judgments or revivals entered up in anj of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, or obtained in any inferior Court of Record before the 16th day of July 1860, for decrees, rota, orders, or civil bill decrees for poor rates, made before the 16th day of July 1850, and for lis pendens registered or re-registered against, from the day of

to the day of; and for

recognizances and Crown bonds, judgments at the suit of the Crown, statutes, inquisitions, and acceptances of office registered or redocketed against the said, from the day of to the day of

Dated this day of

Signed,

1871. Judgments (Ireland). Ch, 72.

No. 2.- — To the Registrar of Judgments,

Negative search for judgments, revivals, decrees, rules, orders, lis pendens, and civil bill decrees for poor rate registered or re-registered

r* st, from the day

to the day of;

and for recognizances and Crown bonds, judgments at the suit of the Crown, statutes, inquisitions, and acceptances of office registered or re-docketed against the said, from the

day of to the day of

Dated this day of.

Signed,

No. 4. — To the Registrar of Judgments.

I require a duplicate of the search against,

set forth in the requisition left with you, by, cm

the day of.

Dated this day of

Signed,

408

No, 6,

On search made in the Registry of Judgments Office in pursuance of the foregoing requisition, I do not find any [but the above mentioned (these words to be omitted when none appeary\ such judgments, revivals, decrees, rules or orders, judgments at the suit of the Crown, statutes, recognizances, or Crown bonds, lis pendens, inquisitions, or acceptances of office registered or re-registered, or re-docketed, within the respective periods aforesaid against the said

Dated this day of

[Name of Registrar.] Witnesses present when the search was made,

SCHEDULE C.

Dotes OF Stamps which are to be paid and payable in Ireland for and in respect of the several instruments, matters, and things herein mentioned, used, filed, re-

fistered, recorded, or issued in the Office of Registrar of udgments.

On every requisition for a search for judgments or £ s. d\ revivals entered up in any of Her Majesty's courts at Dublin, or obtained in any inferior court of Record before the 15th day of July 1850, and for decrees, rules, orders, or civil bill decrees for poor rates, made before the 15th day of July 1850, and for lis pendens registered against any person, and for recognizances and Crown bonds, judgments at the suit of the Crown, statutes, inquisitions, and acceptances of office registered or re-docketed against the same person - 0 16 6

On every requisition for a search for judgments, revivals, decrees, rules and orders, lis pendens and civil bill decrees for poor rate registered or re-registered against

a person, and for recognizances and Crown bonds, gments at the suit of the Crown, statutes, inquisitions, and acceptances of office registered and re-registered or re-docketed against the same person - *10 0

404 C*r, 72, 73. Judgmewte (Ireland). 34 & 35 Ym.

£ s. d

On every requisition for a duplicate of a search, according to the provisions of the 8th section of the Act to which this schedule is annexed -050

On every memorandum of vacate of a lis pendens to be subscribed or annexed to the original entry of registry in the office of Registrar of Judgments pursuant to this Act - - - 0 2 6

CHAP. 73.

[Commencement of Act.]

Appointment of clerk of the peace.

Salaries of clerk and deputy clerks.

As to removal from office of clerk of the peace.

An Act for making Regulations as to the office of Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lan-t caster.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make regulations in relation to the office <5f clerk of the peace of the county palatine of Lancaster:

#Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act* except in so far as is otherwise expressly provided, shall not come into operation until a vacancy occurs in the office of clerk of the peace for the said county, and the time at which this Act comes into operation is hereinafter referred to as the commencement of this Act.

2. Frpm and after the commencement of this Act there shall be appointed, in writing, by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, three able and sufficient persons, the one to be clerk of the peace and the other two to be deputy clerks of the peace for the said county, and any vacancy occurring in the office of clerk of the peace or deputy clerk of the peace shall be filled up in like manner by the said Chancellor by the appointment of pome able and sufficient person.

3. From and after the commencement of this Act all fees, .profits, and perquisites hitherto received by the clerk of the peace of the said county shall be accounted for and paid by him or his deputies to the treasurer of the county of Lancaster, to be applied to the purposes to which the county rate is applicable, and there shall be paid half-yearly, out of the county rate of the said county, to the said clerk and deputy clerks respectively such salaries as the justices of the said county in sessions assembled may, with the approval of the said Chancellor, determine.

Any salaries payable under this Act Shall accrue due from day to day, but shall be payable half-yearly to the parties entitled thereto.

4. The section number nine (in the editions prepared under the directions of the Record Commission, intituled " The Statutes of the Realm ") of the Act of the first year of King William and Mary, chapter twenty-one, intituled "An Act

1871. Clerk of the Peace (Co. Palatme of Lancaster). Ch. 78. 405

" for enabling the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal u to execute the office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper/' shall be repealed, and any clerk or deputy clerk of the peace for the county of Lancaster under this Act shall hold his office by the same tenure, and may be removed from office under the same circumstances by and under which clerks of the peace of counties in England ordinarily hold their offices and may be removed from office; and in the construction of any enactments relating to the tenure of office or removal from office of a clerk of the peace the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster shall, for the purposes of this Act, be substituted for the custos rotulorum of the county.

5. Subject to any rules that may be made in pursuance of Jurisdiction of this Act by the justices of the said county in sessions asscm- p^e* bled, all matters to be done to or by the clerk of the peace

of the said county, in his character of clerk of the peace, mby be done to or by the deputy clerks of the peace under this Act or either of them.

6. The justices of the said county in sessions assembled P°Ter of

may by order make, and when made, from time to time repeal, i"!Sons Psalter, or add to, any rules for the following purposes: sembled to

(1.) For distributing the business of the clerk of the peace make rnles* amongst such clerk and the deputy clerks;

(2.) For fixing the places in which such clerk or deputy clerks are to live;

(3.) For regulating any other matter, whether similar or not to those particularised in this section, which may be necessary or expedient for giving effect to the provisions of this Act; bat no such rules, or repeal, alteration, or addition of or to 6t»ch rules, shall take effect until Approved by the Chancellor of the Duchy.

Every clerk of the peace and deputy clerk of the peace appointed under this Act shall act in conformity with any rales made in pursuance of this section, and if he do not he shall be deemed to have misdemeaned himself in the execution of his office.

7. In case of the retirement of the person who at the time Provision ns to of the passing of this Act holds the office of clerk of the peace ^p^ent of the county of Lancaster, and of the surrender by liim of clerk of the the letters patent by virtue whereof he now holds the said peace.

office for life, the justices of the said county in sessions assembled may at any time after the passing of this Act grant to him out of the county rate a pension for his life not exceeding in any case the net amount annually received by bim in respect of the fees and emoluments of the said office, calculated on the average of the five years next preceding the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, after deducting the fees or salary of his deputy or deputies and all other expenses incident to or incurred for the purposes of the execution of the said office.

406

Get. 73, 74. Clerk of the Peace (Lamaekr), 34 & 35 Vat,

The power given by this section shall not be exercised after two years from the passing of this Ant.

Nothing in this Act shall affect the validity or invalidity of No appoint- tba letters patent.

ment of clerk, 8. No clerk of the peace or deputy clerk of the peace stall be appointed or continued in the county of Lancaster except in manner provided by this Act.

9. The expression "justices of the said county in sessions assembled" means the justices of the county of Lancaster assembled at their annual general sessions, or any adjournment thereof.

&c. except in pursuance of Act

"Justices in sessions assembled."

CHAP. 74.

An Act to abolish Days of Grace in the case of Bilk of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable at Sight or on Presentation.

[14th August 1871.]

[Short title.]

Bills payable at sight or on presentation to be payable on demand.

Definition of terms.

Admissibility in evidence of past bills.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, whether by the custom of " merchants a bill of exchange or promissory note pwv porting to be payable at sight or on presentation is payable until the expiration of a certain number of " days of grace ?

And whereas it is expedient that such bills of exchange and promissory notes should bear the same stamp and should be payable in the same manner as bills of exchange and promissory notes purporting to be payable on demand:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Iiords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Bills of Exchange Act, 1871"

2. Every bill of exchange or promissory note, drawn after this Act comes into operation and purporting to be payable at sight or on presentation, shall bear the same stamp and shall, for all purposes whatsoever, be deemed to be a bill of exchange or promissory note payable on demand, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

3. For the purposes of this Act, the terms "bill of exchange " and " promissory note " shall have the same meanings as are given to them in the Stamp Act, 1870.

4. A bill of exchange purporting to be payable at sight and drawn at any time between the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and the day of the passing of this Act, both inclusive, and stamped as a bill of exchange payable on demand, shall be admissible in evidence on payment of the difference between the amount of stamp duty paid on such bill and the amount which would have been payable if this Act had not passed.

Telegraph (Money).

Ch. 76.

407

1871.

CHAP. 75.

An Act for enabling a further sum to be raised for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870.

[14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS the Telegraph Acts, 1866 to 1870, provide for the acquisition by Her Majesty's Postmaster General of the telegraphs in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, and for the exclusive privilege, subject as in the said Acts mentioned, of transmitting telegrams within the limits of the said kingdom and islands, and further for the construction and maintenance of such telegraphs or other works as may be necessary for enabling the said Post* master General to cany into effect the purposes of the said Acts:

And whereas by the Telegraph Act, 1869, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are empowered to raise, for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868, 1869, such sum or sums of money as in the said Act mentioned, by the creation of such terminable annuities, exchequer bills or exchequer bonds, or stocks as in the said Act mentioned, or by all or any of the said modes; and it is by the said Act declared that the interest upon such securities is to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, and that the amount so raised or stock so created is to be appropriated by the said Commissioners in such manner as may be directed by the said Postmaster General for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury;

And whereas a further sum of one million pounds is required to be raised with a view of enabling Her Majesty's Postmaster General to carry into more complete effect the purposes of the said Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Telegraph (M6ney)r Act, 1871."

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, in Power for addition to any sum previously authorised to be raised by Commissioners them, raise for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to surytorJsea 1870, or any bf such Acts, any sum or sums of money not further sum of exceeding in the whole one million pounds sterling, by the one . creation, in manner provided by the Telegraph Act, 1869, of p^0ses°of the terminable annuities for any period of years not exceeding Telegraph thirty, or by the creation of exchequer bills or exchequer Acts-bonds, or of three pounds per centum per annum capital stocks of annuities, or by all or any of the said modes, and the interest upon such securities shall be chargeable upon and

408 Ch. 75, 76. Telegraph (Money). 84 & 35 VICTc

payable out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing prodoce thereof.

The provisions of the Telegraph Act, 1869, relating to toe terminable annuities, exchequer bills or exchequer bonds, or three pounds per centum per annum capital stocks of annuities therein named, shall apply to the creation for the purposes of this Act of any terminable annuities, exchequer bills or exchequer bonds, or capital stocks of annuities.

Appropriation 3. The amount raised or stock created under this Act or of moneys. the Telegraph Act, 1869, shall be placed to an account at the Bank of England in the names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be appropriated by the said Commissioners in such manner and transferred to such parties as may be directed by the Postmaster General, for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870, or any of such Acts, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

CHAP. 76.

An Act to amend the law relating to the Recovery of Small Debts and to Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

[14th August 1871.]

VI/ WHEREAS by the Act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fourteen, 22 Vict. c. 14. intituled An Act for the Abolition of Manor Courts and the " better Recovery of Small Debts in Ireland," it is enacted that no defendant shall be liable to be sued or proceeded against at petty sessions under the said Act, or obliged to appear in any cause to be heard and determined at any petty sessions held in any other part of the country than at the petty sessions held within the county, and within the petty sessions district of such county in wldch the defendant or defendants reside or resides: Provided always, that if any defendant or defendants shall have or occupy any house, warehouse, counting-house, shop, factory, or office, for the sale of goods, or for carrying on any business within the distriet of such petty sessions district, he shall be deemed to have a residence within such petty sessions district:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said provisions and to make other provisions instead thereof:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the law relating to certain offences and matters within the police district of Dublin Metropolis:

[Short title.]

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most HfceeUent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the " Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871."

Extent of Act. 2. This Act shall apply to Ireland only.

1871. Summary Jurisdiction, <kc. (Ireland). Og. .7?6* 4Q8

3. Any defendant shall be liable to be sued or proceeded Defendant may against at petty sessions under the said Act of the twenty-

second Victoria, chapter fourteen, and be obliged to appear petty sessions in any cause to be heard and determined at any petty sessions within or within the petty sessions district in which the defendant or co^ty^6 defendants resides or reside, whether such petty sessions be which he held within or without the county in which the defendant or resides, defendants resides or reside, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

4. The several divisional justices of the police district of Powers of Dublin Metropolis shall be deemed to have and possess, and aljhce shall have and may exercise all and the same powers for district of° C<? preserving the public peace within the city of Dublin as are Dublin Metro-elsewhere vested in and may be exercised by justices of the polls *

peace within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, and shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act to the contrary, to all intents and purposes whatsoever be and be deemed and taken to be justices of the peace within every part of the said police district of Dublin Metropolis.

5. Any person who within the limits of the police district Offences

of Dublin Metropolis, in any thoroughfare or public place, ^cyPwithin shall wilfully and indecently expose his person or commit police district any act contrary to public decency, shall be liable, on con- of Dublin viefcion before any justice or justices sitting in any court Metropolis' within the police district of Dublin Metropolis, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or, at the discretion of such justice or justices, to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding two calendar months.

6. If any person shall wilfully insult any justice or justices Contempt of sitting in any court within the police district of Dublin c0^e^rict Metropolis, or shall commit any other contempt of such court of Dublin

it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, by any verbal Metropolis, order, either to direct such person to be removed from such court, or to be taken into custody, and at any time before the rising of such court by warrant to commit such persons to gaol for any period not exceeding seven days, or to fine such person in any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

7. Whenever at the hearing of any case of summary Proceedings jurisdiction within the limits of the police district of Dublin Metropolis the defendant shall not appear, and the divisional neot appear# justice or justices shall be satisfied that the summons was

duly served, such justice or justices may either proceed ex parte to hear and determine the complaint, or issue a warrant to compel the appearance of the defendant, or may adjourn the hearing to a future day.

8. Any person who within the limits of the police district Penalty for of Dublin Metropolis shall in any theatre or other place of

public amusement be guilty of offensive or riotous behaviour, duct in public to the disturbance or annoy&noe of any persons present, shall, places, &c-on conviction before any divisional justice, be liable to a fine

419

Dublin Metropolis.

Summary procedure in certain cases of attempted suicide within police district of Dublin Metropolis.

Provisions of Summary Jurisdiction (L) Act, 1851, to extend to towns in police district of Dublin Metropolis.

Power to divisional justices to appoint a deputy.

Right of appeal.

Ch. 76. SvArmxtry Jv^diction, <&c. (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

not exceeding forty shillings, or to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding one month; and any person committing any such offence within view* of any constable of the said police district may be arrested by him without warrant.

9. Where any person is charged before any of the divisional justices of the police district of Dublin Metropolis presiding in one of the public courts of the said district with having in any manner attempted to commit suicide, if the person charged shall confess the same, it shall be lawful for the justice to convict the person charged, and commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding three months: Provided always, that if the person charged do not consent to have the case heard and determined by such justices, or if such justice be of opinion that the charge is fit to be made the subject of prosecution by indictment, rather than to be disposed of summarily, he shall, instead of summarily adjudicating thereon, deal with the case in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

10. The provisions of The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851, relating to the recovery of the possession of small tenements, shall extend and apply to all such small tenements therein described as are situate in any town or township within the police district of Dublin Metropolis, although no fair or market be held therein.

1L It shall be lawful for any divisional justice of the police district of Dublin Metropolis, with the approval of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to appoint a deputy, who shall have practised as a barrister at law for at least seven years, to act for him for any time or times not exceeding six weeks in any consecutive period of twelve calendar months; and in case of sickness or unavoidable absence it shall be lawful for such justice, with the approval of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, on each occasion of this power being exercised, to appoint a deputy, qualified as aforesaid, for any period not exceeding three calendar months at one time, and every such deputy during the time for which he shall be so appointed shall have all the powers and perform all the duties of the justice for whom he shall have been so appointed. There shall be paid to every such deputy by the justice, at his own charge, by whom he is appointed, such sum by way of remuneration for his services as the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant shall direct.

12. Any person against whom a summary conviction or order shall be made under this Act shall have the same right of appeal as given by the twenty-fourth section of the Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of Victoria, chapter ninety-three, but subject to the conditions therein contained.

411

1871. Nw'wioh Voters Disfranchisement. Ch. 77, 78.

CHAP. 77.

An Act to disfranchise certain Voters for the City of Norwich* [14th August 1871.]

WHEREAS at the oondusion of the trial of a petition complaining of an undue election of a member to serve in Parliament for the city of Norwich, and held in the said city before Mr. Justice Keating, on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, Orlando Dennis Bay, William Wilde, and Horace Lacey were reported by the s&id Mr. Justice Keating to have been guilty of bribery, and Edward Yaxley to have been guilty of corruptly taking a bribe at a former election holden for the said city in the month of November one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act the said Orlando Disfranchise-Dennis Ray, William Wilde, Horace Lacey, and Edward ment of certain Yaxley respectively shall not at any time have the right of voter8' voting at any election of a member or members to serve in Parliament for the city of Norwich.

CHAP. 78.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Inspection and Regulation of Railways.

[14th August 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by " and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary,

1. This Act so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof Construction shall be construed as one with the Acts mentioned in Schedule ^ct.*nd Two to this Act and with the Regulation of Railways Act, 8 0 u e-1868, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Regulation of Railways Acts, 1840 to 1871; and this Act and each of the Acts mentioned in Schedule Two to this Act may be cited as the Regulation of Railways Act of the year ia which it was passed.

2. In this Act- — Interpretation

The term "railway" means the whole or any portion of a of termfl* railway or tramway, whether worked by steam or otherwise, which has been authorised by any special Act of Parliament or by any certificate under Act of Parliament:

The term "company" means a company incorporated either before or after the passing of this Act for the purpose of constructing, maintaining, or working a railway in the United Kingdom (either alone or in conjunction with any

" Court of summary jurisdiction."

Board of Trade may appoint inspectors of railways.

Powers of inspectors of railways.

Extension of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 55.*ss. 4. to 6. to new works.

Ch. 78. Railway Regulation Amendment 34 & 35 Vict.

other purpose), and includes, except when otherwise expressed, any individual or individuals not incorporated who are owners or lessees of a railway in the United Kingdom or parties to an agreement for working a railway in the United Kingdom:

The term "person " includes a body corporate:

The term "court of summary jurisdiction" means any justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary magistrate, sheriff, sheriff substitute, or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, who is capable of exercising jurisdiction in summary proceedings for the recovery of penalties.

Inspection of Railways.

3. The Board of Trade may from time to time appoint any person to be inspector for the purpose of inspecting any railway and of making any inquiry with respect to any railway or into the cause of any railway accident which the Board of Trade are authorised to make or direct, and of enabling the Board of Trade to carry the provisions of any general Act relating to railways into execution, or for any of such purposes: Provided that no person so appointed shall exercise any powers of interference in the affairs of any company.

4. Every inspector under this Act shall for the purpose of any inspection or inquiry which he is directed by the Board of Trade to make or conduct have the following powers; (that is to say,)

(1.) He may enter and inspect any railway and all the stations, works, buildings, offices, stock, plant, and machinery belonging thereto:

(2.) He may by summons under his hand require the attendance of any person who is engaged in the management, service, or employment of a company as defined by this Act, and whom he thinks fit to call before him and examine for the said purpose, and may require answers or returns to such inquiries for the said purpose as he thinks fit to make from such person or company:

(3.) He may require and enforce the production of all books, papers, and documents of a company which he considers important for the said purpose.

5. The provisions of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1844, and the Acts amending the same, with respect to the opening of any railway, shall extend to the opening of any additional line of railway, deviation line, station, junction, or crossing on the level which forms a portion of or is directly connected with a railway on which passengers are conveyed, and has been constructed subsequently to the inspection of such railway on behalf of the Board of Trade previous to the original opening of such railway: Provided always, that the Board of TVade may, with respect to any of the works in this section

418

1871. Railway Regulation Amendment* Cfl. 78.

mentioned, from time to time upon the application of any railway company dispense with any notice which, under the provisions of the said Acts, is required to be given to the hoard of Trade previous to opening any railway.

Accidents.

6. Where in or about any railway or any of the works or buildings connected with such railway, or any building or place, whether open or enclosed, occupied by the company working such railway, any of the following accidents takes place in the course of working any railway; (that is to say,)

(1.) Any accident attended with loss of life or personal injury to any person whomsoever;

(2.) Any collision where one of the trains is a passenger train;

(3.) Any passenger train or any part of a passenger train accidentally leaving the rails;

(4.) Any accident of a kind not comprised in the foregoing descriptions, but which is of such a kind as to lxave caused or to be likely to cause loss of life or personal injury, and which may be specified in that behalf by any order to be made from time to time by the Board of Trade,

the company working such railway, and also, if the accident happen to a. train belonging to any other company, such last-mentioned company, shall send notice of such accident and of the loss of life or personal injury (if any) occasioned thereby to the Board of Trade.

Such notice shall be in such form and shall contain such particulars as the Board of Trade may from time to time direct, and shall be sent by the earliest practicable post after the accident takes place.

The Board of Trade may from time to time by order direct that notice of any class of accidents shall be sent to them by telegraph, and may revoke any such order. Notice of every such order shall be sent to every railway company, and while it is in force notice of every accident of the class to which the order relates shall be sent to the Board of Trade by telegraph immediately after the accident takes place.

Every company who fail to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

7. The Board of Trade may direct an inquiry to be made by an inspector into the cause of any accident, of which notice is for the time being required by or in pursuance of this Act to be sent to the Board of Trade; and where it appears to the Board of Trade, either before or after the commencement of any such inquiry, that a more formal investigation of the accident, and of the causes thereof, and of the airoumstances attending the same, is expedient, the Board of Trade may, by order, direct such investigation to be held, and

Mm3

Companies to make returns of accidents to Board of Trade.

Inquiry into accidents and formal investigation in serious cases.

414

Ch. 78. Railway Regulation Amendmenti 34 & 35 Vict.

with respect to such investigation the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The Board of Trade may, by the same or any subsequent order, appoint any person or persons possessing legal or special knowledge to assist an inspector in holding the same, or may direct the county court judge, stipendiary magistrate, metropolitian police magistrate, or other person or persons named in the same or any subsequent order, to hold the same with the assistance of an inspector or any other assessor or assessors named in the order:

(2.) The persons holding any such formal investigation (herein-after referred to as the court) shall hold the same in open court in such manner and under such conditions as they may think most effectual for ascertaining the causes and circumstances of the accident, and enabling them to make the report in this section mentioned:

(3.) The court shall have for the purpose of such investigation all the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction when acting as a court in the exercise of its ordinary jurisdiction, and all the powers of an inspector under this Act, and in addition the following powers; namely,

(a.) They may enter and inspect any place or building the entry or inspection whereof appeals to them requisite for the said purpose:

(6.) They may by summons under their hands require the attendance of all such persons as they think fit to call before them and examine for the said purpose, and may for such purpose require answers or returns to such inquiries as they think fit to make:

(c.) They may require and enforce the production of all books, papers, and documents which they consider important for the said purpose:

(d.) They may administer an oath, and require any person examined to make and sign a declaration of the truth of the statements made by him in his examination:

(e.) Every person so summoned not being a person engaged in the management, service, or employment of a company, or otherwise connected with a company, shall be allowed such expenses as would he allowed to a witness attending on subpoena before a court of record; and in case of dispute as to the amount to be allowed, the same shall be referred by the court to a master of one of the superior courts, who, on request under the hands olf die members of the court, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of such expenses s

415

187L Railway Regulation AmendmimL Ch. 78.

(4.) The inspector making an inquiry into any accident and the court holding an investigation of any accident shall make a report to the Board of Trade stating the causes of the accident and all the circumstances attending the same, and any observations thereon or on the evidence or on any matters arising out of the investigation which they think right to make to the Board of Trade, and the Board of Trade shall cause every such report to be made public in such manner as they think expedient.

8. Where any coroner in England holds or is about to hold Appointment an inquest on the death of any person occasioned by an c*^1^8Sor accident, of which notice for the time being is required by or in pursuance of this Act to be sent to the Board of Trade, and makes a written request to the Board of Trade in this bebalfj the Board of Trade may appoint an inspector or some person possessing legal or special knowledge to assist in holding such inquest, and such appointee shall act as the assessor of the coroner, and shall make the like report to the Board of Trade, and the report shall be made public in like maimer as in the case of a formal investigation of an accident under this Ant *

Rml/way Statistics.

9. Every company shall annually prepare returns of their Companies to capital, traffic, and working expenditure for the last preceding £j^h0fate- financial year of the company in accordance with the forms capital, traffic, contained in Schedule One to this Act, and a copy of each and working return, signed by the chairman or deputy chairman of the expenditure* directors of the company, and by the officer of the company responsible for the correctness of each return, or any part

thereof, shall be forwarded by the company to the Board of Trade at the times following; (that is to say,) if the company is an incorporated company, within fourteen days after the first ordinary half-yearly meeting of the company held in each year: if the company is not an incorporated company, or fails to hold half-yearly meetings, not later than the thirty-first day of March in each year.

Any company which fails to forward the said return in accordance with the provisions of this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day during which such default continues.

The Board of Trade, with the consent of a company, may alter the said forms as regards such company for the purpose of adapting them to the circumstances of such company or of better carrying into effect the objects of thiB section.

10. If any return which is required by this Act is false Penalty for in any particular to the knowledge of any person who signs false return* the same, such person shall be liable on conviction thereof on indictment to fine and imprisonment or on summary conviction thereof to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

416 Ch. 78. Railway Regulation Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

Miscellaneous.

Disobedience to or obstruction of inspector or court

Limitation of liability of companies on sea voyages in certain cases.

Punishment of juvenile offenders for casting stones, &c. on railway carriages, &c.

11. If any person, without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on him), does any of the following things; namely,

(1.) Having been summoned, and having had the expenses (if any) to which be is entitled tendered to him, fails to attend as a witness before any inspector under this Act, or before a court holding an investigation under this Act, or fails when required by the inspector or such court in pursuance of this Act so to do, to make any answer, or to'give any return, or to produce any document, or to make or sign any declaration; or

(2.) Prevents or impedes the inspector or such court in the execution of his or their duty, he shall for every such offence incur a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and in the case of a refusal to make any return or produce any document, not exceeding ten pounds during every day that such failure continues; and where the offence consists of preventing or impeding as aforesaid, the inspector, or any member of such court, or any person called by him to his assistance, may seize and detain the offender until he can be conveniently taken before a court of summary jurisdiction, to be dealt with according to law.

12. Where a railway company under a contract for carrying persons, animals, or goods by sea procure the same to be carried in a vessel not belonging to the railway company, the railway company shall be answerable in damages in respect of loss of life or personal injury, or in respect of loss of or damage to animals or goods, in like maimer and to the same amount as the railway company would be answerable if the vessel had belonged to the railway company; provided that such loss of life or personal injury, or loss or damage to animals or goods, happens to the person, animals, or goods (as the case may be) during the carriage of the same in such vessel, the proof to the contrary to lie upon the railway company.

13. The following Acts —

The Act of the session of the tenth and eleventh years of Her Majesty's reign (chapter eighty-two)," for the more speedy trial and punishment of " juvenile offenders " and The Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of Her Majesty's reign (chapter thirty-seven)," for the further extension of summary jurisdiction in cases of larceny," shall have effect as if there had been mentioned therein, in addition to the offence of larceny, the several offences following: The offences mentioned in sections thirty-two and thirty-three of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of Her Majesty's reign (chapter one hundred)," to consolidate

1871. Railway Regulation Amendment Ch. 78. 417

" and amend the Statute Law of England and " Ireland relating to offences against the person and

The offences mentioned in section thirty-five of the Act of the same session (chapter ninety-seven),

" to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of " England and Ireland relating to malicious injuries to property/ '

Nothing in this section shall affect any offence committed before the passing of this Act.

14. Section twenty-three of "The Regulation of Railways Penalty for Act, 1868/' shall have effect as if the words "after having ^p*y8ses °n " once received warning" were substituted therein for the

words " after having received warning."

Nothing in this section shall affect anything done before the passing of this Act.

15. Every penalty imposed by this Act shall be recovered Recovery, &c. and applied in the same manner as penalties imposed by 0 pen tieB* the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 (as the case

may require), are for the time being recoverable and applicable.

16. In the application of this Act to Scotland — Application

(1.) The term "attending on subpoena before a court of of Act to

" record" means attending on citation the Court of bcot ' Justiciary.

(2.) The Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer shall perform the duties of a master of one of the Superior Courts under this Act.

(3.) The term "stipendiary magistrate" means a sheriff or sheriff substitute.

17. The several Acts set forth in Schedule Two to this Repeal of Act shall be repealed to the extent to which such Acts are Acts* therein expressed to be repealed.

Provided that any inspector appointed under any enactment hereby repealed shall be deemed to have been appointed under this Act, and the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered before the passing of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed:

(2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred before the passing of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed:

(3.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred before the passing of this Act in respect of any offence against any enactment hereby repealed:

(4.) The institution or prosecution of any investigation or legal proceeding or any other remedy for ascertaining, enforcing, or recovering any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

18. This Act shall not come into operation until the first day Commence-of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one. ment of Act *

I —

00

o

o

FT

Return in pursuance of_

SCHEDULE ONE. RETURNS. Form I.

_j by the_

9

8

__________ __________Railway Company, of their authorised Share

and Loan Capital, and the Sums received in respect of their Ordinary Capital, and Preferential Capital, and Debenture Stock,

or Funded Debt, on the 31st December 18_______, specifying the Rate per Cent, of the Dividends for the year 18__, on each of the said Capitals, showing also the Loans outstanding on the 31st December 18________, classified according to the several Rates per

Cent, of Interest, and the Capital subscribed to other Undertakings, whether such Undertakings are on lease to, or worked by, the Subscribing Company, or are Independent.

Name of Comp ant. Authorised Capital up to the 31st December 18, including Capital authorised as Subscriptions to other Undert&kings, whether such Undertakings are on Lease to, or worked by, the Subscribing Company, or are Independent. Paid up Stock and Share Capital at 31st December 18, Including Subscriptions paid up to other Undertakings.

Ordinary. Rate per Cent, of Dividend. Guaranteed. V Guaranteed Rate of Dividend. 1 s 'o'J I. Preferential Preferential Rate of Dividend. 1 Rate of Dividend paid. Total paid up Stock and Share Capital at 81st Dec. 18 .

8hnj'cs. JB? Loans'J Total-

i i £ £ ti £ > - r £ e £ £

O

o

n

f: Capital raised by Loans and Debenture Stock at 31st December 18 . Total Stock and Share Capital paid up and Capital raised by Loans and Debenture Stock at 31st Dec. 18 . Subscriptions toother Companies. Ebmaeth.

Loans. Bate of Interest X Debenture Stock. Bate of Interest. Total raised by Loans and by Debenture Stookat 31st Dec. 18

Note. — This return should be dated and signed by the officer or officers of the company responsible for its correctness.

This should include all capital authorised to be raised by Acts of Parliament, or by certificates of the Board of Trade under the Railway Companies Powers Act, 1864; but should not include capital authorised only for purposes which have lapsed by abandonment or otherwise.

t In cases where a subscription is authorised out of existing capital, no addition should be made in respect of it to the sum entered in this column, but only

to the sum entered in the last column.

X Care should bo taken not to confound debenture stock with ordinary debenture loans} and not to enter the same sum under both heads.

U — I

to

1871. Bealway Regulation Amendment. Ch. 78.

Form II.

Return in pursuance of__________, of the Traffic in Passengers and Goods, during the Year ending 31st

December 18, upon the__________.__________Railway, and upon the f __________ Railways

belonging to, worked, or leased by the__________*___Railway Company.

Name of Company. Length of Lino open on 31st December 18 4 Passenger Traffic. Goods Traffic. \ Number of Miles travelled by Trains.

Number of Passengers conveyed. (Exclusive of holaers of Season and Periodical Tickets.) § Holders of Season or Periodical Tickets.

Minerals. Tons. General Merchandise. Tons.

Double Miles. Single Miles. Total Miles. 1st Class. 2d Class. 3d Class (including Parliamentary). Total. By Passenger Trains. By Goods and Mineral Trains. Total.

V

, biAS82?*8 uotityjnfotf fivaifivy; '82, 'HQ QZf

O

o

n

bO

r Receipts (Gross) from Passengor Traffic.

Receipts from Passengers. Total Receipts . from Excess | Luggage ,; Parcels, Carriages, | Horses, 1 Dogs. A. I conveyed in Passenger Trains.

1st Class. *d Class. 3d Class (Including Parliamentary), Holders of Season or Periodical Tickets. Total from Passengers. i Receipts from Mails. Total Receipts from Passenger Traffic.

£ £ £ £ e £ £ £

— 1

Merchan-

dise.

(OmmII

Traffic.

Live

Stock.

Minerals

Miscellaneous

Total Rents, Tolls,

Receipts Naviga-

from tion, Steam

Goods Boats,

Traffic. Ac.

Total Receipts from all Sources of Traffic.

This return should be dated and signed by the officer or officers of the company responsible for its correctness.

If the company's accounts are made up to a period differing from the above, the period which this statement embraces should be stated, f Insert here the names of all railways the traffic of which is included in this statement.

J This should not include the length of those lines belonging to other companies over which the company have merely " running powers." It should, however, include half the length of " joint lines."

§ Return tickets to be counted as two passengers, and children as whole passengers.

|| Insert here the actual number of ticket holders, and not an estimate of the number of journeys performed by them.

bo

1871. Railway Regulation Amendment. Ch. 78.

Form III,

Return in pursuance of__________ by the__________ Railway Company, of the Working

Expenditure and Rolling Stock of the__________Railway and of the*__________ Railways,

worked or leased by the__________ Railway Company.

o

o

n

1. 2. 3, 4. 5. 6 7. S. 9.

Length of T.inA Anon Working Expenditure During the year ending 31st December 18 .t \

Naxb of Railway Company, JUUiv on 31st December 18 4 Maintenance and Renewal of Way and Works. Locomotive Power (including Stationary Engines). Repairs and Renewals of Carriages and Waggons. Traffic Ctuuves (Coaching and Merchandise). General Charges. Rates and Taxee.§ Government Duty. Compensation for Personal

t Miles. £ £ t 1 — £ £ £ £ £ £

O

o

n

10.__________11.__________12. 13.__________14. 15. 17. 18. 19.__________20.

- — During the Tear ending 81st December 18 .f Rolling Stock \ on the 81st December 18

Compensation for Damage and Loss of Good8.ll Legal and Parliamentary Expenses. Steamboat, Canal, and Harbour Expenses. Miscellaneous Working Expenditure not included in the foregoing. Total Working Expenditure. Locomotives. C01CHHTG. Waggons of all Kinds used for the Conveyance of Live Stock, Minerals, or General Merchandise, Any other Carriages or Waggons used on the Railway. not Included in the preceding Columns. Total of the five preceding Columns.

Carriages used for the Conveyance of Passengers only. Other Vehicles attached to Passenger Trains.

£ £ i £ £ £ No. No. No. No. No. No.

Note. — This return should be dated and signed by the officer or officers of the company responsible for its correctness.

Here insert the names of the railways included in this statement

t If the company's accounts are made up to periods differing from the above, the period which this statement embraces should be stated.

X This should not include the length of those lines over which the company have merely " running powers." It should, however, include half the length

of " joint lines."

§ In the case of Scotch railways u Feu Duties " should not be included under this head, but under that of " Miscellaneous."

|| " Legal Expenses " connected with compensation should not be included under these heads, but under that of " Legal and Parliamentary Expenses."

N.B. — This return should include sums paid out of renewal or reserve funds of any kind, and the amounts so paid should be stated under the several heads to which they are applicable. It should not, however, include " interest on loans."

to

CO

1871. BaikvayRegulation Amendment. Ch. 78.

424

Ch. 78, 79. Railway Regulation Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict. SCHEDULE TWO.

Lodger, if distress levied, to make declaration that immediate tenant has no property in goods distrained.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97. An Act for regulating Railways The whole Act, excrot »o much of sections three and four as relates to a table of tolls, rates, and charges, sections seven to nine both inclusive, sections thirteen, fourteen, sixteen to nineteen both inclusive, and twenty-one.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. An Act for the better regulation of Railways and for the conveyance of Troops. Sections seven and eight.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 85. An Act to attach certain conditions to the construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament; and for other purposes in relation to Railways. Sections fifteen and sixteen.

CHAP. 79.

An Act to protect the Goods of Lodgers against Distresses for Rent due to the Superior Landlord.

[16th August 1871.]

WHEREAS lodgers are subjected to great loss and injustice by the exercise of the power possessed'by the superior landlord to levy a distress on their furniture, goods, and chattels for arrears of rent due to such superior landlord by his immediate lessee or tenant:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual aapid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. If any superior landlord shall levy or authorise to be levied a distress on any furniture, gbods, or chattels of My lodger for arrears of rent due to such superior landlord oy his immediate tenant, such lodger may serve such superior landlord, or the bailiff or other person employed by him to levy such distress, with a declaration in writing made by such lodger, setting forth that such immediate tenant has no right of property or beneficial interest in the furniture, goods, or chattels so distrained or threatened to be distrained upon, and that such furniture, goods, or chattels are the property or in the lawful possession of such lodger; and also setting forth whether any and what rent is due and for what period from

187J.

Lodgers Goods Protection.

Ch. 79, 80.

* 23

such lodger to his immediate landlord; and such lodger may pay to the superior landlord, or to the bailiff or other person employed by him as aforesaid, the rent, if any, so due as last aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to discharge the claim of such superior landlord. And to such declaration shall be annexed a correct inventory, subscribed by the lodger, of the furniture, goods, and chattels referred to in the declaration; and if any lodger shall make or subscribe such declaration and inventory, knowing the same or either of them to be untrue in any material particular, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.

2. If any superior landlord, or any bailiff or other person Penalty, employed by him, shall, after being served with the before-mentioned declaration and inventory, and after the lodger

shall have paid or tendered to such superior landlord, bailiff, or other person the rent, if any, which by the last preceding section such lodger is authorised to pay, shall levy or proceed with a distress on the furniture, goods, or chattels of the lodger, such superior landlord, bailiff, or other person shall be deemed guilty of an illegal distress, and the lodger may apply to a justice of the peace for an order for the restoration to him of such goods; and such application shall be heard before a stipendiary magistrate, or before two justices in places where there is no stipendiary magistrate, and such magistrate or justices shall inquire into the truth of such declaration and inventory, and shall make such ofrder for the recovery of the goods or otherwise as to him or them may seem just, and the superior landlord shall also be liable to an action at law at the suit of the lodger, in which action the truth of the declaration and inventory may likewise be inquired into. Proviso as to

3. Any payment made by any lodger pursuant to the first payments^/

section of this Act shall be deemed a valid payment on account lodger to supe-of any rent due from him to his immediate landlord. nor landlord *

4. This Act shall not extend to Scotland, Act D?t to

extend to Scotland.

CHAP. 80.

An Act to explain and amend the Law relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

[16th August 1871.]

WHEREAS by " The Industrial and Provident Societies " Act, 1867," ». 4, it is enacted, that upon such certificate as therein mentioned being granted to a society by the Registrar of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, or Ireland, the members of such society shall become a body corporate by the name therein described, having a perpetual succession and a common seal, with power to purchase, erect, and sell and convey, or to bold lands and buildings with limited liability:

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the operation of the said provision, and it is expedient to remove the same, and

Nn 3

426

Power to build, sell, lease, mortgage, &c.

As to copy-holds.

Receipt indorsed on mortgage to be sufficient discharge without reconveyance.

Ch. 80 I7tdu8trial and Provident Societies Arndt. 34 & 3S Vict.

also to amend the said Act, for the giving better effect to the said provision, and for the purposes after mentioned:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The rules of any industrial or provident society may provide from time to time for the erection of any houses, cottages, or other buildings on any lands from time to time held by the society, and for the altering or pulling down and again rebuilding of any buildings, whether erected by the society or otherwise vested in it; and for the management, laying out, leasing, and sub-leasing (whether at rackrent on building, mining, quarrying, or improving leases, or otherwise howsoever, and whether to members of the society or other persons,) and for the disposal and sale from time to time, whether to members or other persons, of any lands or buildings for the time being held by the society; and for the appropriation of the purchase moneys, rents, and other moneys to be received in respect of any lands or buildings; and for the advancing of any moneys by the society to members on the security of real or personal property; and the rules may prescribe the forms of conveyance, mortgage, transfer, agreement, bond, or other instrument necessary for carrying the purposes of the society into execution,

2. Where any society shall have become entitled in equity to any hereditaments of copyhold or customary tenure, either absolutely or by way of mortgage or security, the lords or ladies of the manors of which the same are held shall from time to time, if the society shall so require, admit such person or persons (not to exceed three) as such society shall appoint to be a trustee or trustees on its behalf as tenants in respect of such hereditaments, on payment of the usual fines, fees, and other dues payable on the admission of a single tenant, or may admit the society as tenant in respect of the same on payment of such special fine, or compensation in lieu of fine, and fees, as may be agreed upon between such lord or lady and the society.

3. A receipt under the seal of a society, countersigned by the secretary, for all moneys secured to the society by any mortgage or other assurance, such receipt to be in the form specified by the rules or any schedule thereto, and to be endorsed upon or annexed to such mortgage or other assurance, shall vacate the same, and vest the estate of and in the property therein comprised in the person entitled to the equity of redemption of the same, or in such person as the society may direct, without any reconveyance or resurrender whatever; and if such mortgage or other assurance has been registered under the Acts for the registration of deeds in Middlesex, Yorkshire, or Ireland, or recorded under the Record of Title Act, Ireland, or, in the case of copyholds or lands

427

1871. Industrial and Providmt Societies ATnendt Ch. 80, 81.

of customary tenure, entered on any court rolls, the registrar under the said Acts respectively, or his deputy or assistant registrar in Ireland, or the recording officer, as the case may be, or the steward of the manor or his deputy^ respectively, shall, on production of such receipt, verified by oath of one of the witnesses thereto, enter satisfaction on the register or on the court rolls respectively of such mortgage, or of the charge made by such assurance, and shall grant a certificate either upon such mortgage or assurance or separately to the like effect, which certificate shall be received in evidence in all courts and proceedings without further proof; and such registrar, recording officer, or steward shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and sixpence for making the said entry and granting the said certificate; and such fee shall in Ireland be paid by stamps, and applied as the other fees of the Registry of Deeds Office and Record of Title Office are now by law directed to be paid and applied *

4* All securities given or taken, assurances and deeds Confirmation executed, agreements and engagements entered into, proceedings taken, and acts done or suffered before the passing pas8ing°of of this Act, by, to, with, in trust for, or on account of a society Act which existing at the commencement of this Act, which, if given, ^een^d^f taken, executed, entered into, done, or suffered respectively made under after the passing of this Act, would have been valid, are this Act hereby confirmed and made valid.

5. The buying and selling of land shall be deemed to be a Construction trade within the meaning of the Industrial and Provident of Act* Societies Act, 1862, and the powers by this Act conferred on

any society shall be construed as explanatory of or in addition to any powers conferred by the fourth section of "The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1867," and not as restricting the same.

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited as " The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1871.' *

CHAP. 81.

An Act to abolish Reductions ex capite lecti in Scotland.

[16th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to abolish all challenges and reductions in Scotland ex capite lecti:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same;

That no deed, instrument, or writing made by any person No deed, &c. who shall die after the passing of this Act shall be liable to Uabl?10 re* challenge or reduction ex capite lecti ^phe lecti.

428 Ch. 82, 83. Church Building Acta Amendment. 34 & 35 VICT

[Short title.]

Statement of ownership of patronage not necessary, &c.

CHAP. 82.

Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 18 71.

[16th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the assignment of Consolidated Chapelry Districts:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1871."

2. Notwithstanding anything contained in the ninth section of the Act of the eighth and ninth Victoria, chapter seventy and in the nineteenth section of the Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth Victoria, chapter ninety-seven, it shall not be necessary in any representation to be hereafter made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England under the provisions of the same Acts for forming any consolidated chapelry to make any statement as to the ownership or exercise of the patronage of the church or chapel of the same consolidated chapelry; and the provisions contained in the said sections with respect to such ownership and exercise shall, so far as regards consolidated chapelries to be hereafter created, be and are hereby repealed.

Examination of witnesses on oath by the House of Commons and committees of the House.

CHAP. 83.

An Act for enabling the House of Commons and any Committee thereof to administer Oaths to Witnesses.

[16th August 187l.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the House of Commons, and any committee thereof, should respectively have the powers of administering oaths to witnesses:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ns follows:

1. The House of Commons may administer an oath to the witnesses examined at the bar of the said House.

Any committee of the House of Commons may administer an oath to the witnesses examined before such committee.

Any person examined as aforesaid who wilfully gives fake evidence shall be liable to the penalties of perjury.

Where any witness to be examined under this Act conscientiously objects to take an oath, be may make his solemn affirmation and declaration in the words following: (

' I, A.B., do solemnly, sincerely, and truly affirm and declare # that the taking of any oath is according to my religious

1871.

House of Commons (Witnesses), Ch* 83, 84 *

429

1 belief unlawful, and I do also solemnly, sincerely, and truly affirm and declare/ &c .:

any solemn affirmation and declaration so made shall be of the sattne force and effect, and shall entail the same consequences as an oath taken in the usual form.

Any oath or affirmation under this Act may be admfaf-stered by the Speaker of the House of Commons, or by such person or persons as may from time to time be appointed for that purpose either by him or by any Standing Order or other Order of the said House.

2. The first section of the Act of the session of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-eight, intituled An Act to enable the Committees " of both Houses of Parliament to administer oaths to " witnesses in certain cases/' and the third section of the Act of the present Session of Parliament, chapter three, intituled An Act to empower Committees on Bills confirmitg or " giving effect to Provisional Orders to award costs and u examine witnesses on oath," shall be repealed:

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred in respect of any offence against the sections hereby repealed, or the institution of any legal proceeding, or any other remedy for ascertaining, enforcing, or recovering any such penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

3. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to confer any additional or further power or privilege on the Commons House of Parliament with reference to impeachment or other criminal jurisdiction or otherwise howsoever than is herein expressly enacted.

4. This Act may be cited as " The Parliamentary Witnesses Oaths Act, 1871"

Repeal of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 78. 8. 1. and

34 & 35 Vict. c. 3. 8. 3.

As to additional power or privilege of House of Commons.

Short title of Act.

CHAP. 84.

An Act to amend " The Limited Owners Residences Actf 1870." [16th August 1871.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the meaning and construction of section three of u The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870," and it is expedient to repeal the said section, and make other provisions instead thereof:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Limited short title. Owners Residences Act (1870) Amendment Act, 1871"

2. From and after the passing of this Act, sections three Repeal of and six of "The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870," shall 33 & 34 Vict be and the same are hereby repealed.

c. 56. ss. 3. 6.

C. 84, 85. LimitedOvmtraReeidenoeaAd (1870)-4c&. 34 & 35 Ykx

3. The erection of a mansion house and such other usual

and necessary buildings, outhouses, and offices as are commonly

of " Improve' ment of Land Act, 1864.

What to be deemed im-

thkTmemiing appurtenant thereto and held and eqjoyed therewith, and the completion of any mansion house and such appurtenances as aforesaid, and the improvement of and addition to any mansion house and such appurtenances as aforesaid already erected, and the improvement of and addition to any house which is capable of being converted into a mansion house suitable to the estate on which the same stands, so as such improvement and addition be of a permanent nature, provided that every such mansion house so erected or enlarged or converted is suitable to the estate on which it stands as a residence for the owner of such estate, shall be improvements within the meaning of the " Improvement of Land Act, 1864," and may, subject to the provisions of the recited Act, be charged upon such estate.

The term "estate " in this section shall include all lands upon which any of such improvements is proposed to be made, and any other lands in the neighbourhood ox the same settled to the same uses.

4. " The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870," as amended by this Act, and this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

Construction of Act

1 & 2 Vict 43.

CHAP- 85.

An Act to make further provision respecting the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in Her Majesty's Forest of Dean, and in the hundred of Saint Briavels, in the county of Gloucester; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[16th August 1871.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the first and second years of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act for regulating the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in t(the Forest of Dean and Hundred of Saint Briavels, in the " county of Gloucester/' (in this Act referred to as the Act of 1838,) duly made and published in pursuance of the provisions in the said Act contained three several awards relating respectively to coal mines, iron mines, and quarries, and dated respectively the eighth day of March, the twentieth day of July, and the twenty-fourth day of July, in the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-one, the schedules to which awards annexed contained certain rules and regulations s And whereas the said Commissioners did by two rules respectively distinguished by the number in the second schedules to the said award of coal mines, and to the said award of iron mines respectively annexed (in this Act referred to as " Rule 4 "), prescribe the times within which persons

431

1871. Bean Forest and Hundred of St Briavels. Ch. 85.

then or thereafter holding unopened gales of coal and iron should bonA fide commence opening the same:

And whereas the said Commissioners did by two other rules respectively distinguished by the number 14 in the said second schedules to the said last-mentioned awards respectively annexed (in this Act referred to as "Rule 14") prescribe how and in what manner every galee or other person holding through or under him might make up the short workings of any year or years:

And whereas by another Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make 24 & 25 Vict. " further provision for the management of Her Majesty's c- 40»

" Forest of Dean and of the mines and quarries therein, and in the Hundred of Saint Briavels, in the county of Gloucester," certain parts of the Act of 1838, and certain of the Rules (other than Rule and Rule 14 herein-before referred to) made under the authority and in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Act, were altered and amended, and certain other provisions with reference to the mines and quarries within the said Forest and Hundred were made:

And whereas doubts as to the meaning of Rule and Rule 14 have arisen, and with a view to the quieting of such doubts, and to ascertaining and settling the meaning and application of the said rules, it is expedient that such provisions be made as are in this Act expressed:

And whereas it is also expedient to alter and amend certain parts of the said recited Acts, and of the said rules and regulations, and to make certain other provisions with reference to mines and quarries within the said Forest and Hundred:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Dean Forest (Mines) Act, 1871 "

2. In this Act — Interpretation.

The term u the Commissioners of Woods" shall mean the Commissioner or Commissioners for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues having the management and direction of Her Majesty's Forest of Dean:

The term u galee " or " galees " shall respectively include all persons holding or having any interest in or under any g&le or gales:

The terms a award of coal mines," a award of iron mines," shall mean respectively the award of coal mines and the award of iron mines made by the Commissioners in pursuance of the Act of 1838:

Limits of Act.

Construction of Act.

Mining Commissioners constituted.

Appointment of Commissioners.

Vacancies among Commissioners.

Commissioners neglecting to attend meetings to be considered as a refusal to act.

Ch. 85. Dean Foi'est and Hundred of St. Briavels. 34 & 35 Vict.

The term "principal Acts" shall mean the Act of 1838 and the Act 24 & 25 Vict. c. 40 .:

The term "prescribed" shall mean prescribed by any rules made in pursuance and under the authority of this Act

3. This Act shall apply to and be in force within the lints of the principal Acts, that is to say, within the whole of Her Majesty's Forest of Dean, and of the Hundred of Saint Briavels, excepting only such lands being part of the same and belonging to Her Majesty or to any of Her Majesty's subjects to which the provisions of the principal Acts do not extend, in consequence of notices on behalf of Her Majesty, or other the owner or owners of the said lands, having been given with respect to the same, under the provisions of the sixty-eighth section of the Act of 1838.

4. The principal Acts, so far as not inconsistent with this Act, and this Act shall be construed together and read as one Act.

PART I.

The Mining Commissioners of 1871.

5. There shall be three Commissioners for carrying the purposes of this part of this Act into execution, who shall be styled the Forest of Dean Mining Commissioners of 1871 (and to whom the term "the Commissioners " when used in this part of this Act refers).

6. One of the Commissioners, being a person engaged in or conversant with mercantile affairs, shall be appointed by the Board of Trade, one, being a mining engineer, shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, and one, being a barrister-at-law, shall be appointed by the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench. Any appointment of a Commissioner by the Board of Trade, either originally or for the purpose of filling up a vacancy, may be made by any writing under the hand of the secretary of such Board for the time being.

7. Any vacancy happening by death, resignation, refusal to act, or otherwise in the office of any of the Commissioner (appointed either originally or on a vacancy) shall be filled up by the appointment of another person, having the same qualifications as the vacating Commissioner, to be one of the Commissioners by the authority by whom the vacating Commissioner was appointed.

8. If any Commissioner (appointed either originally or on a vacancy) at any time wilfully absents himself from any three successive meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, such Commissioner not having been prevented by sickness or other inevitable cause, to be allowed by the Board of Trade, by some writing under the hand of the secretary to such Board for the time being, from attending or continuing at such meetings, then such non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a refusal to act within the meaning of this part of this Act.

1871. Dean Forest and Hundred of Briavels. Ch. 85.

438

Power to employ surveyors, See.

Expenses of Commissioners.

9. The three Commissioners shall, unless prevented by P°v*r of two sickness or other inevitable cause, sit together for the purposes Commissioner8-of this part of this Act, but the acts and decisions of two of the Commissioners shall be deemed to be acts and decisions of the Commissioners.

10. The Commissioners shall from time to time appoint Clerk to Com-by writing a clerk, who shall hold his office during their mi8Sloners-pleasure.

1L Each of the Commissioners and their clerk shall receive, Commissioners as remuneration for his services, such sum (not exceeding as mimeration^ to a Commissioner two hundred pounds) as the Commissioners &c. of. of Woods think reasonable and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall approve, and they shall be allowed all expenses properly incurred by them in executing this part of this Act.

12. The Commissioners may from time to time employ land surveyors, mining engineers, and valuers, in such manner as they think fit.

13. The remuneration of the Commissioners and of their clerk, and all expenses allowed to them, and the expenses of the employment of land surveyors, mining engineers, and valuers, shall be paid and defrayed by the Commissioners of Woods under the direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

14. Notices by this part of this Act required to be published by the Commissioners shall be published by insertion in the London Gazette, and in three newspapers printed or usually circulating in the county of Gloucester, and by bills posted on or in the Speech House in the Forest of Dean.

15. Notices, summonses, and other instruments issued by the Commissioners for service or delivery shall be under the hand of their clerk.

16. The Commissioners shall have the like protection and privileges in respect of any act done or omitted to be done in execution or intended execution of their duties under this part of this Act as justices of the peace acting in execution of their office have by law.

17. If any person wilfully disturbs or obstructs the Commissioners in the execution of their duties, he shall for every such offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

18. AH constables, bailiffs, and other officers shall give their aid to the Commissioners in the execution of their duties.

Mode of publication of notices by Commissioners.

Signature of notice, &c.

Protection of Commissioners.

Penalty for

disturbing

Commissioners.

Constables, &c. to aid.

Commissioners.

Duties of Commissioners.

19. The Commissioners may after doe inquiry ascertain and Subjects for declare — decision of

(a.) What is the true meaning, construction, effect, and operation of Rule and Rule 14 according to law, or (if it shall seem more for the substantial benefit of all parties concerned),

Commissioners to publish notices.

Hearing.

Power to send for persons and papers.

Ch. 85* Bean Forest and Bwndred of St. Briavds. 34 & 35 Vict.

(b.) What, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, shall be deemed te be tile meaning, construction, effect, and operation of Rule and Rule 14

And after ascertaining and declaring the matters aforesaid, or any of them, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, make new rules in place of and in substitution for Sole and Rule 14, or either of them; and such new rules when made shall, from and after the publication of the award of the Commissioners in manner by this Act directed, be substituted for Rule and Rule 14, or either of them, as the case may be; provided always, that in making any such new rules the Commissioners shall have regard to the provisions of the principal Acts.

And the Commissioners may settle and determine aH matters which may come before them under the provision of this part of this Act, not only in accordance with the legal and equitable rights of the parties as recognised in the courts of law and equity, but upon such terms and in such manner in all respects as they in their absolute and unfettered discretion may think most fit, equitable, and expedient, and as fully and effectually as could be done by Act of Parliaments

20. The Commissioners shall within one month after their appointment publish notices appointing a place at which documents may be delivered to their clerk, and at which copies of the rules made by them for regulating their proceedings may be obtained, such place being some convenient place to be appointed for such purpose by the Commissioners.

They shall within two months after their appointment publish notices appointing the times and places at which they intend to hold meetings for the purpose of carrying into effect the purposes of this part of this Act.

21. As soon as conveniently may be after the publication of the said notices, appointing the times and places of meetings, but not sooner than one month thereafter, the Commissioners shall consider the matters in question, and shall hear any free miners or galees desiring to be heard, and the Commissioners of Woods appearing in either case by themselves, their counsel, attorneys, or agents, and take evidence, if the Commissioners think proper, subject nevertheless to such rules for regulating the proceedings before the Commissioners as they may make.

22. The Commissioners, on the application of any person admitted to be heard, shall by summons require the attendance before them of any person to be examined as a witness before them) and shall, on the like application, by summons require any person to bring before them all books, papers, and writings in the possession, custody, or control of such person relating to any matter to be inquired into by the Commissioners.

1881. Jhan Fooreat and Hvmdred of&L Briavele. Ch. 85. 485

28. Every person so summoned shall attend as directed by Person sum-the summons, and answer all questions touching the matter °j^n^oimd to be inquired into, and baring and produce all papers, books, and writings required, according to the tenor of the summons; provided that any person so summoned shall not be bound to obey the summons unless a reasonable sum is first paid or tendered to him for this expenses.

24. If any person on whom any summons under the Penalty for authority of this part of this Act is served, either personally refu^n^U)06 or by delivery at his last known or usual place of abode or

business, tails to appear at the time and place therein specified without reasonable excuse, or if any person appearing in accordance with any such summons refuses to be sworn or make affirmation (as the case may be), or to make answer to any question put to him touching any matter being then inquired into by the Commissioners, or if any person fails to produce and show to the Commissioners any book, paper, or writing in his possession, custody, or control which they may require to be produced, every such person shall for every such offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, without prejudice to any other remedy against him.

25. The Commissioners, or any one of them, may administer Power for

an oath or an affirmation (where an affirmation in lieu of an Commissioners oath would be admitted in a court of justice) to any person Oath, &c. examined before them, and may take the affidavit or declaration of any person.

26. If any person on examination on oath or affirmation Penalty for before the Commissioners, or in any affidavit or declaration felse evidence, used before the Commissioners, wilfully gives false evidence,

be shall be deemed guilty of perjury.

27. The Commissioners may from time to time, if they Rules for think fit, make and publish such rules as seem proper (not ^f^l^ being inconsistent with the provisions of this part of this ini0 effect Act) with respect to the following matters:

1. The proceedings to be had before the Commissioners under this part of this Act.

2. The mode in which this part of this Act is to be carried

into execution.

3. As to any other matter or thing in respect of which it

may be expedient to make rules for the purpose of

carrying this part of this Act into execution.

Any rules made in pursuance of this section shall be deemed to be within the powers conferred by this part of this Act, and shall be of the same force as if enacted in this part of this Act.

Award.

28. The Commissioners shall make their award (hereafter Time for in this Act referred to as the award) not later than the thirty- award* first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-

two.

0 o 2

436

Content* of award.

The awards, &c. to be signed by the Commissioners in triplicate.

Publication of award by Commissioners

Cesser of duties of Commissioners.

Power to gaveller to accept sur-

Ch. 85. Dean Foi'est and Hundred of St. BriaveU. 34 & 35 Vict.

29. The award shall set forth — .

(1.) The decision of the Commissioners as

structioD, effect, and operatibri of Rule and Rulel4.; l

(2.) The rules (if any) iri sribstitntiriri' for Tltfle 4 i and Rule 14, or either of them. A '-1

(3.) Any other matters iri relation to which the

sioners have taken proceedings tlrider the aothdrtty of this Act, and which 'Bhdtrld'Sn* their bpinibnioriri part of th eft award. 1 v n uocitnj

30. The award hereby directed to be

in triplicate by the Commissioners; and within brie dal$d& month from the date thereof one part thereof shall^bri lodgW1 in the office of land revenue records' and enrblmenW, aritithef part with the clerk of the peabefor1 the coiiritj^ and a third part with the gavellerordeputy jm^llevfbfiite' said forest at his office fori the time beiri^ in the said ditmty of Gloucester; and the keeper1 of land teveriue recordsatri enrolments and clerk of the peace and deputy gaVeller furnish copies or extracts thereof at the rate of sixpencfc^er folio of seventy-two words, and shall, for a fee of two shSKrigs and sixpence, permit VJhe same to be examined and compared with the originals at all reasonable times by any person interested; and the said clerk of the peace, gaVeller, or deputy gaveller shall also at all reasonable times permit any person interested to inspect the said award, when sb deposited wS8i him as aforesaid, upon payment of a fee of two shillings Mid sixpence for each such inspection.

3L A copy of the said award shall be published' Commissioners once in the London Gazette, and in three 1 'newspapers printed or usually circulating in the county of | Gloucester once in each of three successive, weeks, and shall be posted on or in the Speech House in the Forest of Dean.

The said award shall from and after the publication-of a copy of the same in the London Gazette be effectual to all intents and purposes and binding upon all persons whomsoever, and shall have the like effect as if the same had been enacted by Parliament; and a production of a copy of such gazette purporting to be published by authority shall be admitted as evidence of such award, and of the several mhtfers set forth in the same, and that all the provisions of this Act in relation to such award have been duly complied with, by all courts, judges, justices, and others, without any proof being given that such copies were so printed. ' *'n

32. From and after the publication in the London Gagftte of a copy of the said award the duties and powers of the Commissioners shall cease and determine.

PART II.

Miscellaneous.

33. The gaveller may, for and on behalf of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, accept from the owner or owners of

1871. Dean Forest and Hundred of St Briavels. Ch. 85. 437

any gale the surrender of any part of such gale on such terms render of part and subject to such conditions as to rent, royalty, and other of a gale* liabilities in respect of the same as he shall think expedient apd proper, in like manner and subject to the like conditions as he is now under the provisions of the principal Acts empowered to apcept the surrender of a whole gale.

34. Where the interest of any free miner under the lease of Power to grant

any quarry within the said forest has been assigned to any of

person or persons not being a free miner or free miners, the assignees of Commissioners of Woods may, on the surrender or on the free miners, determination of the term of such lease, and of the term of

any lease made under the authority of this section, grant to the person or persons in possession under and by virtue of such assignment or lease a new lease of such quarry for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, subject to such rent and under such conditions as may be agreed upon, in like maimer as if such person or persons so in possession were a free miner or free miners.

35. From and after the passing of this Act all sums of Minimum or money payable to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, by b^adeVp way of galeage or dead or certain rent, in respect of all gales, to 81st De-shall be made up to and paid to Her Majesty, her heirs and cember. successors, on the thirty-first day of December in every year,

with such apportionment, if any, as may be necessaty in respect of the first of any such payments under this Act, and all sums of money payable to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, by way of royalties or tonnage duties in respect of all gales shall be made up to and paid to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, on the thirtieth day of June and the thirty-first day of December in every year.

36. The provisions of an Act passed in the session of Parlia- Amendment of

ment held in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of His Majesty 59 3- c- 86 *

King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the "

" exercise of the right of common of pasture in the New " Forest, in the county of Southampton, for repealing certain " parts of two Acts passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth " and the fifty-second years of His present Majesty, and for the better collection and recovery of the gale rents in the " Forest of Dean, in the county of Gloucester," with respect to the recovery of money due for or in respect of gale rents payable within the said Forest of Dean, shall extend and apply to the recovery of all sums due to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in respect of galeage or dead or certain rent, royalty, or tonnage duty due in respect of any gale within the limits of this Act.

37. From and after the passing of this Act section forty-nine As to costs of of the Act of 1838 shall be and the same is hereby repealed, arbitration, and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall have effect,

that is to say, on the appointment by the Court of Exchequer of anyarbifrator under the provisions of section forty-seven of the said Act, the rate and mode of the remuneration of

Oo 3

438

C. 85, 86. Decun Forest and Hundred of StSriavels. 34 & 35 Vict.

such arbitrator shall fee fixed by the court, and such remuneration and the expenses of such arbitrator, and also the remuneration and expenses of any arbitrator to be appointed under the provisions of the said section forty-seven by the gaveller or deputy gaveller for the time being, and any such person or persons as are in the same section mentioned, shall in the first instance be paid by the gaveller or the Commissioners of Woods on behalf of the Crown, but the Crown or the gaveller shall in every case be entitled to recover one moiety of such remuneration and expenses from the other party or parties to the arbitration: And the gaveller or deputy gaveller on the one hand, and the other party or parties to the arbitration on the other hand, shall in every case each respectively pay their or his own costs and expenses of and incident to the arbitration.

Scale of plans 38. All plans required to be made and kept under the

of new works, provisions of the principal Acts and the rules made under the authority and in pursuance of the same shall, after the passing of this Act, be made on the scale of three chains to an inch.

CHAP. 86.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Regular and Auxiliary Land Forces of the Crown; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[17th August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better regulation of the regular and auxiliary land forces of the Crown, and for other purposes relating thereto:

And whereas by Royal Warrant, dated the twentieth day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, all regulations regulating or fixing the prices at which any commissions in Her Majesty's Forces may be purchased, sold, or exchanged, or in any way authorising the purchase or sale or exchange for money of any such commissions, from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, in this Act referred to as the said appointed day, have been cancelled and determined:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

Short title 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Regulation of Act. of the Forces Act, 1871."

Part I. Commissions. No punishment for sale, &c. of commissions

PART I.

Commissions in Her Majesty's Forces.

2. No person shall be punished under the Acts fifth and sixth Edward the Sixth, chapter sixteen, and forty-ninth George

1871. Army Regulation. Cfir. 86.

the Third, chapter one hundred and twenty-six, or either of them, or by or in pursuance of the sentence of any court-martial, for any offence committed previously to the said appointed day in relation to any purchase, sale, or exchange of commissions having a regulation price, or in relation to any bargain, aet, or deed relating thereto.

3. Every officer holding on the said appointed day a saleable commission in Her Majesty's Army shall, on his retirement under the circumstances herein-after mentioned, be entitled in respect of such commission to receive, on application to the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and in this Act referred to as the Commissioners, such price or sum as is herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

1. Where such officer is permitted to retire from a regiment

in the Army under circumstances in which, if the said Royal Warrant had not issued, he would have been permitted to retire by sale of his commission:

He shall be entitled to receive a sum equal to the estimated price at which the commission held by him on the said appointed day would have been saleable if the said Royal Warrant had not issued.

2. Where such officer is permitted to retire on full pay or to

go on half pay, on promotion or otherwise, and proves to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that he would, if the said Royal Warrant had not issued, have on such retirement received according to the custom of his regiment a certain sum of money:

He shall be entitled to receive the over-regulation price of the commission which was held by him on the said appointed day.

3. Where such officer being on half pay is permitted to

retire from the Army by commutation of his half pay, and proves to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that if the said Royal Warrant had not issued he would have been eligible, by the regulations of the Army in force at the time of the passing of this Act, for retirement by sale of his commission, whether on exchanging to full pay or otherwise:

He shall be entitled to receive such sum, if any, as, in addition to the sum paid by the Commutation Board under the Pensions Commutation Act, 1869, will amount to the regulation price of the saleable commission held by him on the said appointed day.

Provided that —

The number of half-pay officers of each rank entitled in any one year to receive compensation on retirement shall not exceed the limit specified in the table in the schedule hereto.

a A saleable commission 99 in this Act means a commission in the Army in respect of which Her Majesty's warrant for the pay and promotion of the Army, and the regulations of the

439

Part I. Commissions. previous to appointed day.

Compensation to officers holding saleable commissions.

440

Part I. Commission*.

Ch. 86. Army Regulation. 34 & 35 Vict.

Army in force at the time of issuing of the said Royal Warrant provide that on the occasion of the holder vacating the same a certain price may be given.

" The estimated price at which a commission would have been saleable if the said Royal Warrant had not issued " shall in this Act be the regulation price of such commission, together with the over-regulation price, if any.

"The regulation price of a commission" shall mean the price authorised to be given or received in respect of such commission by Her Majesty's warrant for the pay and pro* motion of the Army, and the regulations of the Army in force at the time of the issuing of the said Royal Warrant, and in the case of an officer holding, on the said appointed day, a commission, the full price of which (if such commission were sold on that day) he would not be entitled to receive, shall include any allowance made in respect of such commission by the said warrant and regulations on account of service, whether performed before or after the said appointed day.

u The over-regulation price " of a commission in any regiment shall be the customary sum, if any, payable in that regiment beyond the regulation price on the occasion of such commission being vacated, and shall be determined by the Commissioners, as nearly as may be, according to the custom prevalent in the regiment prior to the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

Where an officer retires from the Army in a higher rank than that held by him on the said appointed day, and proves to the Commissioners that he has served previously to the said appointed day a number of years, the value of which service, calculated as herein-after mentioned, amounts to a sum exceeding the regulation price of the commission held by him on the said appointed day, then, if otherwise entitled, he shall receive, instead of the regulation price of such last-mentioned commission, the value of such service, calculated as aforesaid, to an amount not exceeding the regulation price of a commission of the rank next above the rank held by him on the said appointed day.

The rate at which the value of such service as aforesaid shall be calculated shall, in the case of service as an officer, be fifty pounds for every year of home service, and one hundred pounds for every year of foreign service, and in the case of service in the ranks shall be twenty-five pounds for every year of home service, and fifty pounds for every year of foreign service.

No officer shall receive over-regulation price under this Act who has at any time previously realized such price or any part thereof.

No officer, on retirement from the Army, shall receive in pursuance of this Act a greater sum in respect of such retirement than he would have received if the said Royal Warrant had not issued.

1871.

Army Regulation.

Ch. 86.

441

4. The Commissioners shall have power to consider the

claims on retirement of any officers who on the said appointed ^ommtSiitons-day are serving in the regiments of the line following, that is to°officers of D to say, the cavalry regiments numbered nineteen, twenty, certain Indian and twenty-one, and the infantry regiments numbered from re^raents* one hundred and one to one hundred and nine, both inclusive, and to grant to such officers whenpen&iitted to retire a compensation equal to the Bums they would have received accordingj to the custom of their regiment from the junior officers of their fcegiments t had thty retired therefrom prior to the said ap^K>in#ed day.

5. All expenses incurred by the Commissioners in carrying Provision for

iiStdieffefet thid I Act shall be defrayed out of monteys to h^ compOTsating provided by Ph^liaiUent. I j V us >:r r: .officers.

LiS't '* . ' # 1-1 I ' . KT \'i; >, } ' v *., , j vl, 'i'":, .

PA^T It Part II.

AuXJLUflY F08CB8. ., <> v .;

6. After ad*iytobe named byottferof Her Majesty . Jurisdiction of in Council, all jurisdiction, powers, duties, command, '^nd Heute?an.ts of privileged 6ver, of, or in relation to the militia, yeomanry,

and volunteers of England, Scotland, and Ireland, or* bny of auxiliary such forces Or any part thereof j vested in or exerciseable by for's re-vested the lieutenants of counties, or by the Lord lieutenant ofm er aje8ty* Ireland, either of his own motion or with the advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, shall reverb to Her Majesty, and shall bb exeroish&ble by Her Majesty, through her Secretary of Staite, Or iatty officers; to whom Her Majesty may, by and with the advice of hersaid Secretary of State, delegate tuch jhriddiction, powerdj duties. Command, and privileges, or any of them Or any part thereof; saving nevertheless to the lieutenants of counties, and to the Lord. Lieutenant of Ireland, their jurisdictions, powers, duties, and privileges in relation to the appointment of deputy lieutenants, and saving also to the lieutenants of counties their jurisdictions, powers, duties, and privileges in relation to the raising of the militia by ballot, and the proceedings incidental thereto; and after the day named as last aforesaid all officers in the militia, yeomatory, and volunteers of England, Scotland, and Ireland shall hold commissions from Her Majesty, and such commissions shall be prepared, authenticated, and issued in the manner in which commissions of officers in Her Majesty's land forces are prepared, authenticated, and issued according to any law or custom for the time being in force, and all commissions held on the appointed day by officers in the militia, yeomanry, and volunteers shall be deemed to have been so issued.

Commissions or first appointments to the rank of cornet, ensign, or lieutenant in any regiment or corps of militia, yeomanry, or volunteers shall be given to persons recommended by the lieutenants of the county to which such regiment or corps belongs if a person approved by Her Majesty is recommended for any such commission or appointment by

442 Ch. 86. Army Regulation. 34 & 35 Ties.

JLL such lieutenant within thirty days after notice of a vacancy for such commission or appointment has been given to such lieutenant by the said Secretary of State by letter addressed to him by post.

7. The first class of the army reserve, tie militia reserve, and the militia shall consist respectively of such number of men as may from time to time be provided by Parliament.

8. Men enlisted in the militia shall attend at the headquarters of the militia in which they are enlisted, or at such other place and at such time as may be directed by tie Secretary of State, for preliminary instruction for a period of not more than six months.

Application of 9# When any part of the volunteer force is assembled for

wl^teersCt to purpose of being trained and exercised with the militia

when in train- or regular forces, the Mutiny Act and Articles of War shall in£* apply to the part of the volunteer force so assembled in the same manner as they apply in pursuance of the Volunteer Act, 1863, to volunteers on actual military service.

Forces,

Number of

auxiliary

forces.

Training for militia.

Tart III. Supplemental Provisions. As to Sale of Commissions. Appointment of Commissioners to compensate officers.

Appointment of clerks.

Towers and duties of Commissioners.

PART III.

Supplemental Provisions.

Ae to Sale of Commissions.

10. For the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of this Act relating to the payment of money to officers in respect- of their commissions, Her Majesty may by wamnt under her sign manual appoint any number of persons not exceeding three to be Commissioners during Her Majesty's pleasure, and may, on the occasion of any vacancy in the office of any Commissioner by death, resignation, or otherwise by the like warrant appoint some other fit person to fill such vacancy. The Commissioners so appointed shall be a body corporate with a common seal, and shall be styled "The Army Purchase Commissioners."

There may be paid to all or any one or more of the Commissioners appointed under this Act such salary or compensation for their or his services as the Treasury may determine.

Any act or thing required or authorised to be done by the Commissioners may be done by any two of them.

11. The Commissioners may, with the sanction of the Treasury as to number and salaries, appoint and from time to time remove such clerks and servants as the Commissioners may require for the purposes of this Act, award them their salaries, and assign to them their duties.

12. The following enactments shall be made with respect to the proceedings of the Commissioners; (that is to say,)

1. The Commissioners shall as soon as possible after their appointment ascertain the regulation price and the over-regulation price, if any, of every saleable 'Commission:

V.

Army Regulation.

Ch. 86.

US

Part III.

rrommons. As to Sale Commissions.

t. The Commissioners may examine on oath any witnesses for the purpose of ascertaining any matter required to* be ascertained by them for the purposes of this Act, and may administer an oath for the purpose of such examination:

3. Any person examined as a witness by the Commissioners who in their opinion makes a full and true disclosure touching all the matters in respect of which he is examined shall receive a certificate under the hand of one or more of the Commissioners, stating that the witness has upon his examination made a full and true disclosure as aforesaid; and if any civil or criminal proceeding be at any time thereafter instituted against such witness in respect of any matter touching which he has been so examined, the tribunal before which such proceeding is instituted shall, on the production and proof of the certificate, stay the proceeding, and may in its discretion award to such witness any costs he may have been put to by the institution of the proceeding; and no evidence taken by the Commissioners shall be admissible against any person in any civil or criminal proceeding whatever, except in the case of a witness who may be accused' of having given false evidence before such Commissioners.

4 The Commissioners shall account to the Treasury in such form, and at such intervals of time, as the Treasury may direct, for all acts done by them in pursuance of this Act, and an abstract of the accounts of the Commissioners shall from time to time be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

5. The Commissioners may, in the ease of any officer applying for the price of his commission, make such investigations as they may think necessary, for the purpose of ascertaining whether such officer has or has not received any payment for his commission, or otherwise dealt with the same in contravention of this Act, and no officer who has received any payment for his commission or otherwise dealt with the same in contravention of this Act shall be entitled to receive any payment from the Commissioners under this Act.

18. No appeal shall be had from any decision of the Com- Decision of missioners under this Act; and the Commissioners shall not ^°^n^i^ers be compelled by mandamus, injunction, or order of any court 8°ve u" to exercise or abstain from exercising any power conferred on them by this Act.

As to Auxiliary Forces,

14. All returns required or authorised to be made in Returns in relation to the militia by any Act for the time being in force ^tilThow Bbafl be made to such persons as may be prescribed by the to be made. Secretary ef State.

Part III. Supplemental Provisions. Order as to billeting and quartering of militia.

Part IV. Afiscellaneous, &c.

Power of Government on occasion of emergency to take possession of railroads.

Ch. 8G. Amny Regulation. 34 & 35 Vict.

15. Any order relating to the quartering or billeting of any regiment or part of a regiment of militia or yeomanry which might, if this Act had not passed, have been made by or on the application of the lieutenant of the county, may henceforth be made by or on the application of the colonel or other commanding officer for the time being of the regiment or part of a regiment of militia or yeomanry requiring to be quartered or billeted.

PART IV.

Miscellaneous and Definitions.

16. When Her Majesty, by Order in Council, declares that an emergency has arisen in which it is expedient for the public service that Her Majesty's Government should have control over the railroads in the United Kingdom, or any of them, the Secretary of State may, by warrant under his hand, empower any person or persons named in such warrant to take possession in the name or on behalf of Her Majesty of any railroad in the United Kingdom, and of the plant belonging thereto, or of any part thereof, and may take possession of any plant without taking possession of the railroad itself, and to use the same for Her Majesty's service at such times and in such manner as the Secretary of State may direct; and the directors, officers, and servants of any such railroad shall obey the directions of the Secretary of j State as to the user of such railroad or plant as aforesaid for Her Majesty's service.

Any warrant granted by the said Secretary of State in pursuance of this section shall remain in force for one week only, but may be renewed from week to week so long as, in the opinion of the said Secretary of State, the emergency continues.

There shall be paid to any person or body of persons whose railroad or plant may be token possession of in pursuance of this section, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such full compensation for any loss or injury they may have sustained by the exercise of the powers of the Secretary of State under this section as may be agreed upon between the said Secretary of State and the said person or body of persons, or, in case of difference, may be settled by arbitration in manner provided by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845/ '

Where any railroad or plant is taken possession of in the name or on behalf of Her Majesty in pursuance of this section, all contracts and engagements between the person or body of persons whose railroad is so taken possession of and the directors, officers, and servants of such person or body of persons, or between such person or body of persons and any other persons in relation to the working or maintenance of the railroad, or in relation to the supply or working of the plant of such railroad, which would, if such possession had

445

Army Regulation.

Ch. 86.

not been taken, have been enforceable by or against the said person or body of persons, shall during the continuance of such possession be enforceable by or against Her Majesty.

For the purposes of this section " railroad " shall include any tramway, whether worked by animal or mechanical power, or partly in one way and partly in the other, and any stations, works, or accommodation belonging to or required for the working of such railroad or tramway.

" Plant " shall include any engines, rolling stock, horses, or other animal or mechanical power, and all things necessary for the proper working of a railroad or tramway which are not included in the word " railroad."

17. The provisions of Part V. of the Volunteer Act, 1863, intituled " Acquisition of Land for Ranges," shall extend —

(1.) To the acquisition of land or any easement in land by any volunteer corps for the purpose of storing arms, making drill sheds, or any other military purpose approved by the Secretary of State as being conducive to the better efficiency of the corps; and

(2.) To the acquisition of land or any easement in land by a regiment of militia or yeomanry for rifle or artillery practice, and for the erection of butts, targets, batteries, and other accommodations for the use of the regiment when practising with rifles or artillery, or for any other purpose for which a volunteer corps may acquire land, and all the provisions of the said Part V. shall apply accordingly, and be construed as if the words " any regiment of militia or yeomanry " were therein substituted for the words " any volunteer corps."

18. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the raising and application of the trophy tax as heretofore levied and applied in the city of London.

Part IV. Miscellaneous,

Power of militia and volunteer corps to acquire land for any necessary purposes.

Saving as to trophy tax.

Dejmitions.

19. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the Interpretation following terms have the meanings herein-after respectively ^mslnfte assigned to them; that is to say, — Act.

" The Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

" Lieutenant of a County " includes a Vice-Lieutenant, also the Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the City of London, the Governor of the Isle of Wight, the Warden of the Cinque Ports, the Warden of the Stannaries, the Constable of the Tower, and any other officer or officers however named having a jurisdiction in relation to the General or Local Militia similar to that of Lieutenant or Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of a county:

" Lord Lieutenant of Ireland " shall include the lords justices or other chief governors or governor of Ireland for the time being:

Part IV. Miscellaneous,

fir *

Prosecutions for offences under 29 Car. 2. c. 7. to be only by chief officer of police or with consent of two justices of the peace, See.

Ch. 86, 87. Army Regxdation. 34 & 35 Vj&

" Army Reserve" means the reserve forces established by the Reserve Force Act, 1867, and any Act amending the same:

" Militia " shall include general and local militia:

"Militia Reserve" means the men enlisted from time to time under the Militia Reserve Act, 1867, or any Act amending the same:

" Officer" means "commissioned officer"

SCHEDULE above referred to *

TABLE.

Rule for finding the limit of the number of half-pay officers of each rank entitled in any one year to receive compensation on commutation of their half pay.

Find the number of officers in each rank of the service who have retired from half pay by sale of their commissions in each of the five years preceding the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy, whether immediately after returning from half pay to full pay or otherwise.

The largest number in any one of the five years as respects each rank is the limit to be found.

CHAP. 87.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Prosecutions for Offences against the Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, chapter seven, intituled "An Act for the better M observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called C(Sunday." [17th August 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by u and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. No prosecution or other proceeding shall be instituted against any person or the property of any person for any offence committed by him under the Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, chapter seven, intituled An Act for the better observation of the Lord's " Day, commonly called Sunday," or for the recovery of any forfeiture or penalty for any such offence, except by or with the consent in writing of the chief officer of police of the police district in which the offence is committed, or with the consent in writing of two justices of the peace or a stipendiary magistrate having jurisdiction in the place where such offence is committed. No such prosecution shall be heard before the justices of the peace or stipendiary magistrate by whom or with whose consent the same has been instituted.

2. In this Act — Interpretation.

The term "police district" means the districts mentioned in the schedule to this Act, and the term "chief officer of police" means the officers mentioned in relation to each district in that schedule; all the police under one chief constable shall be deemed to constitute one force for the purposes of this Act.

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as " The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871."

4. This Act shall continue in force until the first day of Duration of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and Act-no longer.

SCHEDULE.

Police District Chief Officer of Police.

The City of London and the liberties thereof, exclusive of Southwark. Hie metropolitan police district Any county, any riding, parts, division, or liberty of county, any borough or town maintaining a separate police force. The Commissioner of Police of the City. The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. The chief constable or head constable or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the police district.

CHAP # 00 00

An Act to restrict during a limited time the grant by Justices of the Peace of new Licenses and Certificates for the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors by Retail; and for other purposes.

[17th August 1871.]

WHEREAS under The Intoxicating Liquors (Licensing) 9 G. 4. c. 6i.

* Act, 1828, and The Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, and 32 & 33 Vict-The Wine and Beerhouse Act Amendment Act, 1870, justices g3 ^*34 vict of the peace grant licenses for and certificates authorising the c. 29. grant of excise licenses for the sale of intoxicating liquors by retail:

And whereas it is expedient to restrict the issue of new licenses and certificates until the Legislature has further dealt with the law relating to the sale by retail of intoxicating liquors:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L After the passing of this Act — Restriction on

(1.) The justices at the general annual licensing meet- new

ing or any special sessions shall not grant, otherwise than by way of renewal, or in pursuance of the Pp 2

448

Removals of licenses.

Ch. 88. Intoxicating IAquor&IAcMWw Suspension &4&35Ykt.

i; proviBionfl of section; fouarteen of Iptoodcating

, : I iacfuoisi (Iiiotosing}'Act^l8£8^a^>'B^ Hcanaennda-d 7; tbfjt Act, or any new rowtifideitetiJuiKki: JfliaolSpe 1 J and: Beerhouse; Act, < 186di tfap TActsri aiaffln^rng i the Satne respectively, exo&pt in^aqeprdflmoe) with fe r. ' .* 1 provisionsl of this Act - »>// m.n'i 2]

; (2.) The justices in dny geperdt eri quaarter sessio»&jfhftil

not grant, except by W&yjGfretoeWaty nyjnfewdioqMe for music - or d^npin ^, sunder; ttye, Act of, thfcMfljrty-fifth year :of^ the .-^i^nrpif 1 '-Ki^g chapter thirty-six, iiftitqled ft An Act for the fotte, preyentingjthefts andxpbberies, and fo^r^ji^g " plappeitr. public

e^ii^lf; ^QrjdC|rl^ hp.um" tfoj*ahwe licensed Jor fthe, sifc pt, licjuprs

in accordance witty the ^oymon^'of this / If it .appeara, to ttye justices th^t* .'^lie, ^efirsajt, such new license or certificate "will cause m(K>nvenien<fc td^tye locality, or . Jto the public, or, .ty, ^.rto-. any pei^on %$Aj corporate, such justices may grant provisionally such tyme or, certificate, and shall forthwith *, send to a Sepretaiy 9pt^ a report in writing of such provisional grant, spepjfytyjgJ^ circumstances on account of which $uch grant fo made v It shall be lawful for thp Secretary of t Stijte to cpnfiri^ provisional grant., and upon such confirpcation the lic^e^jr certificate shall "be granted accordingly; : . but/ tty$jjfg-visional grant, unless and until it is so confirmed, shall aalve no efect. '-./ 1 ' ' ' *'..// ''ur^611

No person shall be authorised to appeal quarter sessions against any act done by the Justices in pursuance df this section. (<: ir /r .£

Where, oh an application to a court of quarter sessions for one of the superior courts of law at Wesbnfinster, ^th reference to the reftifcal of any justices before the paariag U this Act to grant a license or certificate, itis decided (either before or after the passing of this Act) that such licens or certificate ouglft to have been granted) such license eroerfciflo&te shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to late been granted at the date of such refusal.

2. The justices at the general annual licensing sessions may, at their discretion, remove a license or certificate frotn premks in their division, or in any adjoining; division withintbe same county, to any other eligible premises in thehr division, if in their opinion the removal is necessary in order to, me*t the wants or the neighbourhood t6 which the removal is to be made, and if no objection is made by the occupier of the premises from which the removal is to be maide, or by any other person appearing to the justices to have reasonable ground of objection to the removal; and they may, foV the purposes of this section, require such proof and make «nch adjournments as they think fit. ' y

e u

to geneSf ^r

449

18?li Intoxicating Liquors Licenses Suspension. Ch. 88.

If the justices refuse an. appliestk>n for any eu$li removal of a license or certificate no appeal shall be allowed to the applicant, but in the event of the justices granting such application any person; whether he has appeared or not before the justices to oppose such application, may, if he is interested in the premises from which the removal is to be made, appeal to quarter sessions in manner prescribed by "The Intoxicating liquors Licensing Act, 1828."

The like notices shall be given of every intended application for aTemoval as are by u The Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869," tAd "The Wine and Beerhouse Act Amendment Act, 1870/' required in the case of an application for a new certificate under the said Acts for premises not previously licensed.

The said notices shall not later than one week or earlier than one month before the general annual licensing sessions be advertised once in each of two successive weeks in some newspaper circulating in the division where the premises to Which the removal is to be made are situated. When a removal is proposed to be made from one division to another, notices shall also be given and advertised in like manner in the division and in respect of the premises from which the removal is to be made, stating the intention to apply for a removal and the place and time at which the application is to be made; and no such removal shall be made from one division to another without the consent of the justices of the division from which such removal would take place.

For the purposes of this section the term "division" means a division or place within the meaning of "The Intoxicating Liquors (Licensing) Act, 1828."

8. Whereas under The Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, and Discretion of The Wine and Beerhouse Act Amendment Act, 1870, justices ^f^fusai t<» are prohibited in the case of any house or shop with respect grant certifi-to which a license for the sale by retail therein of beer, cider, cat«? undr. or wine was in> force on the first day of May one thousand ^27. aL Ct eight hundred and . sixty-nines, from rising an application for 33 & 34 Vict. a certificate in respect of such house, except upon the grounds c* 29 therein mentioned, and doubts have arisen whether such prohibition extends to the case of an application for a certificate with respect to any such house or shop, if the license which was in force on the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, or any certificate sinoe granted in respect of the said house or shop, has by forfeiture, lapse of time, or otherwise ceased to be in force; and it is expedient to remove such) doubts: It is therefore hereby declared, that in the case of any such application the justices may, in their <hfi(^ion the application upon any ground upon which they might* refuse the application, if made for; a certificate with respect to any Louse, or; shop, with respect to which a license was net ia force on the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine .;

Pp 3

450

Retail licenses in Ireland.

Definitions.

Construction of Act.

4. And whereas it is also expedient that no increase shill be made in the number of licenses for the sale of spirits, beer, ale, porter, cider, perry, foreign wine, sweets or made wine (in this section referred to as intoxicating liquors) by retail in Ireland pending the amendment of the general law regulating the grant or issue of such licenses: Be it therefore enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act no new license or certificate shall be granted by the justices of the peace in quarter sessions or petty sessions for the sale of intoxicating liquors by retail, whether for consumption or non-consumption on the premises, to any person whomsoever in Ireland: Provided always, that the words " new license " shall not include any retail license granted by way of renewal Or in exchange for any similar license existing at the passing of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to prohibit the transfer of retail licenses, so that the number thereof be not increased, or to limit oj* affect the power now vested by law in the recorder of any city or borough in Ireland, or in the chairman and justices of quarter sessions in Ireland, with respect to the granting or refusing applications for new retail licenses in case of the surrender or proposed surrender of any existing retail license.

If it appears that by reason of the foregoing provisions inconvenience will result to any locality or to the public, or that injury will be done or suffered to or by any person or body corporate, such retail license may, notwithstanding such provisions, be granted if application is made in that behalf in the manner in use prior to the passing of this Act, and, together with such application, a statement setting forth that such inconvenience or injury is likely to arise, and sufficient grounds for such statement are proved, and the person or persons granting the same shall forthwith send to the Chief Secretary to the Lord lieutenant of Ireland a report in writing of such grant, specifying the circumstances on account of which such grant is made, it shall be lawful for such Chief Secretory to confirm such grant, and upon such confirmation such license shall be in force and have effect accordingly: Provided always, that no such license shall be of any force or validity until the same is confirmed in manner aforesaid.

5. In this Act, —

The term "Intoxicating Liquors (Licensing) Act, 1828" means the Act of the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter sixty-one, intituled "An Act " to regulate the granting of Licenses to keepers of Inns," Alehouses, and Victuafling-houses in England

The term "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

6. This Act, so far as it relates to any license or certificate, shall be construed as one with the enactments under which such license or certificate would have been granted if this Act had not passed.

451

1871. iTitoocicati/ng Liquors Licenses Suspension. Ch. 88, 89.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited as " The Intoxicating Liquors (Licenses Suspension) Act, 1871."

8. This Act shall continue in force until the first day of Duration of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and Act

no longer.

CHAP. 89.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[21st August 1871.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the issue of time being may issue out of the Ccmsohdated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply Con80ndated towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty Fund, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, the sum of twenty-two million one hundred thirty-two thousand and thirty-six pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow Power for the from time to time on the credit of the said sum of twenty- to

two million one hundred thirty-two thousand and thirty-six pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per oentum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Pund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the md earns were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fond is available.

Appropriation of soma voted for supply . service, 45, 006, 516/. 9*. Ud.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure

On 89. Coneotidaied Fwtd (Appropriate#, ). 34 & 35 Yjqr.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acte mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate to the sum of forty-five million six thousand five hundred and sixteen pounds nine shillings and elevenpence, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure hot provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said deportments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Act of the session held in the

VfflZ S Cfatodotidafcd Jtwut {AppY&prb^ (jsL $9.

thirty-second an^vi^t'ty'ttM^d yeareof. the reign of Her *or 186.^"l0f present Majesty, chapter ninety-three, have authorial expen- ^pr0V1, for' provided; : for 'in the sttmi appropriated to naval {L0V liimv v 'services; by the said Act to be temporarily v ^efrayed .out of surpluses which have arisen by the saving (> r't

Cot expenditure upon votes within the same department for ' > ..

' file year ended on the thirty-Ast day of Starch one thauSa^d ' Sight hundred and seventy, , aa follows: 1

lo Two hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred

S9gfv.r, thirteen pounds eighteen shillings and one penny " $or, navy services unprovided for in. the grants for oior i: navy services for the said year, temporarily defip^yed fv. r(jto the extent of two hundred and thutyrseyen thousand W(j; pay an hundred and thirteen pounds eighteen shjtffings and one penny out of surpluses to the said last-xnen- tipned amount, which have arisen upon certain votes 0T(J; fcpr navy services'foi: the same year* / 'r':M

/ihj I i J J ' | ' ' f | I . 4 s >

Two hundred; and ninety-^thousand two hundred and: '

I(; j \til iorty-hve pounds eighteen shillings and elevenpence '

for anny services unprovided for in, the grants for a^y 1 t.i *services for the said year, temporarily defrayed out, of ' 11; 1

.surpluses. and other sums amounting to six hundred iy and twenty-four thousand six bunded pud eisty-fiye <* -

pounds, seventeen shillings and elevenpence, Viz., four,

hundred and eighty-qnev thousand one hundred, and ",

t sixty-nine pounds five shillings, and elevenpence, sur- i '

pluses which have arisen hpon certain votes for arrqy services for the same year, and the sums of eighty-four thousand six hundred and sixty-nine pounds one shilling and threepence, and fifty-eight thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven pounds ten shillings' and ninppence, which have been realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums to cover the said deficiencies is hereby sanctioned.

tnoif:

i?H '! {In in treed

: ioqu

sdi I

!mk: mu* '

fiif

nirijj

7 of

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Appro- Short title oi

jfriition Act, 1871."

Act.

ABSTRACT

os

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Giants out of the Consolidated Fund -

£ t. i.

- 45, 006, 516 9 11

SCHEDULE (R) — Appropriation of Grants.

Part I. Deficiencies, 1869-70 - . m £ i. 63, 973 9 11

Part II. Supplementary, 1870-71 9* m 398, 607 0 0

1871-72: —

Part III. Nary - m 9, 789, 956 0 0

Part IV. Army - m rn 16, 464, 700 0 0

Part V. Civil Services, Class L Part VI. Ditto, Class II. -Part VII. Ditto, Class III. Part VIII. Ditto, Class IV, Part IX. Ditto, Class V. Part X. Ditto, Class VI. -Part XI. Ditto, Class VII. Total Civil Services -Part XII. Revenue departments, &c. - £ 1, 486, 874 1, 852, 536 4, 026, 660 . 2^85, 027 592, 764 500, 413 69, 884 10, 814, 158 0 0 6^, 644, 255 0 0

Part XIII. Exchequer Bonds - 700,000 0

Part XIV. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School ---- 140, 867 0 0

£ 45, 006, 516 9 11

A.

18ft.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Ch. 89.

4S5

SCHEDULE (A.)

SCHED. (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the Bervice of the years ending 31st March 1870 and 1871;

Under Act 34 Vict. cap. 6.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1872; viz.

Under Act 34 Vict. cap. 7- -Under Act 34 Vict. cap. 20. -Under Act 34 & 35 Vict. oap. 51.

Under this Act

£ 1. d. £

m m - 462, 580 9 11

5, 41 WOO 0 0

7,000,000 0 9

10,000,000 0 0

22, 132, 036 0 0 44, 543, 936 O 0

Total - - .£45, 006, 516 9 11

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part I. Deficiencies.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 1. Deficiencies.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1870; viz.: —

H

o

M

M

CO

Class I.

Class II.-

Class

"Portland harbour -Embassy houses, Paris and Madrid Embassy houses and consular buildings, Constantinople, Ghina, Japan, and Tehran -Registrars of friendly societies -Lord Lieutenant's household, Ireland Chief Secretary's office, Ireland -f Criminal prosecutions, England »

I Land Registry Office, England -I Dun drum Criminal Lunatic Asylum III.^ Ireland -

Convict establishments in the colonies Court of Chancery, England -^Court of Bankruptcy, England -^National Portrait Gallery, England Public education, Ireland Class IV. National Gallery, Ireland -

Queen's University, Ireland Belfast theological professors, &c.

Y f Coolie emigration -v* "lTreasury chest yr f Nonconforming clergy, Ireland -V1# 1 Hospitals and infirmaries, Ireland Advances for new courts of justice -

Total Civil Services

Class

Class

£ s, d.

4, 411 18 11

51 3 3

5, 768 7 8 217 18 9 61 3 5 2, 529 15 2 3, 101 15 6 17 15 5

83 I II

23, 388 - 9 5, 121 2 8 9^43 15 8 308 18 1 6, 584 1 5 456 2 1 277 9* 6 50 5 5 310 13 -134 7 5 31 10 11 114 10 1 1, 109 12 11

63>973 9 11

456

Ch. 89. Consolidated Fvrnd (Appropriation). 34 & 35 Yiej

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Part 2. y

Sapplemen- Marriage portion of the Princess Louise -tary.

Supplementary.

£30,000

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended.on the 31st day of March 1871; viz.

"Portland harbour 5, 800

Public Record Repository,

Class I. -< acquisition of lands 9, 500

British consulate and embassy

houses, Constantinople, &c. 3, 819

"National Debt Office - 1, 254

CLAB8 II. Office of Works 3, 350

.a ^Poor Law Commission, Ireland 3, 026

"Law charges, England - 4,000

n Bankruptcy Court, England - 4, 800

o £i Class III.< Miscellaneous legal charges, England - 2, 500

H Law charges and criminal

cn prosecutions, Ireland 11,000

CLASS IV. National Gallery, London 75,000

Ctash V .J f Commissions for suppression

o L of the slave Trade - 1, 467

"Miscellaneous expenses 21, 865

Compensation to sufferers by

1 Class VII.< fire at Pera Compensation to owners of 6, 031

"La Have" - 8, 030

Relief of Paris 50, 200

Total Civil Services £ 211, 642

Inland Revenue Department - 30,000

Post Office packet service - - 118, 265

Greenwich Hospital and School 8, 700

Total - £

368, 60?

398, 60?

Soiled. (B.) Part 3. Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Natt Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 61,000 seamen and marines -

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines

3. For the expense of the Admiralty Office -

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal

naval coast volunteers, the royal naval reserve, and seamen and marine pensioners reserve -

2, 693, 336

1, 038, 202

163, 499

187, 830

No.

Sums not exceeding

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of the navy

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad -

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and

abroad -

8. For the expense of the naval medical establishments at

home and abroad .....

9. For the expense of the royal marine divisions

* 10. For naval stores for the building, repair, and outfitting the fleet and coast guard .....

10. For steam machinery, and for payments to be made for

. ships building by contract -

11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the

naval establishments -

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c.

13. For martial law and law charges -

14. Far the expense of various miscellaneous services

15. For half pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the

navy and royal marines -

f 16. For military pensions and allowances -

\ 16. For civil pensions and allowances -

17. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department

Total Navy Services - - £

67, 103

967, 418

68, 334

57, 906

18, 021

837, 965

751, 716

780, 994

67, 600

16, 005

125, 617

829, 238

633, 785

312, 237

173, 150

9, 789, 956

Soiled. (B.) Part 3. Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.: —

SCHED. (B.) Part 4. Army.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and

charges of Her Majestys land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India -

2. For divine service -

3. For martial law -

4. For the medical establishments and services

5. For militia pay and allowances .....

6. For the yeomanry cavalry -

7. For the volunteer corps -

8. For the army reserve force, including enrolled pensioners -

9. For the control establishment, wages, &c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel and light, movement of troops,

&c. -

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies

12. For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and

other stores, for land and sea service, including establishments of manufacturing departments

13. For the su

diture for, works, abroad

establishment of, and the expen. uildings, and repairs at home and

Q q

5, 411, 900

46, 400

28, 900

248.300

957.300

81, 700

485, 700

129, 200

374.300

1, 735, 600

878.300

1, 816, 800

983, 800

Scrap. <B.> Bum? 4. Anay.

Sums not exceeding

No.

14. For military education -

15. For miscellaneous services -

16. For the administration of the army -

17. For rewards for distinguished services.

18. For the pay of general officers -

19. For the full pay of reduced and retired officers, half pay *

and the purchase of full and half-pay commissions 2(X For widows pensions and compassionate allowances

21. For pensions and allowances to wounded officers -

22. For Chelsea and Kdmainbam hospitals, and the in-pen-

sioners thereof -

23. For the out-pensioners of Chelsea hospital, &c.

24. For superannuation allowances, &c.

25. For the non-effective services of the militia, yeomanry

cavalry, and volunteer corps -

26* For the establishment of, and expenditure to be incurred by, the Army Purchase Commissioners -

Total Army Services - - jC

139, 700

43, 300

194.000 27, 400 72, 800

543, 600

155, 200

19.900

33.900 1, 262^06

162, 900

18.900

603.000 16, 454, 700

SCHED. (B.)

Part 5. Civil Services. Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class L

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Cim Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

3. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings and

monuments in Great Britain; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses for the temporary accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon -

4. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public depart-

ments in Great Britain -

5. For purchase of lands for new palace at Westminster

6. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament

7. For erecting offices in Downing Street for the Secretaries

of State for the Home and Colonial Departments, Poor Law Board, &c.

8. For the repair and restoration of the chapter house at Westminster -

9. For one half of the expense of erecting, improving, and

maintaining court houses or offices for the sheriff courts ha Scotland -

10. For works for the enlargement of the National Gallery -

11. For a grant in aid of buildings for the University of

Glasgow -

12. For the extension of the Industrial Museum, Edinburgh -

13. For erecting a new building on the ate of the wings and

on a portion of the courtyard of Burlington House, for the occupation of various learned bodies

Sums not exceeding

42, 072

101, 451

132, 017

14,000

79, 650

30, 5/8

80, 060

1, 560

14, 583

27, 060

20,000

12,000

40,000

N°.

14. For erecting and matutaimng certain works and buildings

at the Post Office and Inland Revenue, and for certain other works in connection with those departments

15. For maintenance of British Museum buildings, rent of

premises, supply of furniture, and other charges attendant thereon -

16. For new buildings for county courts, maintenance of

courts, supply of furniture, fuel, &c., and other charges attendant thereon -

17. For new buddings for the Department of Science and Art

18. For the survey of the United Kingdom, revision of the

survey of Ireland, maps for Landed Estates Court, Ireland, publication of maps, and for engraving the geological survey -IS. For constructing certain harbours under the Board of Trade -

20. For works and expenses at Portland Harbour

21. For a contribution towards the establishment and main-

tenance of a fire brigade in the metropolis

22. For contributions in aid of local assessments for the relief

of the poor and for other purposes in respect of certain descriptions of government property, and for salaries and expenses connected with the investigation of claims for rates on government property, or for contributions in lieu of rates -

23. For the Wellington monument -

24. For the erection of a Natural History Museum -

25. For erecting, repairing, and maintaining the several public

buildings in the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland -

26. For the restoration of the works of the Ulster Canal

27. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses abroad -

28. For the maintenance and repairs of embassy houses abroad

29. For the British embassy houses, chapel, oonsaikr offices,

&c. at Constantinople, China, Japan, and Tehran

30. For the erection of a building for the University of London

31. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other

expenses for new courts of justice and offices -

32. Fur the completion of Anstruther Harbour -

Total Civil Services, Class I.

Smno SOBED. (B.) boms not Past 5. exceeding Civil Serrioe*. ---- Class L

150, 995

5, 170

48, 460

56, 047

128, 700

67, 993

600

10,000

36, 223

4,000

40,000

155, 465

5, 226

18, 310

2, 800

54, 415

2, 320

98, 299

7,000

1, 486, 874

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.:—

Sched. (B.)

Part 6. Civil Services. Class H.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of

Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of

Commons -

45, 054

50, 082

400

' rJ; .iHir ri

SciUtrrj^BL)

P

CivilJServi&s. ClasB n.

ii i

No.

3. For

salaries and

Stuns not exceeding

expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's

Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses in the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For salaries and expenses in the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies -

7. For salaries and expenses in the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments - - *

8. For salaries and expenses in the office of the Committee

of Privy Council for Trade, and of the subordinate departments -

9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord

Privy Seal -

10. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for

England and Wales -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Sendee Commission -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Copyhold,

Inclosure, and Tithe Commission -

13. For the imprest expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage

Acts -

14. For salaries and-expenses of the department of the Comp-

troller and Auditor General of the Exchequer -

15. For salaries and expenses in the department of the Regis-

trar General of Births, &c. in London, including the expenses of taking the Census of England and Wales -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including expenses of the coinage -

18. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office

19. For salaries and expenses connected with the Patent Law Amendment Act -

20. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General in London and Dublin -

21. For expenses connected with the administration of the laws relating to the poor in England -

22. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England -

23. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners -

54, 964

ii ala

24. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland 2, 369

25. For stationery, printing, binding, and printed books for the several public departments, and for stationery, printing, binding, and paper, for the two Houses of Parliament, including the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office - 370, 531

26. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments - .25, 961

27. For salaries and expensos of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings - 38, /41

28. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret sendees - - 25,000

88, 430

64, 674

nod

55.wi

Ua lol , ct

r^-390

17, 956

18, 848

, 10, 750

37, 533

135, 250

15, 432

37, 375

21, 306

32, 539

22, 166

226, 648

22JS3

4, 503

1

U

401

No. Sums not exceeding £

29. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Scotland, of certain offices in Scotland, and other charges formerly paid from the hereditary revenue 5, 926

30. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland 12, 817

31. For salaries and expenses in the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland 31, 300

32. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland ---- 6, 003

33. For salaries and expenses connected with the administration of the Poor Laws in Scotland - - 17, 786

34. For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses - 6, 231

35. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments - 26, 935

36. For charges connected with the boundary survey, Ireland 400

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland ---- 2, 293

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and emigration statistics and of taking the Census in Ireland - 36, 168

39. For the administration of the laws relating to the poor in Ireland ---- 102, 211

40. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office, and of the keeper of the State Papers in Ireland 4, 564

41. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public Works in Ireland - - 26, 822

Schel). (B.)

Parts. Civil Senicts. Cl«©IL

Total Civil Services, Class II. - - £ j 1, 852, 536

SCHEDULE (BO — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.: —

Sched. (R.

Part 7. Civil Services. Class lit.

No.

1. For law charges, and for salaries, allowances, and inci-

dental expenses, including prosecutions relating to coin, in the department of the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury - -i

2. For prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions in England, formerly paid out of county rates, including adjudications under the Criminal Justice and the Juvenile Offenders Acts, sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, and for compensation to clerks of the peace under the Criminal Justice Acts, and other expenses of the same class - - <st« t

3. For such salaries and expenses of the Court of Chancery in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

Qq 3

Sums not exceeding

\ £ 44, 310

201, 173

176, 202

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7. CWil Serviced. Class IIL

No.

4. For such salaries and expenses of the Superior Courts of

Common Law in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

5. For such salaries and expenses of the Court of Bank-

ruptcy in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

6. For salaries and expenses of the county courts

7. For salaries and expenses of the courts of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England -

8. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty in England

9. For salaries and contingent expenses of the Office of Land Registry -

10. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the metropolitan police and the superannuations of the late horse and foot patrol -

12. For police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales, and for police in Scotland -

13. For the superintendence of convict establishments and for the maintenance of convicts in England and the Colonies -

14. For maintenance of prisoners in county and borough prisons, of juvenile offenders in reformatories and industrial schools, and of criminal lunatics in private asylums in Great Britain -

15. For maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, England -

16. For miscellaneous legal charges in England

17. For salaries and incidental expenses connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland -

18. For salaries and expenses of the officers of the Courts of

Law and Justice in Scotland -

19. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's

General Register House, Edinburgh -

20. For management of prisons in Scotland, for maintenance

of prisoners in the prisons at Perth and Ayr, and for the department for the collection of judicial statistics

21. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law

charges in Ireland -

22. For such salaries and expenses of the Court of Chancery

in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund

23. For such salaries and expenses of the Superior Courts of

Common Law in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

24. For salaries and the incidental expenses of the Court of

Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland -

25. For salaries and expenses of the Landed Estates Court in

Ireland -

26w For salaries and expenses of the Court of Probate and of the District Registries in Ireland -

27. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry

in Ireland -

28. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration

of Deeds in Ireland -

29. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration

of Judgments in Ireland -

30. For salaries of the Commissioners of Police, and for the

expense of the police courts and of the metropolitan police, Dublin -

Sums not exceeding

60, 788

63, 777

414, 70$

91, 977

13, 160

5, 310

19, 726

222, 470

312, 500

497, 332

326, 980

33, 710

20, 350

73, 675

56, 267

30, 240

24, 98/

77, 903

44, 503

29, 3/7

8, 570

12, 721

11, 426

2, 090

15, 408

3, 066

98, 173

No.

31. For the constabulary force, Ireland -

32. For the superintendence and inspection of Government

prisons, for the Office of Registrar of habitual criminals, and for the maintenance of convicts in government prisons in Ireland -

33. For maintenance of prisoners in county and borough prisons, and the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland -

34. For maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland -

35. For salaries and expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin -

36. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses in Ireland -

Sums not exceeding

918, 260

46, 500

52, 223

5, 550

2, 480

8, 7/0

Total Civil. Services, Class III.

4, 026, 660

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 81st day of March 1872; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For public education in Great Britain -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, London

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the formation of the National Portrait Gallery -

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned societies in Great Britain -

7. For the University of London -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Endowed Schools Commission -

9. For grants to Scottish universities -

10. For the annuity to the Board of Manufactures in Scotland,

in discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection, and for other purposes -

11. For public education under the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland -

12. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland -

13. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures

14. For the Royal Irish Academy -

15. For the Queen's University in Ireland -

16. For the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

1, 458, 402

233, 179

97, 969

6, 148

2,000

12, 450

9, 642

14, 747

18, 880

2, 100

416, 825

695

2, 340

1, 684

3, 703

4, 263

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

2, 285, 027

463

SpEUED. (B.)

' Part 7. Civil Services. Class III.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services. Class IV.

464 Off. 89. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 34 & 35 V8T.

Sched. (B.y

Part 9. Civil Services. ClitfV.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Past 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.: —

- - _ Sums not

No. exceeding £

1. For the expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad - 215, 876

2. For the consular establishments abroad, and for other expenses chargeable on the consular vote 3. For the salaries and allowances of governors, &c., and for other expenses in certain colonies ... 268, 179

63, 564

4. For the charge of the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good Rope) and the island of St. Helena - 3, 968

5. For salaries and expenses of the mixed commissions established under the treaties with foreign powers for - "suppressing the traffic in slaves - - 1, 780

6. For tonnage bounties and bounties on slaves, and for expenses of the Liberated African department 7. For the Emigration Board and Emigration Officers at the different ports of this kingdom, and for certain other expenses connected with emigration 18, 702

9, 745

8. For expenses connected with the emigration of Coolies from India to French colonies - - 950

9. On account of the Treasury chest - 10/100

Total Civil Service *, Class V. £ 592J64

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

Part 10

CivUS^rvices. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Class VI. Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons formerly employed in the public service -

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their widows and children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for compensation to the late officers of the trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund -

3. For the relief of distressed British seamen abroad -

4. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries, Ireland -

5. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain -

6. For certain miscellaneous, charitably and other allowances In Ireland -

Total Civil Service *, Class VI, - £

Sums not

387, 972

, 45, 410

35, 400

19, 035

mi

mm

SCBEfttTLE <R)---I*AkT 11.

vii?.

Smi>ut»6t SrmA granted to dofrAy the; ehargea of the sereral CrviL Serviceshetrein particularly mentioned* ^&oh will come in coarse of payment during the year ending on the 81s^dfy of Marcfr 18727 ^terr

uhjM

No, ., v' c'v:?vAl \o tun

1. For salaries apd incidental expenses of temporarycommis- h*< *<! t y n. fions -1 ' ' 1 - ' " " J&ov. t; 4*ao; n/leJ<.?i; Jafj lalir/fioo 9: B18

2. For payments on account df tlm^5fei^i^<tfddib:pgydiieo

by British and firceignTteSsals 1 '*wprocity b.cm? .:) su

3. For encouraging the cultivation of Jfla& ih frfeltfld

A.7 ? " ' }0 9ri-t hnc oqcJ]

Dili 'io ei)an*njr.3 Lnr.

l miscellaneous 6

Total Uivil 1 SrtvW^; 'Ch, issrVIt h jf

J " r: j s'j: Vc V M; f I <"*' j U: 11 fT '1

Sums not exceeding

Moms

nr)ij >:o

i oni ic/1 X

v, d46, 147

oiB WDOi' boo 01^95 tim *% *«

69, 884

TrrrpT

SCHEDULE (B.)-PAftr 12,

revenue Departments.

i.H 7

SdJttDULE of Sums granted 7q defray the changes of the several

Revenue Departments herein particularly, mentioned^ wjuch — Trill coine in course of payment during the year ending on the

31st day of Marohf 18727 to. z+:j: 1

xNa

f t r :>i.uKrains

7 *., !.» — J17I0

1. For the salaries and expenses of the (Customs Department

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department - -h ' '/l

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Officer services- tbk

expenses of Post Office savings hanks, and"of government annuities and insurances, and of the collection of the Post Office revenue -77 ForlKe post Office packet service (a) -

5. For the tejarie* and expenses of the TpsJ Oj0Sce..telegraph " '.wvioe ' - ' f'''4 '

Total Revenue Departments

Sums not exceeding

j r/'\

1, 828.625

A »irl *

2, 470, 355 1.148, 387

W.^oof

I'r*) rq-Miyv?

\£A; ''6j&4*&3:

(aJ/No part of this sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any payment in respect of any period subsequent to the 20th day of June 1863 to Mir. Joseph George Churchward, or to any p«san claiming through or under him, by virtue of a certain contract, bearing date the 26th day of April 1859^ made hetwoen the Lords Commissioners ^f:Her Mideety's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the first part, and the said Jos^h George Churchward of tb& second pari or m or towards the Satisfaction of any claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that contract, so far as relates to any period subsequent to the 20th day df <June 1863 .: .*, r I

4G5

PufirW.!

cm &

CIbXVI tJ

SCHED. (B.) Part 12. Revenue Departments.

' U) *1 f <-J 3:ia'1

466

SCHE Du (B.)

Part 1&. Exchequer Bends.

Sched. (B.)

Part 14. Miscellaneous.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 98.

[Short title.]

Act to be construed with recited Acts. One church to be the parish church of an united or separate benefice.

Ch. 89, 90. Conao&idttUd Fund ^Appropriation), 34 & 35 Tin.

SCHEDULE (B.J — East 13.

Exchequer Bonds.

To pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds which will 1)600016 £

due and payable during the year ending on 31st Merck

1872 ..... 700,000

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 14.

Greenwich Hospital and School.

Advances during the year ending 31st March 1872 for defraying the expenses of Greenwich Hospital and School - 140, 867

CHAP. 90.

An Act to amend the Idaw relating1 to the Union of Benefices. £21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS provisions are contained in the Acts passed in the session of Parliament held in the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, and in the session of Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the same reign, chapter ninety-eight, for the union of contiguous benefices, of which the aggregate population does not exceed one thousand and five hundred persons, and it is expedient to extend the said provisions, and to provide in certain cases for the establishment of a single church as a parish church in united benefices:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Union of Benefices Acts Amendment Act/ '

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the above-mentioned Acts.

3. Where two or more benefices are united, or two or more portions of the same benefice, or of different benefices, are constituted a separate benefice, and held by one incumbent, and there are more churches than one situate within die limits of such united or separate benefice, it shall be lawful for the bishop of the diocese, upon the application and with the consent in writing of the incumbent and patron or patrons of the benefice, and with the consent of two thirds of the parishioners within the limits of such united or separate benefice in vestiy assembled, by a faculty from his consistorial court, to decree that one of such churches shall henceforth be constituted the parish church of such united or separate benefice, and that any other church or churches within the limits of such united or separate benefice may be either wholly or partly pulled down or suffered to remain standing or still be used for tie purposes of Divine Service, either as a chapel or chapels of ease to the parish church or otherwise, or be

1871 Union of Benefices Acts Amen&mmL Ch. SKX 467

converted into a mortuary chapel or mortuary chapels; and the vestry room of the church so constituted the parish, church shall be held to be the vestry roam of the parishes or places constituting such united or separate benefice for the use of the parishioners thereof; provided that the said bishop shall not make any such decree for the pulling down either the whole or part of any such church or churches until a sum sufficient to defray the expenses of the transfer as hereinafter prescribed of the tombstones, monuments, tablets, and monumental inscriptions in the church so to be wholly or partly pulled down has been collected by voluntary subscriptions, and placed in the hands of two or more trustees to be applied to such purpose.

4. The site of any church which shall be wholly or partly s*te dis^ed pulled down, and the churchyard belonging thereto, shall be pr^. properly fenced in and preserved and kept free from desecra- Burials, tion, and until such churchyard shall be legally dosed far interments the persons for the time being having rights of burial in such churchyard shall not be entitled to rights of burial in. any other churchyard within the limits of the same united or separate benefice: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall apply to any proceedings for the union of benefices taken under the provisions of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter (me hundred and forty-two

5w The tombstones, monuments, tablets, and monumental Tombstones, inscriptions in any church so wholly pulled down, or in such part of any church as is pulled down, shall be transferred from disused to the parish church of such united or separate benefice, or in church to the case where the removal is from such part of a church as church,

has been pulled down, to the part of the church which is

suffered to remain standing; and the font* communion table, and plate used for the purposes of the Holy Communion belonging to or held in trust for any church so wholly pulled down shall be transferred to such parish church; and all lectureships attached to any church so wholly pulled down or disused for the purposes of Divine Service shall be transferred to the parish church of such united or separate benefice; and all sums of money or other property held by any body or person or persons in trust for the maintenance, repair, or insurance of any church which shall cease to be used for the purposes of Divine Service or for a mortuary chapel under the provisions of this Act shall thereupon be held upon the like trusts for such parish church *

0. When any church shall have been so constituted a parish Rights of church the persons residing within the limits, of the said Panshioilers* united or separate benefice shall, subject as in this Act mentioned, have the same rights, be entitled to the same privileges, and be subject to the same obligations in relation to such church as if the same church had always existed as #uch parish church *

Bishop to direct the arrangement of the seats in church, which shall be of an uniform pattern.

Appointment of additional members of the Judicial Committee.

Ch. 90, 91. JJmon of Benefices Acts Avnendmwnk 34 k 35 Vict.

7. Upon any union of benefices the bishop of the diocese, under his hand and sea], shall and he is hereby authorised by faculty from his court to alter and readjust the seats and the appropriation thereof in the church of the united or separate benefice so that not less than one half of the sittings in such church shall be left unappropriated; and all the setts whether appropriated or free under any new arrangement made under this provision shall be made as near as possible of the same size and general appearance.

CHAP. 91.

An Act to make further provision for the despatch of business by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further prevision for the despatch of business by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Her Majesty may within twelve months after the pamag of this Act, by warrant under her Sign Manual, appoint four persons qualified as in this Act mentioned, whether already members of such Judicial Committee or not, to act as members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council under the provisions of this Act, and may from time to time within two years after the passing of this Act by a like warrant fill any vacancies occasioned by death or otherwise in the offices of the persons so appointed.

Any persons appointed to act under the provisions of this Act as members of the said Judicial Committee must be specially qualified as follows; that is to say, must at the date of their appointment be or have been judges of one of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, or a Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or Madras or Bombay, or of the late Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

Where any person appointed in pursuance of the provisions herein contained to act as a member of the said Judicial Committee is at the date of his appointment a judge as aforesaid, he shall on his appointment vacate his office as such judge, but as to pension shall remain in the same position as if no such appointment had been made; and service as a member of the Judicial Committee shall for the purposes of pension be reckoned as service in the court from which he was removed.

Whereas doubts have been entertained as to the meaning and effect of the provisions of the Court of Probate Act and

1871. Judicial Committee of Privy Council. Ch. 91. 469

the Divorce Act as to the pension of the judge of the Probate and judge of the Divorce Courts: Be it declared and enacted, that the said pension was intended to be and shall be similar in amount and in all other respects to the pension to which the puisne judges of the superior courts of common law are entitled.

There shall be paid to each of the said judges of the Judicial Committee so long as he shall hold such office a salary of five thousand pounds a year including any pension to which he may be entitled.

Any salary payable under this Act shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It shall grow due from day to day, and shall be payable to the person entitled thereto, or to his executors or administrators, at such intervals in every year, not being longer than three months, as the Treasury may from time to time determine.

It shall be the duty of every person appointed to act as a paid member of the Judicial Committee under this Act to attend the sittings of the said Committee when summoned thereto unless he shall be prevented by reasonable cause; and such members shall hold their office during good behaviour, and shall continue to hold their offices notwithstanding the demise of the Crown, but they shall be removable by Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, upon the address of both Houses of Parliament: Provided always, they shall hold their offices subject to such arrangements as may be hereafter made by Parliament for the constitution of a supreme court of appellate jurisdiction.

Provided that no member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council shall take part in the hearing of any appeal from any decision or judgment which he has given or assisted in giving.

2. In this Act — Definition of

The term "Superior Courts at Westminster" means Her " Superior

Majesty's Superior Courts of Law and Equity at West- Westminster.'' minster, inclusive of the Court of Probate in England and the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and the High Court of Admiralty of England.

3. This Act shall not, except in so far as is by this Act Saving of expressly provided, affect the Act of the session of the third Acts relating and fourth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, committee, chapter forty-one, intituled An Act for the better administration of justice in His Majesty's Privy Council," or any Act amending the same.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as The Judicial Committee Act, 1871, and shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, be construed as one with any Acts for the time being in foroe relating to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

m

Cb.92, 93. Lcmdlord&Tenant (I.) Act, 1870, Arndt. 34 & 35 Vict.

CHAP. 92.

Saving certain rights of tenants under Act 33 & 84 Vict. c. 46.

An Act to amend the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS doubts have been entertained whether rights secured by the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, to tenants in Ireland may not be endangered by the omission to specify or refer to such rights in conveyances, assignments, and declarations of title executed after the passing of the add Act by the Judges of the Landed Estates Court in Ireland: Be it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1. In every case in which a sale, conveyance, or declaration of title has been or shall be made, under the provisions of the Act twenty-first and twenty-second Victoria, chapter seventy-two, intituled An Act to facilitate the sale and transfer of " Land in Ireland," subject to any tenancy, the tenant and those claiming under him shall have all rights which are declared to be legal, or to which he or they is or are or may become entitled in respect of such tenancy under the first part of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, and the safe, conveyance, or declaration shall be subject to all such rights, although such rights may not be specified or referred to in the conveyance or assignment executed or declaration signed by the Judge of the Landed Estates Court; and the word " tenant " shall in this Act have the same meaning as that assigned to it in section seventy of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. Nothing in this Act contained shall in any manner impair or affect the provisions of "The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870."

CHAP. 93.

An Act to amend the Act twelfth and thirteenth Victoria, chapter eighty-one; and to extend the provisions of that Act and The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, so far as regards that part of Waltham Forest known as Epping Forest.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS in the month of February 1870 the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled presented an humble address to Her Majesty, prayrng that she would take such measures as in her judgment she might deem most expedient in order that Epping

1871. Epping Forest. Ch. 93.

Forest might be preserved as an open space for the recreation and enjoyment of the public:

And whereas Her Majesty -was graciously pleased to reply to the said address, and, after expressing her concurrence with the said Commons in the desire that open spaces in the neighbourhood of the Metropolis might, as far as possible, be preserved for the enjoyment of her people, to promise that she would carefully consider how effect might be given to the prayer of the said address:

And whereas by an Act of the session holden in the twelfth and thirteenth years of Her present Majesty, and intituled An Act to authorise Her Majesty to issue a commission to

inquire into and report upon rights or claims over the " New Forest in the county of Southampton and Waltham " Forest in the county of Essex/' Her Majesty was authorised to appoint Commissioners to inquire into and ascertain the boundaries of the Bftid forests called the New Forest and Waltham Forest respectively, and of the lands of Her Majestys subjects within the same, and to inquire of any purprestures, encroachments, or trespasses on the soil of Her Majesty within the said forests respectively, and by whom and when made, and how occupied, and whether any and what unlawful inclosures had been made and were then continued within the regard of the said forests respectively, whereby the forestal rights and interests of Her Majesty had been in any and what respect diminished, abridged, or otherwise prejudiced, and whether any and what lands lying within the bounds of the said forests respectively were quit and free *of the regard thereof respectively, or within and subject to the regard thereof, or subject to any and what forestal or other rights of Her Majesty; and also to inquire whether any and what person or persons claimed any and what rights of common of pasture, fuel, turbary, fern, or other rights or interests in, upon, or over the said forests, and whether in respect of any and what particular lands or otherwise such rights or interests were claimed, and how and by whom such rights or claims had hitherto been exercised or enjoyed; and also to inquire whether Her Majesty was entitled to any and what rents or other payments or acknowledgments for or in respect of any such rights or claims, and also to inquire into the origin, nature, extent, and particulars, and probable value of the claims of Her Majesty's subjects in, to, upon, or over the said forests respectively, and to Teceive and deliberate upon any offers or proposals which might be made for commuting, surrendering, or extinguishing all or any of such claims; and to inquire into the nature, constitution, powers, jurisdiction, and practice of any forest court theretofore held within the said forests respectively, and the sufficiency or insufficiency thereof for the purposes for which such courts were constituted, and as to the expediency of remodelling

Rr 2

472 Ch. 93. Epping Forest 34 & 35 Vict.

or abolishing the said courts, and as to the expediency of creating and forming any extra-parochial portions of the said forests respectively into one or more parish or parishes, or adding the same to any existing parish or parishes, and generally to carry on and prosecute such other inquiries as should in the judgment of the said commissionpr or commissioners tend to enable them to make reports upon the premises as therein-after directed; and the said commissioner or commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid were thereby empowered, as regarded, b#a; pr, tljeic; rtelftion to

Waltham Forest, to sit at such conveniept, , time and, place within the county of Essex as he or tb^y sbpuld appoint, and then and there, by the tes^mpny pft ^tpu^ses upon path or, solemn affi/fl&atiW; {which path nr s^rno^tion *tfy. qhe; of the said commissioners was thereby authorised and empo^ed to jT . >admW9tqr)^and by the inspection anej. examination of re^pids, .-vru m / dqed^r muniments^ and writings, oi* amy/legal'proof

evidence, to cany on and prosecute the inquiries aforesaid, ^nd such other inquiries as should enable the said commissioners from tinap to time to report touching the premises:

And whereas by the Metropolitan Commons Act, 18@d, the TInclosure Commissioners for England and Wales are authorised j, to make schemes for the establishment nf local management,

. with a view 40 the expenditure of money on the drsdnfige,

levelling, and im|p*oVetofient ofmetropdUah pomx^cous ji; ? nc'i And whereas it is expedient 4hat inquiry aboujd be mb* tinder1 the authority-of Parliament as to the best modeUf chirking ifeto effect ^the objects of^thehaid addtas£ iarelaiiei: to that part thef Forest of Waltham known -as Epphi^ Forest:

Be it enacted by the Queen Vmest/Excellent Majesty, fey and with thet Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and T^mp6ral? and Commons, in this preset Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the samb as fbllowai

[Short title.]

This Act may be cited as The Epping Forest Act,

1871.! -1-

Appoi^tuient, 2, The flowing persons, that is to say, Charles Wood,

of Commit barrister-at-law, chairman, John Watlington Perry Watlingfcm, sioner«, .r Esquire, Henry Ford Barclay, Esquire* and John Locke, Esquire, are constituted Commissioners under this Act; they shall hold their offices during Her Majesty's pleasure, and a any vacancy occurs in the office of any Commissioner by, reason of death, resignation, incapacity, or otherwise, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public BuildiSgs may, by writing, appoint some other fit person to fill the vacancy.

The Commissioners appointed under this Act shall be styled " The Epping Forest Commissioners/1 and shall be a body corporate, with a common seal.

1871. Eppiaig Forest Ch. 93. 473

3. The said Commissioners, hereinafter referred to as " the Appointment Commissioners/' may, subject to the approval of the Commis- of officers* sicmers of Her Majesty's Works ami Public Buildings, from

time to time appoint a clerk and such other officers as they may deem necessary for the purposes of this Act, and employ such surveyors, valuers, and other persons as they may think fit for the purpose of enabling them to carry into effect any of thef provisions of this Act, and may remove from time to time any person so appointed.

4. Any power or act by this Act vested in or authorised to be done by the Commissioners may be exercised or done mmW810nerd' by any one of them, with this qualification, that any person affected by any decision of one Commissioner may require his case to be beard by the Commissioners of whom three shall be a quorum.

5. There shall be paid or allowed to one of the Commis- Salaries and sioners appointed under this Act, and to any clerk, surveyor, expen8e8' valuer, or other person as aforesaid employed by the Commissioners, such remuneration as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in this Act referred to as the Treasury,

may think expedient.

6. The Commissioners shall make and prosecute in relation ^qm^es.to

to that part of the forest of Waltham known as Epping Commissioners.

Forest all such inquiries as were directed or authorised to

+be made by the Commissioners to be appointed under the said Act of the twelfth and thirteenth years of Her present Majesty in relation to the whole forest of Waltham, and for that purpose shall hold such meetings and in such manner

as were directed or authorised to be held by the said Ant *

+and shall have and may exercise all the powers and authorities of Commissioners appointed under the said Act; and the said Act of the twelfth and thirteenth years of Her present Majesty shall be deemed to be incorporated with and to form part of this Act.

7. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Power to Buildings may, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, appear

before the Commissioners and make any suggestion or objection jesty's Works in relation to any matter before the Commissioners, and may *"4 p.ubl*c propose for the consideration of the Commissioners any scheme p°ro_

relation to the waste lands pof Epping Forest, or any part pose schemes, thereof, or may object to any scheme made by the Commis-aoners in relation to such lands, or any part thereof

8. Maps and documents in the custody of the Tithe Com- Access to missioners for England and Wales, and all other public maps

and documents relating to Epping Forest, shall be open to the ments. use and inspection of the Commissioners or of any person by them authorised and they may make or cause to be made such copies thereof or extracts therefrom as they think fit.

Hr 3

474

Power to summon and examine witnesses and inspect documents.

Penalty for non-attendance or refusal to answer questions.

Expenses of witnesses, &c.

Commissioners to prepare and settle a scheme.

Ch. 93. Epping Forest 34 & 35 Vice,

9« The Commissioners may, by summons under the seal of the Commission, require the attendance before them, either in the Metropolis or at any meeting held in or near Epping Forest, of any person whose evidence they may deem requisite for the purposes of this Act; they may, by like summons and for the like purposes, require any person to bring before them for their inspection all books, papers, and writings in hia possession, custody, or control relating to any matter to be inquired into by them, permitting nevertheless such person to seal up previously to the said inspection such part of the said books, papers, or writings as according to an affidavit to be made by him do not relate to the matters to be inquired into under this Act; they may also, by like summons and for the like purposes, require the production for their inspection of any court rolls, rate books, instruments of tithe apportionment, and other public writings relating to Epping Forest, and of any maps, plans, or surveys belonging to any parish m which any part of Epping Forest is situate; they may make or cause to be made copies of or extracts from any books, maps, or documents produced to them; they may examine upon oath any person appearing before them, and administer am oath accordingly; and they shall pay or allow to any person summoned by them the reasonable charges of his attendance.

10. If any person after the delivery to him of such summons as aforesaid, or of a copy thereof, wilfully neglects or refuses to attend in pursuance of such summons, or to produce such books, maps, or other documents as he may be required to produce under the provisions in this Act contained, or to answer upon oath or otherwise such questions as may be put to him by the Commissioners under the powers of this Act, the Commissioners may in their discretion either impose on him a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds (to be recovered on summary conviction), or report his name to one of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, and such court may thereupon, if it think fit, punish such person in the same manner as if he had been guilty of a contempt of court: Provided that no person shall be required to attend in obedience to any summons unless the reasonable- charges of hk attendance be paid or tendered to him.

11. The reasonable expenses incurred by any person summoned by the Commissioners under this Act, according to a scale to be approved by the Treasury, may be allowed and paid to such person upon a certificate under the hands of the Commissioners, and shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by the Commissioners in the execution of their commission.

12. Having made such inquiries as aforesaid, the Commissioners shall prepare and settle a scheme for the disafforesting of Epping Forest, and for the preservation and management of the waste lands of Epping Forest. The Commissioners shall,

1871. Epping Forest. Ch. 93. 47o

for the purpose of preparing1 and settling such scheme, have the same powers and authorities^ and the scheme shall be prepared, settled, certified, and published in the same way, and shall contain the same particulars as if the sarid waste lands were a metropolitan common within the meaning of the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, or any Act passed or to be passed amending the same, and the Commissioners were the Inclosure Commissioners of England and Wales acting tinder the said Act; and all the provisions of the said Acts with respect to any scheme to be made thereunder shall, so far as they are not inconsistent with or superseded by the provisions of this Act, apply to the scheme to be made under this Act, except that the presentation of a memorial shall not be a necessary preliminary to the preparation of such scheme, and that the Commissioners shall execute in person the matters by the said Acts authorised to be referred by them to an assistant commissioner.

The Commissioners shall in the said scheme suggest in what way the expenses of providing compensation to the persons whose rights are affected thereby, the expenses of managing the said waste lands, and the other expenses incidental to the said scheme, including the expenses of the Commissioners, shall be defrayed.

The Commissioners may, if they think it expedient so to do, make one or more separate scheme or schemes in relation to the said waste lands, or any part or parts thereof, instead of including the whole in a general scheme.

13. The Commissioners may at any time, and from time to Power for time, make any preliminary or special report to Her Majesty ^°^si^ers on any part of the matters referred to them, and may in Uminaiy and particular report any special arrangements with landowners special reports, or others as to their rights which the Commissioners may recommend as expedient in furtherance of the objects of the said scheme.

14. The Commissioners shall, within two years from their Final report of appointment, make a final report to Her Majesty, stating the Commissioners, mode in which they have performed their duties under tbit

Act, and setting forth in full the said scheme, and stating the grounds of their approval thereof, and the objections, if any, made thereto and overruled, and all proceedings had in respect of those objections, and the grounds on which they were overruled.

Such report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within fourteen days after the next meeting of Parliament *

15. Notices in respect of the service of which special Notices, directions are not given by this Act may be served or sent by claim8>&c-post, and shall be deemed to have been served and deceived at

476 Ch. 93, 94. Upping Forest. 34 & 35 Vier.

the time when the letter containing the same would have been delivered in the ordinary course of the post; and in proving such service or sending it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice was properly addressed and put into the post offica

Where any notice is required to be given by the Commissioners it shall be sufficiently executed if signed by their clerk, and every notice purporting to be so signed shall be receivable in evidence without any further proof of execution.

The Commissioners shall circulate such information as the; may think expedient respecting the times and mode of making claims and objections under this Act.

Power of 16. The local authority for any waste lands of Epping

to^urcha^1^ores^ may purchase, out of the local rate, any right of common righto o^ over such lands, and hold such right ofoommon in gross, with common over a view the more effectually to bring forward, or assist in waste lands, bringing forward, an efficient scheme for the maintenance or improvement of such waste lands.

The local authority for the waste lands of Epping Forest means the same persons who would be the local authority W pursuance of the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, if the said waste lands were a metropolitan common; and the local rate means the rate prescribed in connexion with such authority in the schedule to the said last-mentioned Act.

Definition: 17. In this Act the expression "waste lands of Epping

"Wa8te land' Forest" shall mean all lands situate within the boundaries of Epping Forest, as ascertained by the Commissioners, which have not been lawfully inclosed, or over which the Crown is entitled to exercise forestal rights.

CHAP: 94.

An Act to amend Paragraph Three of the Seeoni Schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1879 *

[21st Auguk 1871.]

WHEREAS by paragraph three of the second Schedule of c* 75' the Elementary Education Act, 1870, it is provided as

follows: " An order made by the Education Department under " the power contained in this part of this Schedule shall," as regards any election held before the first day of September " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, be deemed to a be within the powers of this Schedule, and to have been " duly made and have effect as if it were enacted in this " Schedule, but shall not be of any force as regards any " election after the said date unless it has been confirmed by u Parliament "

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and of Epping Forest."

1871. EUmentary Education Act (1870) Amendt. Ch. 94, 95.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The words " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two " shall be substituted for the words " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one n in the recited part of the second schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

Provided that the Education Department may by any such order direct any poll to be taken in like manner as any poll at a municipal election may be taken in pursuance of any Act passed during the present session of Parliament

2. This Act maybe cited as "The Elementary Education (Elections) Act, 1871."

CHAP. 95.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire at the times specified in respect thereof in column four of the said schedule: And whereas it is expedient to continue such Acts, to the extent specified in column two of the said schedule and the Acts amending the same, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, for the times mentioned respectively in column five of the said schedule:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sanpLp, sq follows:

1. This Act may be citfed as the Expiring Laws Continuance M1871.

2. 3Phfe Acts mentioned* in oohmu oie of the Schedule to thiiTAdt, in so*/at as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued Until the times respectively specified in column five of the said schedule, and any enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued ' by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner. !: y -

477

Alteration of date in 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. sch. 2.

[Short title.]

: C! 71

[Short title.]

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

// h

SCHEDULE.

1. 2. 3. | 4. j 5.

Original Acts. How for continued. Amending Acta. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. Continued uadi

to 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. - 1 The whole Act 8 & 4 Vict. 1 SfhAngust 18f71, andend 18th August 1872, and end of hen

Linen, Hempen, Cot- c. 91. of then next session.

ton, and other Manu- 5 & 6 Vict (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) next session.

factures (Ireland). c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict.

c. 47. 30 & 81 Vict.

(2) 2 & 3 Vict. c. 74. c. 60.

The whole Act 11 & 12 Vict. 7th July 1871, and end 7th July 1872, and

Societies, unlawful c. 89. of then next session. end of then next

(Ireland). (33 it 34 Vict C. 103.) session.

(3) 8 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The whole Act 1st October 1871, and 1st October 1672,

Poor Hates, Stock in end of then next session. and end of then

Trade Exemption. <33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) next session.

(4) 33 & 34 Vict.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. The whole Act 31st December 1871, and 31st December

Survey of Great Bri- c. 13. end of then next session. 1872, and end of

tain. (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) then next session.

(5)

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. The whole Act ' - 1st October 1871, and 1st October 1872, and end of then

Application of High- end of then next session.

way Rates to Turnpike Roads. (83 & 34 Vict c. 108.) next session.

(fi)

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123. The whole Act - 1st August 1871, and end 1st August 1872, and end of then

Lunatic Asylums (Ire- of then next session.

land). (33 & 84 Viol. c. 103.) next session.

(7)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32. - As to powers 12 & 13 Vict. 1st January 1871, and end 1st January 1872,

Landed Property Im- of commis- c. 59. of then next session. and end of then

provement (Ireland). sioners. 13 & 14 Vict c. 31. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 & 30 Vict (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) next session.

c. 40.

(8)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90. - As to appoint- 14 & 15 Vict. 23d July 1871, and end 23d July 1872,

Poor Laws (Ireland). ment of com- c. 68. of then next session. and end of then

missioners. 19 & 20 Vict (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) next session.

C. 14.

(9)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. - As to provisions - 1st August 1871, and 1st August 1872,

Ecclesiastical Jurisdic- continued by end of then next session. and end of then

tion. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) next session.

1871. Ectfiring Lbmm Cenb*n*mt%ee. Ch. 95. 479

1. Original Acta* 2. ' Bow hr continued. 3. Amending Acts. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. 5. Continued until

(10) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 321 County Cess (Ireland); The whole Act 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7. 1st Aagaet 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 1st August 1872, i and end of then next session.

(H) 11 & 12 Vict c. 107. -Sheep and Caftte Diseases. The whole Act as to Ireland. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 62. 29 & 30 Vict c. 4. 83 & 34 Vict c. 36. 20th August 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 20th August 1872, and end of then next session.

(12) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. -Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management r The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 1st January 1871 r and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) 1st January 1872, and end of then next session.

(13) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. -Corrupt Practices Prevention. The whole Act 21 & 22 Vict. c. 87. 26 & 27 Vict c. 29. 8th June 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 84 Vict c. 103.) 8th Jane 1872, and . end of then next session.

(14) 19 & 20 Vict c. 36. Preservation of the Peace (Ireland). The whole Act 20 & 21 Vict c. 7. 28 & 29 Vict c. 118. 1st July 1871* and end of then next session. (33 & 84 Vict c. 103.), 1st July 1872, and end of then next session.

(15) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19- -Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). The whole Act - 15th May 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) 15th May 1872, and end of then next session.

(16) 24 & 25 Vict c. 109. -Salmon Fishery (England) Act. As to appointment of inspectors, 8.81. - 1st October 1871, and end of then next session. (83*4 Vict. c.l0A> 1st October 1872, and end of then next session.

(17) 25 & 26 Vict c. 97. -Salmon Fisheries (Scotland). As to the powers of commissioners, &c. 26 & 27 Vict c. 50. 27 & 28 Vict c. 118. 1st January 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) 1st January 1872, and end of then next session.

(18) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. -Promissory Notes. The whole Act - 28th July 1871, and end of then next session. (83A34 Vict. c. 103.) 28th July 1872 and end of then next session.

0*) 27 & 28 Vict c. 20. -Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act 13th May 1871, and end of then next session. (38 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 13th May 1872, and end of then next session.

' 480

Ch. 95.

ExpM/ng Law Continuance.

34*35 Vict.

i.

Original Acts.

(20;

27 & 28 Vict. c. 9.

Malt for Animals.-

(21)

27 & 28 Vict c. 92.

Public Schools.

(22)

28 & 2? Vict. c. 46.

Militia Ballots Suspension.

' (23), .

28 & 29 Vict c. 66. Charging of Malt Duty by Weight.

(24)

26 & 29 Vict. c. 83. t Locomotives on Roads.

(25) ' ' '

28 & 29 Vict o. 121.

Salmon Fishery Act.

(1861) Amendment

(26)

29 & 30 Vict c. 52.

Prosecution Expenses.

(27)

30 & 81 Vict £. 126. -Railway Companies

(Scotland).- *)

(28)

30 & 31 Vict. c. 127. -Railway Companies *

(29)

SO A 31 Vict c. 141.

Master and Servant

(30)

31 & 32 Vict c. 32. *: -Endowed Schools.

(31)

31 & 82 Vict c. 76. Militia Pay.

(32)

32 & 33 Vict c. 21.

Election Commissioners Expenses.

2. How far eon-turned. 8. Amending Acts. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. 5. Continued until

The whole Act t T - % - 28th April 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) Vt7 28£n April 1872, and end of then next session.

The whole Act - 1 st A uguSt 1871, tod end of then next session. - (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.), 1st August 1872, and end of then next session.

The whole Act - 1st October 1871, and end of then next se&otaL (83 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 1st October 1872, and end of then next session.

The whole Act - 29th June 1871, and end of then next session. (38 & 34 Vict c. 103.) 29th June 1872, and end of then next session.

The whole Act - -: 1st September 1871, and, end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) lst Septemberl872, and end of then next session.

As to appoint- . ment of commissioners, 8. 51. 1st October 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 1st October 1872, and end of then next session.

v :* - f-..' The Whqje Act 23d July 1871j and end of then next session. (83 & 34 Vict c. 103:) 23d July 1872, and end of Aen pext session.

As to protection of rolling Itfocky 8.4. j 1st September 1871, and end of then next session. <33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 1 st September 1872, and end of then next session.

As to protection of rolling stock, s. 4. 1st September 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) lit September 1872, and end of then next sesrioo.

The whole Act - 20th August 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict. c. 103.) 20th August 1872, and end of then next session.

The whale Act 1st August 1871, and end of then next session. (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) 1st August 1872 , : and end of then fnext session.

The whole Act 32 & 33 Vict c. 66. 31st July 1871 inclusive (33 & 34 Vict c. 103.) 31st July 1872 inclusive.

The whole Act - *n 24th June 1871, and end of then next session. (32 & 33 Vict. c. 21.) 24th June 1872, and end of then next session.

Pedlars Certificates.

Ch. 96.

481

CHAP. 96.

An Act for granting Certificates to Pedlars.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to " pedlars:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Pedlars Act; 1871.

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, which date is in this Act referred to as the commencement df this Act.

3. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the Allowing terms have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

The term "pedlar means any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, tinker, caster of metals, mender of chairs, or other person who, without any horse or other beast bearing or drawing burden, travels and trades on foot and goes from town to town or to other men's houses, carrying to sell or exposing for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise, or procuring orders for goods, wares, or merchandise immediately to be delivered, or selling or offering for sale his skill in handicraft:

The term "police district" means any of the districts mentioned in schedule one to this Act, and the term "chief officer of police" with reference to any police district means the officer mentioned in relation to that district in the said schedule, and such schedule with the notes thereto shall have effect as if it were enacted in this section:

The term "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means as follows:

As to England, the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled "An Act to facilitate the " performance of the duties of justices of the peace out " of sessions within England and Wales with respect " to summary convictions and orders," and any Acts amending the same:

As to Scotland," The Summary Procedure Act, 1864

As to Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district; and elsewhere in Ireland," The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same:

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Interpretation of certain terms in this Act.

" Pedlar."

"Police

district."

44 Summary Jurisdiction Acts."

482

u Court of

summary

jurisdiction*"

No one to aot as a pedlar without certificate.

Grant of certificate.

Ch. 96* Pedlars Certificates. 34 & 35 Yiyr.

The term "Court of Summary Jurisdiction" means and includes any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff or sheriff substitute, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any Acts therein referred to, or* to proceedings before whom the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts are or may be made applicable.

Certificates to be obtained by Pedlars.

4. No person shall act as a pedlar without such certificate as in this Act mentioned, or in any district where he is not authorised by his certificate so to acL Any person who —

(L) acts as a pedlar without having obtained a certificate* under this Act authorising him so , to act; or (2.) acts as a pedlar in any district in which he is not* authorised so to act by a certificate Under this Act* shall be liable for a first offence to a penalty not exceeding^ ten shillings, and for any subsequent offence to a penalty nab* exceeding one pound.

5* The following regulations shall; be made with respect to the grant of pedlars certificates:

1* Subject as in this Act mentioned, a pedlar's certificate shall be granted to any ponson by the chief officer of police of the police district in which the person applying for a certificate has, during one month previous to such, application, resided, on such officer being satisfied that the applicant is above seventeen years of age, is a person of good character, and in good faith intends, to cany on the trade of a pedlar:

2. An application for a pedlar s certificate shall be in the

form specified in schedule two to this Act, or as near thereto as circumstances admit:

3. There shall be paid for a pedlar's certificate previously

to the delivery thereof to the applicant a fee of five shillings:

4. A pedlar's certificate shall be in the form specified in

schedule two to this Act, oar as near thereto as circumstances admit:

5. A pedlar's certificate shall remain in force for one year

from the date of the issue thereof, and no longer:

6. On the delivery up of the old certificate, or on sufficient

evidence being produced to the satisfaction of the chief officer of police that the old certificate has been lost, that officer may, either at the expiration of the current year, or during the currency of any year, grant a new certificate in the same manner as upon a first application for a pedlar's certificate. In Great Britain one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in Ireland the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or

.1871. JPedlairB Certificates. Ch. 96. 483

governors of Ireland for the time being, may from time to time provide for the expiration of all pedlars certificates at the same period of each year, and in doing so shall provide for the apportionment of the fees payable in respect of any such certificate.

6. A pedlar's certificate granted under this Act shall, during Effect of cer-the time for which it continues in force, authorise the person tificate *

to whom it is granted to act as a pedlar within the police district in which the certificate is taken out.

For the purpose of the Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847, io & n Vict. and any Act incorporating the same, a certificate under this c* u *

Act shall have the same effect, within the district for which it is granted, as a hawker's license, and the term "licensed hawker" in the first-mentioned Act shall be construed to include a pedlar holding such a certificate.

7. Any pedlar who, having obtained a pedlar's certificate, Extension of desires to act as a pedlar in any other police district than

that in which the certificate is taken out, may, while his other districts certificate remains in force, apply to the chief officer of police th*? ^for of such other district to indorse his certificate, and such officer was

* shall, if satisfied that the applicant is above seventeen years of age, is a person of good character, and in good faith intends bo carry on the trade of a pedlar, and on payment by the pedlar of a fee not exceeding sixpence, indorse such certificate, and such indorsed certificate shall, 'while it continues in force, authorise the pedlar to act as a pedlar in such other district, and have in all respects the same effect as a certificate granted under this Act by an officer of such district to a person resident therein Vvould have.

The indorsement shall be in the form specified in schedule two to this Act, or as near thereto as circumstances admit.

8. There shall be kept in each police district a register of Register of the certificates and of the indorsement of certificates granted

and made in such district under this Act, in such form and each district, with such particulars as may from time to time be directed in Great Britain by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in Ireland by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

The entries in such register, and any copy of any of such entries, certified by the chief officer of police to be a true copy, shall be evidence of the facts stated therein.

9. Forms of applications for certificates shall be kept at Forms of

every police office in every police district, and shall be given to

gratis to any person applying for the same; and all applica- chief police tions for certificates shall be delivered at the police office of office.

the division or subdivision of the police district within which the applicant resides, and certificates, when duly signed by the chief officer of police, shall be issued at such office.

10. A person to whom a pedlar's certificate is granted Certificate not under this Act shall not lend, transfer, or assign the same to to be a8si£ned' tany other person, and any person who lends, transfers, or

Ss 2

484

Certificate not to be borrowed.

Penalty for forging certificate.

No exemption from vwgraht Jaw.

Convictions to be indorsed on certificate.

Appeal against refusal of certificate by chief, officer of pofiee.

Ch. 9(5. Pedlars Certificates. 34 & 35 Vie.

assigns such certificate to' knyother person shall fir each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

11, No person shall borrow or make use of a pedlar's certificate granted to any other 'person, and any person who borrows or makes use of such certificate shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

12, Any person, who Commits any of the following offences;

(that is to say,) "

. 1. Makes false representations With a view to obtain a pedlar's certificate tintter this Act: '' .ft 1

2. Gorges or cotmterfeitsS, pedlar's certificate granted under

' . (this Act: ' .....

3. Gorges or counterfeits an indorsement mads under this Act on such a certificate:

4. Aids in making Or procures to be made such forged or

counterfeited certificate or indorsement i' (*

5. TraVelS with, prOdhcCs, at shows any: such fbrgect1 or

1 counterfeited certificate Or indorsement, -; 'r

shall for the first offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding two pounds, and for any subsequent offence, either instead of or in addition to such penalty, to be imprisoned for any term imt exceeding sii months, vtdth or Without haail labour. ? r

13, A person shall not be exempt firOm the provisions of

any Act relative to idle and disorderly persons, rogues; and vagabonds, by reason only that he holds '« "certificate/ urider this Act, or, assists Of Is aticOmp&nying a pedlar holding a certificate udder this Act. ' t ' g

14, If any pedlar is (convicted of any offence under this Act, the court before Which he is convicted shall indorse or cause be indorsed on his certificate a record of such conviction. 1 -'"' "'r' ' " 'V| -

1 yh'e indorsements ralade 'under this Act oh a pedlars -certificate shall be evidence of the facts stated therm .;

15. If the chief officer of pOliee refuses to grant or indorae a certificate, the applicant may appeal to a court of summary jurisdiction naving jurisdiction' in the place where Bnch grant or indorsement was refused, m accordance with the following provisions: ' *

1. ' The applicant shall, within one week after the refaaal,

give to the Chief officer of police notice in writing of the appeal:

2. ' The appeal shall be heard at the sitting of- the chart

which happens next after the expiration of the toad week, hut the Court may, on the application of other party, adjourn the case: '

3. The court shall hear and determine the matter of the

appeal, and make such order thereon; with or without costs to either party, as to the court seems just

4. An appeal under this Act to a court of summary juris-

diction in England or Irehtnd shall be deemed toihh a matter on which that court has authority byilaw to

1371. / Pedlars Certificates Ch, 9(J. 4*S5

make An order in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and in Scotland the court may adjudicate r on matters arising under this section, in accordance with the enactments relating to the exercise of their ] ordinary jurisdiction:

5. Any certificate, or indorsement of a certificate, granted or made in pursuance of an order of the court, shall have the same effect as if it had been originally . granted or made by the chief officer of police.

16. Any court before which any pedlar is convicted of any Deprivation

offtence, whether under this or any other Act, or otherwise, ofp«diarof may, if he or they think fit, deprive such pedlar of his certifi- y

cate; and any such court shall deprive such pedlar of his certificate if he is convicted of begging.

Any court of summary jurisdiction may summon a pedlar holding a certificate under this Act to appear before them, and if hte foil to appear, or on ^ppeaj^mce to satisfy the court that he is in good foith carrying on the business of a pedlar, shall deprive him of his certificate.

Duties of Pedlars.

17. Any pedlar shall at all times, on demand, produce and Pedlar to show

show his certificate to any of the following persons; (that is c^pLreoos to say,) ,; oademwkl

1; Any justice of the peace 5 or

2. Any constable or officer of police; or,

3. Any person to whom such pedlar offers his gpods for

sale; or i ., I »

4. Any person in whose private grounds ot premises such

pedlar is found: i: f

And any pedlar who refuses, on demand, to show his certificate to, and allow it to be read and a copy thereof to be taken by, any of the persons hereby authorised to demand it, shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five shillings.

18. Where a person acting as a pedlar either refuses to show Arrest of ids certificate or has np certificate, or refuses to allow or ^J^cated prevents or attempts to prevent any such opening or inspection refusing of Iris pack, box, bag, trunk, or case as is authorised under to show his this Act* it shall be lawful for any of the persons authorised certificat«-

to demand the production of the certificate, and also for any other person acting by his order or at his request and in his 'aid, to apprehend such offender, and forthwith to convey or eanae him to be conveyed before, a justice of the peace. In Scotland such justice of the peace may coipuiit such' offender for trial if he think fit *

10* It shall be lawful for any constable or officer of police Police em-at any time to open and inspect any pack, box, bag, trunk, or to

rcase in which a pedlar carries his goods, wares, and iper- "

r chandise; and any pedlar who refuses to allow such constable or officer to open or inspect, such pack, box, ^ag, trunk, or

Ch. 96. Pedlars Certificates. 34 & 35 Vict.

case, or prevents or attempts to prevent him from opening or inspecting the same, shall be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

Legal Proceeding*.

20. In England and Ireland all offences and penalties under this Act may be prosecuted and recovered in manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, before a court of summary jurisdiction.

In Scotland all offences and penalties under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction under the provisions of the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, and all necessary powers are hereby conferred on such court

Provided as follows:

1. The court of summary jurisdiction, when hearing and determining an information or complaint, shall be constituted in some one of the following manners; that is to say,

(a.) In England, either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned, sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the Lord Mayor, or any alderman of the city of London, a metropolitan police magistrate, a stipendiary magistrate, or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace;

or,

(6.) In Scotland, of two or more justices of the peace sitting as judges in a justice of the peace court, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the sheriff of the county or his substitute, or the provost or other magistrate of a royal burgh, or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace:

(c.) In Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis* of one of the divisional justices of the said district* sitting at a police court within the said district; and elsewhere, of a stipendiary magistrate sitting alone or with others, or of any two or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions at a place appointed for holding petty sessions.

2. The description of any offence under this Act in the words

of such Act, or as near thereto as may be, shall be sufficient in law.

1871. Pedlars Certificates. Ch. 96. 487

8. Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification, whether it does or not accompany the description of the offence in this Act, may be proved by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived in the information, and if 90 specified or negatived, no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or prosecutor.

4. Penalties recovered in the metropolitan police district shall be applied in manner directed by the Acts relating to the metropolitan police.

5. Penalties recovered in Ireland shall be applied according to The Pines Act (Ireland), 1851, or any Act amending the same.

6. In Scotland the following enactments shall have effect:

(1.) All penalties imposed under this Act may, in default of payment, be enforced by imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months:

(2.) All penalties recovered under this Act shall be paid to the clerk of the court of summary jurisdiction, and by him accounted for and paid —

(a.) To the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, on behalf of Her Majesty, when the court is the Sheriff's Court:

(6.) To the collector of county rates, in aid of the county general assessment, when the court is the Justice of Peace Court:

(c.) To the treasurer of the burgh, in aid of the funds of the burgh, when the court is a burgh court:

(d.) To the treasurer of the Board of Police or Commissioners of Police, in aid of the police funds, when the court is a police court.

21. All fees received under this Act in England and Iceland Application shall be applied in manner in which, penalties recoverable of fees' under this Act are applicable.

All fees received under this Act in Scotland shall be accounted for and paid to the collector of the police assessment levied for support of the police of the district in which they are received, in aid of such assessment.

Miscellaneous.

22. Any act or thing by this Act authorised to be done by the chief officer of police may be done by any police officer under his command authorised by him in that behalf, and the term "chief officer of police " in this Act includes, in relation to any such act or thing, the police officer so authorised.

23. Nothing in this Act shall render it necessary for a certificate to be obtained by the following persons as such; (that is to say,)

1. Commercial travellers or other persons selling or seeking orders for goods, wares, or merchandise to or from

Deputy of chief officer of police.

Certificate not required by commercial travellers, sellers of fish, or sellers in fairs.

488 Ch. 96. Pedlars Certificates1 34 & 35 V^cfJ

persona who ere dealers therein and who buy to sell again, or selling or seeking orders for books as agents authorised in writing by the publishers of such books r

2. Sellers of vegetables, fish, fruit, or victuals:

3. Persons selling or exposing to sale goods, wares, or merw

chandise in afiy public mart, market, or fair legally established.

Reservation of 24. Nothing in this Act shall take away Or diminish any auth^tyfl<>Cal Powers vested in any local authority by any general

or local Act in force in the district of such local authority.

Repeal.

As to repeal 25. The Pedlars Act, 1870, is hereby repealed: provided

of Pedlars x W___ J 1 r

Act, 1870. «nat,

(1.) Any license g^antud under that Act shall continue in force as if it was granted under this Act:

(2.) This repeal shall not affect, '

(a.) Anything dply dope or suffered under the, said Act before the commencement of this Act:

(6.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred under the said Act before the commencement of this Act:

(c.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred in respect of any offence against the said Act before the commencement of this Act:

(d.) The institution or prosecution of any investigation or legal proceeding, or any other remedy, for ascertaining, enforcing, recovering, or imposing any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid .; ,

SCHEDULE ONE.

Ir.if , f -/1 b- ' _! - 1 T

Police District* ' Chief Officer of Police.

In England.

The cptjr of London, and the liberties thereof^ exclusive of Southwark.

The Metropolitan Police District -

Any county, any riding, parts, division, or liberty of a county, any borough, or town maintaining a separate police force.1 1

The Commissioner of the City. ' M

The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.

The chief constable or head constable, or other 'officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the district,

Any area maintaining police force.

i

a

Ik Scotland.

separate

The chief constable, superintendent of police, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the district.

1871, , Pedlars t Certificates, Ch. 96.

f ' 1:lii Pojioe Districts. Chief Officer of PoKce.

In bp The poHce district of Dublin metropolis. -Any district, whether city, town, vjoc country, over which is appointed a subdnspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary. - \ 1 *: v 1 1(r ELANP. Either of the t^mmissipnfrs of police for the district. The sub-inspector .;

r Note. — All the police under one chief constable shall be deemed to institute one police force for the punpofees of this schedulew

' :"'r; schedule two., ':

FORM Aj f J - i, j; I.)

' " Form of Application por PSidlar's CikTirtcATB.

-1* I A.B.

[Christian and surname of applicant in full] have during the last calendar month resided hi '' - in the parish of in the county of 1 1 *;

2. I am by trade and occupation a [Aef^attff trade and occupation of applicant e.g., that hois, a Jurwher, pedlar>

8. I inn yeareiofiag#4i i . M

4. I apply for a certificate The. Pedlars Act, 1871, authorising me to act as a pedlar, within the (, police district.

- Dated the - day of tr

/Qicmed^ A. 71.

[Here insert Christian and \ .8*"*>1/, ii.rrTnfu surname of applicant.]

FORM B. i

Form PediAA'3 O^ficate.

In pursuance of The Pedlars Act, 1871, I certify that A^P.-[name of applicant] of in the county of aged

years* is hereby authorised to act as a pedlar within the police district for a year from the date of this certificate.

. r To be, altered, if necessary, to correspond to any order of the Secretary of State or Lord Lieutenant of Ireland -as to time of expiration of licenses.] ' v j,

Certified this day of A.D.

(Signed)

This certificate will expire on the - day of t

* :1 *' 'r A.Di' / r if (, > .

Form of Indorsement of Pedlar's Certificate.

The within-named [here insertChriitian and surname of pedlar] ialiereby authorised to act ns pedlar up to and until the day

-of r, the day on which his certificate expires within the

poKoe district of

fftuMiAcD [Here insert name and description

1 I**1 / of the chiqf officer of pbkee by

whom the certificate is indorsed.]

489

A.

490 Ch. 97. Military Manosuvrez. 34 & 35 Ykrr.

[Short title.]

CHAP. 97.

An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

[21st August 1871.]

Yf^THEItEAS it is intended that during the ensuing autumn a large body of troops should be assembled for the purposes of military instruction within the area mentioned in the schedule hereto, and which area is herein-after referred to as the limits of this Act:

And whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for facilitating the exercise of the said troops, and for making compensation to persons whose lands may be damaged by the passage of such troops, and for other purposes connected with such assemblage of troops:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent, of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the u Military Manoeuvres Act, 1871."

Regulations as to ike forces,

2. Within the limits of this Act the forces to which this Act applies, in this Act referred to as " the forces," with their arms, munitions of war, and stores, may pass over any unenclosed or any prescribed enclosed lands, whether public or private, and may execute military manoeuvres on such lands. They may also encamp on any unenclosed lands, and for the purpose of any encampment, or for military exercises, dig trendies and throw up temporary field works on any such lands. The forces may supply themselves with water from any prescribed sources of water, and may, for the purpose of obtaining such supply, dam up any running water, use any private or occupation roads, and do all such other acts and things as may be required. They may also make temporary bridges across streams at prescribed places, and slope the banks, and otherwise do such acts in relation to the crossing streams as may be necessary for providing for the safe passage of the forces, with their arms, munitions of war, and stores.

Lands closed 3. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the forces a^amstjpassage enter upon or interfere with any dwelling-house, farmyard, garden, orchard, pleasure ground, nursery ground, park, or any premises enclosed within the curtilage of or attached to any dwelling-house, or any lands bearing roots or standing crops, or any underwoods, or any enclosed lands, except enclosed lands which may be prescribed as lands on which the forces are authorised to enter, and such last-mentioned lands shall, when necessary, be marked by flags or in such other manner as may for the time being be prescribed.

Compensation 4. Full compensation shall be made, out of moneys to be done^y^orces. provided by Parliament, for any damage that may be caused

Passage of forces over lands.

1871. Military Mancevjvres. Ch. 97. 491

to any lands within the limits, of this Act, by or in consequence of the forces, or the strangers accompanying such forces, passing over or occupying such lands; and the amount of compensation payable to any person entitled to such compensation shall, if disputed, in each case of damage be determined as herein-after mentioned; but no person belonging to the forces shall be liable to any action, suit, indictment, or othe^ legal proceeding, in respect of any trespass committed by him upon or damage done to land situate within the limits of this Act,

5. A commission shall be formed, consisting of the Lords Commission lieutenant of the respective counties of Berks, Hants, and Surrey, and the members representing in this present Parlia- to^ss^of8 ment the county of Berks, the Northern Division of the county forces over of Hants, and the Western Division of the county of Surrey, lands% respectively, and one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries

of State may from time to time, by writing under his hand, add to their number, or fill up any vacancy occasioned in their number by the death, resignation, or unwillingness to act of any member of such commission. The commission shall make such rules as to their places and times of meeting, their quorum at meetings, and their modes of procedure as they think fit.

Every question shall be decided by a majority of the votes of the members of the commission voting on that question.

The officer in command of the forces, or any officer from time to time deputed by him, and the (said commission in this Act called the consultative commission, shall from time to time by order prescribe anything by this Act directed to be prescribed, and may make regulations with respect to the protection of cattle and sheep by securing the same in folds or farmyards, and with respect to any other matter or thing which they may deem essential for the purpose of preventing damage to property and the more efficiently carrying into effect the purposes of this Act .; i

A person neglecting to conform to any regulation made in pursuance of this Act for the protection of any cattle, sheep, or other property shall not, after notice has been given him of such regulation, be entitled to claim compensation in respect of any damage caused to such property in consequence of his having been guilty of such negjlect as aforesaid *

The consultative commission may from time to time delegate any of the powers by this Act given to; them to any two or more of their number, who shall, from time to time, attend upon and be in communication with the officer commanding the forces, or any officer deputed by. him, during the time such forces are assembled in pursuance of this Act.

6. The following enactments shall be made witii respect to Court of arbi-

compensation for damage under this Act: Ration for

(1.) The Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint compensation one person or more, each of whom is herein-after payable in called the compensation officer, whose duty it shall reRPe£* of^pas-

Ch. 97. Military Mcm&uvres. 34 & 35 Vter.

be, immediately the forces have ceased to qecnjiy or pass over any part of the limits of this Act, 'to ascertain the damage done, and to receive and settle summarily, as far as practicable, by agreement, the . amount of compensation, in which case the compen-, t sation officer shall either cause the compensation to be paid at once, or shall give a writing to the person entitled, stating the amount to be paid, and the place and date at which the same will be paid, such date not being later than the fifteenth of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

(2.) The mode in which claims of compensation are to be sent to .the* compensation officer shall be publicly notified in the limits of the Act. Every claim for . compensation shall be sent to the compensation officer immediately after the forces haver ceased to occupy or pass over the land in respect rpf which compensation is claimed, and at the latest within one week after the damage done:

(3.) If the compensation, officer shall fail to settle any claim for compensation, or be unable to decide, the person ' to whom compensation is payable, the same shall be referred by him to the court of arWtrajtion established under this Act, with a statement by the compensation officer of what he considers a fair compensation for the damage done:;

(4.) A court of arbitration shall be formed, consisting of three persons, one of whom shall be named by the consultative commission, in writing wider the hands r of any- two or more of the members of that commission, one by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the third by the two persons already chosen, 1 in wpriting under their bands, or, in case of their failure to agree as to such appointment within three days, by the chief justice of the Court of Queen's £$neb> and all claims to receive compensation under this Act for damage caused to lands within the limits of this Act by or in consequence of the forces, or the strangers accompanying such forces, passing over or occupying such lands, shall be determined by such court:

(5.) Any vacancy Tin the office of any member of the court of arbitration occasioned by death, resignation, unwillingness to act, or otherwise* shall be SHed up by the authority which appointed the vacating member in the same manner in which the vacating member f was appointed: *.

(6.) There shall be paid to the members of the court of arbitration such compensation as the said Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine:

X#TL. Military Manceum^es. Cfi.97.

(7') The court of arbitration Shkll have fall pb wek to decide all questions whatsoever, whether of kw or feet, which it may be necessary to decide for the purpose 1 of awarding compensation ufcder this Act, and in

particular to decide in any case of alleged damage to lands whether such damage was or wa# not caused by or in consequence of the forces, or the strangers accompanying such forces, passing Over dt* occupying v! such lands, and also (if such damage was so caused)

to determine the person entitled to receive compensation for such damage, and the court of arbitration shall not be subject to be restrained ' in the Aue execution of its powers by the order of any court,

' nor Shall any proceedings before it be removed by

certiorari into any court, nor shall any award by it be sSt aside: 1;

(8.) The court of arbitration may feamitte witnesses on oath, and with respect to the enforcing the attendance of witnesses, after a tender of their expenses, the examination of witnesses, and the production of books, papers, and documents, shall 'have all such powers, rights, and privileges as are Vested in one of Her Majesty's superior courts of law for such or the like purposes.

(9.) The court of arbitration may bold its sittings at such times and places as it :lhmks expedient, and any 1 -; n jurisdiction or aet to be exercised or done by the

-i'/ court of arbitration may be exercised or done by i d any tWO members of that court:

' (10.); The court of arbitration may appoint a Valuer, and

may delegate to such valuer such powers of assessing

i lit (Compensation under this Act as it may think fit; V 1 but an appeal may be bad from hte decision to the tk U " court of arbitration ? " 1 1 v '

<fl.) The court of arbitration nday examine the valuer as to _i, |a the amount of compensation which in his opinion ought to be paid inariy case of damage brought *; i before it, and may adopt or reject his opinion as it

thinks just:

(T&y The court of arbitration' may rCView andlrescind or vary any order or decision previously made by it; but, save as aforesaid, every order or decision of the said court shall be final:

7 ' (13.) The court of arbitration shall publish in such manner as it thinks fit directions as to the mode in which applications are to be made to it under this Act.

The court of arbitration shall not be boiihd to hear any counsel or attorney, but any person claiming compensation may appear in person or by some agent authorised by him in writing, and the court of arbitration may, in addition to compensation for damage, grant further compensation for costs T t

494 Cel 97. Military Manoeuvres. 34 & 35 Vict.

reasonably incurred in substantiating a claim, or may refuse such costs wholly or partially, or reduce the amount of compensation if the person claiming refused a fair offer from the compensation officer.

Compensation may be paid to the person in actual occupation of the land in respect of which it is claimed, or in case of his absence, or inability, to his wife or some member of his family, his steward, or other person acting for him in the cultivation and management of the land, whose receipt shall be a complete discharge for the damage in respect of which the compensation is paid.

Any person fraudulently claiming and receiving compensation to which he is not entitled shall be guilty of a fraud, and liable to be dealt with as if he had fraudulently received money under false pretences, and shall in addition be liable to pay the money received to the person entitled thereto.

Regulations as to persons not belonging to the forces.

Offences 7. If any stranger commits any trespass upon or does any

against Act. damage to any lands within the limits of this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, in addition to making full compensation in money for any damage he may have caused.

Any stranger going on any lands within the limits of this Act on which the public is not entitled by law to go without the printed or written permission of the officer in command of the forces, or of some officer deputed by him, shall be deemed to have committed a trespass on such lands, and be punishable accordingly.

If any stranger not having such permission as aforesaid, when warned not to go on any land, attempts to go thereon, or when on such land and warned to depart therefrom, refuses so to depart, he shall, in addition to any other penalty to which he may be subject, be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings. He may also be prevented by force from going on, or be removed by force from any such lands as aforesaid.

For the purposes of this section, a warning not to go on lands or to depart from lands, may be given by any sentinel or other person belonging to the forces or by any constable, and in the case of enclosed lands every stranger not having such permission as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been warned not to go upon such lands, and be punishable accordingly.

Any constable may take possession of any horse or carriage with which any stranger is trespassing, and may remove the same from any lands on which it is found; and no compensation shall be payable in respect of any damage which may accrue to any such horse or carriage by reason of such removal, which is not caused by the wilful act or neglect of the constable removing the same.

1871. Military Manozuvi'sa. Ch. 97. 495

If any person without due authority moves any flag or other mark distinguishing any lands, or obstructs or interferes with the movements of the .forces, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

If any person, without the special permission in writing of the officer in command of the forces, or of some officer deputed by him, enters on any lands for the time being directed to be kept clear, or within the lines of any encampment belonging to the forces, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings; and may, if he refuses to go, be removed by force from any lands on which he has so entered.

Any person charged with committing any offence against this Act may be taken into custody without warrant by any constable or person authorised to act as a constable, and may be detained until he can be brought before a special magistrate and be dealt with according to law: Provided that no person shall be detained under the powers of this section without being brought before a special magistrate for more than six hours.

Any constable or person authorised by this Act to act as a constable using force in cases in which force is by this section permitted to be used, shall be indemnified from all consequences which may result from such user of force.

Any two justices of the peace residing in the immediate ^vicinity of a place where encampments or manoeuvres are About to take place, or any special magistrate accompanying A body of troops, may upon the requisition of the superior officer commanding them, and with the consent of the owner or occupier of land over which any footpaths or other rights of way (save turnpikes, county or parish roads) exist, may .temporarily close or divert the same; provided always, that the duration and limits of such stoppage or diversion shall be publicly declared by printed notices twelve hours previous to such occupation or passage of troops.

8. The said Secretary of State, with the consent of the authority having power to dispose of the services of any o^offen^.011 constables, may, by order under his hand, appoint such constables, or any of them, to act as constables within the limits of this Act; and every constable so appointed shall, within the limits of this Act, have all such powers, privileges, and immunities, and be liable to all such responsibilities, as any constable duly appointed has within his constablewick, by virtue of the common law of the realm, or of any Act of Parliament for the time being in force.

Any person belonging to the forces may, when called upon by any constable, assist such constable in performing any duty imposed upon him by this Act, or may, when directed by his commanding officer, act as a constable in respect of any offence against this Act; and any person so assisting or

Tt 2

496 Ch. 97. Military Mancwuvi'es. 34 & 35 Vict.

directed to act shall, during the performance of such duty, have the same powers, privileges* and immunities as a constable appointed by the said Secretary of State to act within the limits of this Act.

Punishment 9. The said Secretary of State may, by order under his against1 Act hand, appoint any county justice or justices, having jurisdiction

within the limits of this1 Act, or any part -of such limbs, with his or their consent, to attend for any time named in: such order, the forces or any portion of such forces; and any justice so appointed, in this Act referred to as a special magistrate, shall, during the time so named, have jurisdiction, as a jostioe of the peace, to punish any offence against this Act* by whomsoever committed, within the limits of this Act, and any offence by any other Act punishable upon summary conviction, and committed by any stranger, i

Any power by this Act given to a special magistrate may be exercised by any two o* mere special magistrates.

Any special magistrate may try any case in the openair, or in any other place which he may think convenient^ and if the offence be committed in view of such magistrate be nay punish the offender without any further evidenoa. Aninfbr-mation in writing shall not be required in respect of any offence triable by any special magistrate *

Where the special magistrate determines that compensation is to be paid by any oflfen(fer for any damage caused by him to lands, such magistrate shall order such compensation to be paid to the person entitled to receive such compensation, and shall, for the purpose of determining the person so entitled, and the amount of compensation» payable, but subject to the appeal herein-after mentioned, have all /the powers by this Act given to the court of arbitration, and the magistrate making such order shall certify the same to. the noert of arbitration or to some officer to be appointed for the purpose, and the amount so paid shalbbe taken into consideration by the court in considering any further claim to compensation in respect of the datnage So cpinmittecL

Where any person is guilty of an offence against this Act at a place where the forces, or any portion of them, are exercising or encamping, the special magistrate before whom such offence is tried may, if be thinks fit, instead of subjecting the offender to any other penalty, commit him to the custody of any constable or constables, and direct him to be detained by such constable or constables, either on the field, or at any convenient spot, for any period not exceeding six hours; and such order of commitment shall be valid without any* preliminary written proceedings, provided that the special magistrate is satisfied that the offender has been guilty of theoffefcce in respect of which he is committed to custody.

Subject as aforesaid, any offence triable under Act by ' any special magistrate shall be prosecuted, as nearly as may be, in manner detected by the Act of the session of the Seventh

1871. Military Momefbivres. Gh.97. 497

andtwetffeh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled "An Act to fooilitate the performance of the duties of Justices of the Peace out of sessions within " England and Wales with respect to summary convictions u and orders," inclusive of any Acts amending the same.

No order made, or warrant issued, or other act or thing done, in pursuance of this Act, by a special magistrate, shall be impeached on the ground of any defect in, the jurisdiction of such magistrate, unless the objection to such jurisdiction is, made at the time of the making or issue of such order or (warrant, or the doing of such act or thing *

Where a special magistrate under this Act awards, by way of compensation for any damage done to lands, any sum exceeding five pounds, any person aggrieved by the decision of such magistrate may, upon giving security for costs to the satisfaction of the magistrate, appeal to. the next practicable oourt of general or quarter sessions holden for the county in which the cause of appeal has arisen, and such court may, upon the hearing of the appeal, confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the special magistrate, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just.

Offences against this Act shall be triable only by a special magistrate, but subject as aforesaid nothing in this section contained shall affect any jurisdiction which the justices of t>ke county in which any offence; may be committed would have had if this Act had not passed.

lO. Evidence of any order or regulation mad© by the con- Evidence of sultative commission and the officer in command of the forces, orders and or any officer deputed by him, or by any of the said parties, re«u, ations-may be given in all legal proceedings whatever by the production of a copy purporting to be, certified to be a true copy by any member of the said consultative commission, or by the officer in command of the forces, or any officer from time lotime deputed by him, and notice of any such order or regulation may be served on any person personally or by leaving a copy of such notice at his usual place of abode.

No proof shall be required of the handwriting or official position of any person certifying in pursuance of this section to the truth of a copy of any such order or regulation.

Any order or regulation of which evidence is given in pursuance of this Act shall, until the contrary is proveil, be deemed to have been duly made.

. ., pefinitions,

XL In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the Definitions: following expressions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

The expression "forces to which this Act applies " or "the "Forces." forces" means and includes all such regular troops, militia, i yeomanry, volunteers, licensed sutlers, and followers in or of any of the said forces, as may for the time: being be T t 3

" Strangers."

M Damage to lands," and " lands."

Anns, munitions of war, and stores."

Unenclosed

lands."

Time during which Act is

assembled within the limits of thisAjct during the ensuu^; autumn for the purposes of military instruction, and are subject to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War:

The officer commanding the forces, or any officer or officers deputed by him, may from time to time grant licenses to persons applying for the same authorising such persons to act as licensed sutlers in the said forces, or to be followers of the said forces, and may from time to time revoke any licenses so granted.

Any holders of such licenses shall be subject to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War, and shall be deemed to be licensed sutlers and followers within the meaning of the said Act and articles, but all other sutlers and followers in or of the said forces shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be strangers.

Any licenses granted in pursuance of this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the said Secretary of State, and shall declare the fact that the person thereby licensed is subject to the Mutiny Act and to the Articles of War.

The expression "strangers accompanying the forces " or " strangers " or " stranger" means all such persons or any such person as may for the time being be attending on or accompanying the forces to which this Act applies, for the purpose of trading, amusement, or any other purposes whatever, and are not or is not subject to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War, but shall not include any owner or occupier of lands when on the lands owned or occupied by him.

The expression "damage to lands " includes damage to trees, underwoods, crops, animals, or other property on such lands, and also any loss or injury that may be sustained by the occupier of any Such lands on account of being unable to cultivate and sow com or other seeds on such lands during such occupation and passing over such lands; also any loss or injury sustained by any occupier from shutting up and securing his cattle or sheep in folds or farmyards; also any lass or injury sustained by any person by the damming up of any running stream, or by the use of any private or occupation roads; and " lands " includes lands covered by water.

The expression "arms, munitions of war, and stares " includes all matters and things required for the use of the forces to whom this Act applies, and all animals and conveyances used for the conveyance of such matters or things; also all animals used for the food of the forces.

The expression "unenclosed lands " includes any unfenced or open lands.

Duration of Act.

12. This Act, in so far as it relates to the power of the forces to pass over and occupy land, shall remain in force till

the first of October next and no longer, but in so fix as it relates to the giving of compensation for damage caused by the passage or occupation of such forces, shall remain in force till the first of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

SCHEDULE.

Area forming Limits of Act.

For the purposes of this Act the area therein referred to shall be deemed to be enclosed by a boundary line starting from Loddon Bridge at a point at which the main road from Beading to Wokingham crosses the river Loddon, and thence following the course of the river Loddon to the point at which it is crossed by the high road from Beading to Odiham, thence by a line running along the main road which passes through Biseley and Heckfiela to Hook, thence along the road to Skewers, thence along the road running south to the Basingstoke Canal, thence along the canal to North Warnborough, thence along the main road which passes Odiham and South Warnborough to Alton, thence along the road which passes through West Worldham and Hartley to Selbourne, thence along the road which passes near Greatham, and across Bridges Hall to Bake at the south-western extremity of Milland Common. From Rake along the high road to Haslemere, thence along the high road through Godalming to Guildford, thence along an imaginary straight line to a point at which the South-western Railway crosses the Thames near Staines, thence along an imaginary straight line to Wokingham, thence along the road from Wokingham to Loddon Bridge aforesaid.

CHAP. 98.

An Act to amend the Vaccination Act, 1867.

[21st August 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as "The Vaccination Act, 1871."

2. This Act, except as herein-after expressly provided, and except so far as relates to the formation of any districts, or the making of any rules, orders, or regulations, shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act shall be construed as one with the Vaccination Act of 1867, in this Act referred to as the principal Act, and

499

to remain in force.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Construction of Act

Definition of "parent."

Appointment of vaccination officer.

Duties of

vaccination

officer.

Transmission of certificates to vaccination officer.

Ch. 98. Vaccination Act (1867) Amendment 34 & 35 Vict.

those Acts and this Act may be cited together as <( The Vacci* nation Acts, 1867 and 1871:"

4. In this Act the term "parent" includes any person haying the custody of a child.

Vaccination Officer.

5. Whereas under the principal Act the guardians of any union or parish may pay any officer appointed by them to prosecute persons charged with offences against that Act or otherwise to enforce! ^provisions, and it is expedient to render obligatory the appointment of such an officer; Be it enacted that the guardians of every union and parish shall appoint and pay one or more of such officers (in this Act referred to as ft vaccination officers ").

The provisions of the principal Act with respect to the division of unions and parishes into vaccination districts shall extend to authorise the division of such unions or parishes into districts for the purpose of the duties of vaccination officers, - so however that a district of one vaccination officer shall (unless the Poor Law Board otherwise direct) coincide either with a vaccination district or districts under the principal Act or with a district or districts of a registrar of births and deaths.

Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Poor Law Board shall have the same powers with respect to guardians and vaccination officers in matters relating to vaccination as they have with respect to guardians and officers of guardian^ in matters relating to the relief of the poor, and may make rules, orders, and regulations accordingly, and all enactments relating to such powers, and to such orders, rules, and regulations, shall apply mutatia mutandis; and the Poor Law Board shall also from time to time frame, provide, and distribute appropriate books and forms for the use of vaccination officers, public vaccinators, and medical practitioners under the principal Act and this Act.

6. The vaccination officers shall perform all the duties imposed by the principal Act on the registrar of births and deaths, except the duty of giving the notices mentioned in section fifteen of the principal Act, and the principal Act shall be construed as if the Words " vaccination officer " were substituted for the words "registrar of births and deaths" throughout that Act, except section fifteen and any other part of that Act relating to that section, and except that afi fees received by the vaccination officer as such shall be accounted for to the guardians and paid to the fond out of which the expenses of the guardians under the principal Act are paid

7. Every certificate of a child being unfit for or insusceptible of successful vaccination if given by a public vaofci-nator shall, instead of being delivered by him to the parent,

1871# iVacmudion Act (1867) Am^ment. Ch. 98. 5QJ

be transmitted by such public valuator, and if given by any other medical practitioner shall be transmitted by the parent, of such child, to the vaccination officer, in like manner as if it was a certificate of successful vaccination, and within seven days after the examination of the child upon which such certificate is founded, and the public vaccinator shall, upon request, and without fee or charge, deliver to the parent a duplicate of any such certificate transmitted by him.

Every certificate of successful vaccination shall be transmitted within seven days after it is ascertained that the operation has been successfully performed; and where a inedical practitioner who is not a public Vaccinator inspects a child to ascertain the result of the operation of vaccination; such medical practitioner, as soon as he has ascertained that the operation has been successfully performed, fehall deliver to the parent causing the child to be Vaccinated a certificate of successful vaccination, in the proper form, and duly filled up and signed by him .; r,

Every person who acts in contravention of Or fails to comply with any provision of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings; and every person who wilfully signs a false certificate or duplicate under this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liab^ to fine or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding two years. 1

No fee shall be payable for the registration of any certificate of vaccination under the principal Act or this Act *

8. Every registrar of births and deaths for any place shall, Transmission once at least in every month, transmit, by post or otherwise, to each vaccination officer whose district is Wholly or partly of births and comprised in such place, a return, certified under the hand of deaths-the registrar to be a true return, of allbirfchB and of all deaths of infants under twelve months of age which have, since the .date of the last return (or in the case of the first return, since the passing of this Act), been registered by feuch registrar as having occurred in the district of the vaccination officer to whom the return is sent. r *

The registrar shall, whether he is or is not also the vaccination officer, be entitled to a fee of twopence for every birth or death entered in such return; fnd such fee shall be paid to him out of the same funds and by the same person^ and in the like manner as the fees for giving the notices under section ' fifteen of the principal Act.

The returns under this section shall be made in such form: and contain such particulars as may be from time to time prescribed by the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England, with the approval of the Poor Law Board and forms necessary for such purpose and for the purpose of the principal Ant shall be supplied by the said Registrar General to every registrar of births and deaths.

502

Payment of f$e by re-vaccinated person where not inspected.

Penalty for preventing vaccinator from taking lymph.

Amendment of legal proceedings for penalties.

Ch. 98. Vaxxmation Act (1867) Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

9. Where the operation of re-vaccinating any person is performed on the application of such person by the public vaccinator without charge to such person, the public vaccinator shall deliver to such person a notice requiring him to attend at the same place on the same day in the following week, in order that he may be inspected, and the result of tke operation ascertained, and stating that in default he will be liable as in this section mentioned, and the public vaccinator, if required, shall deliver to the person re-vaccinated a certificate of the result of the operation of re-vaccination; and if such person fail to comply with such notice or to permit the public vaccinator or his deputy to ascertain the result of the operation, he shall pay a fee for such re-vaccination of two shillings and sixpence, which fee shall be a debt due from him to the guardians of the union or parish in which such public vaccinator acts, and all such fees shall be paid to and all expenses of the guardians incurred under this section shall be paid out of the fund out of which the expenses of the guardians under the principal Act are paid.

Penalties.

10. Every person who prevents any public vaccinator from taking from any child lymph as provided by section seventeen of the principal Act shall be liable, on summary conviction, to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

11. Proceedings under section thirty-one of the principal Act may be taken and proceeded with with respect to any child who is not within the union or parish for which a vaccination officer acts, if either the child or its parent was within such union or parish at the time of the information being given by such vaccination officer.

Where any parent of a child fails to produce such child when required so to do by any summons under the principal Act, such parent shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

Any complaint may be made and any information laid for an offence under the Vaccination Acts, 1867 and 1871, at any time not exceeding twelve months from the time when the matter of such complaint or information arose and not subsequently.

Where a person is charged with the offence of neglecting to take or cause to be taken any child to be vaccinated, and on the defence made by such person it appears to the justices having cognizance of the case that such person is not guilty of such offence but has been guilty of the offence of not transmitting any certificate required by the principal Act or this Act with respect to the vaccination of such child, the justices may convict such person of the last-mentioned offence in like manner as if be had been charged therewith.

1871. Vaccination Act (1867) Amendment. Ch. 98. 50S

The defendant in any proceedings under the principal Act or this Act may appear by any member of his family, or any other person authorised by him in this behalf.

Miscellaneous.

12. Where it appears to the public vaccinator of any district. Certificate upon personal examination of any child resident in such district

who has not been successfully vaccinated by him, that such vaccma 10n* child has been successfully vaccinated, the public vaccinator may, on the request of the parent of such child, grant a certificate to that effect, and such certificate shall be transmitted and have the same effect as if it were a certificate of successful vaccination by the public vaccinator who gave the certificate.

13. Where the medical officer of any board of guardians Vaccination is in attendance as such medical officer upon a person sick of by f.00?

n j ., i il medical officer

small-pox, and vaccinates any person who is resident in the of per^ng in sarnie house with the sick person and has never been vaccinated the house with or had the small-pox, or re-vaccinates any person who is resident g^80^ of in the same house with the sick person and has never been re- 8 -pox' vaccinated, and is of the age at which successful re-vaccination by a public vaccinator is paid for under the regulations of the Lords of Her Majesty's Council for the time being in force, such medical officer shall, upon transmitting the same certificates as he would be required to transmit if he were the public vaccinator for the district, be entitled to be paid in respect of every such case of vaccination and re-vaccination the same sum out of the same fund as he would be entitled to receive if he were the public vaccinator for the district

14. The powers of the Poor Law Board, under section nine Extension of of the principal Act, with respect to contracts for vaccination jjo ^ict* entered into under the provisions of that Act, shall extend to to contracts contracts for vaccination entered into under the provisions of for vaccination, any other Act.

15. The Poor Law Board may, by order, from time to time Alteration of repeal, alter, and add to the forms contained in the schedule to form9,

the principal Act, and the reference in the principal Act or this Act to the forms in such schedule or to any forms shall be construed to refer to the forms prescribed by any such order.

16. After the establishment of the Local Government Board Substitution under any Act passed in the present session, this Act shall be construed as if the words Local Government Board were Board for throughout it substituted for the words Poor Law Board or Poor Law Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council respectively.

17. After the commencement of this Act, the principal Act to ' shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of part Pf

of the schedule to this Act: Provided that this repeal shall not principal Act affect anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act, or any right, interest, or liability accrued before the passing of this Act, or any remedy or proceeding in respect of any such thing, right, interest, or liability.

-Tr " r

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

limit of Act

27 & 28 Vict c. 99. to be construed with this Act

Chairman may give permission to nominate special bailiff at peril of party.

Ch. 98, 99. Vaccination Act (1867) Anwndment. 34 & 35Ylcr.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. — _ - i, mli£ Extent of Repeal, ^iiarv

t-r "TVtcf:

30 & 31 Vict. The Vaccination Section fourteen; so muchpf Sejc|Mfa

c.B4. Act of 1867. twenty-three " as requires a *pfittt " to submit any certificate, or pvt- scribes the time within which any " certificate is to be transmitted, *; and the following words in section twenty-four, namely, "and another " fee of threepence in respect of " every such child whose certificate " he shall have registered as herein " provided, and he shall receive a " fee of one penny in respect of each

" *child Whose certificate he shall hare " registered without having regh- " tered the birth"; and sert^n

twenty-seven.

CHAP. 99.

An Act to amend the Procedure in the Civil Bill " Courts in Ireland.

[21st August 1871:]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the procedure of the . Civil Bill Courts in Ireland, and to enlarge the provision for the better execution of the decrees and orders of the said Courts ' j

Be it enacted by the .Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the Loi; ds Spiritual ai^ Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemble and by the authority of the same, as follows: o

1. This Act shall come into operation on the first dayef .October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

3# This Act shall extend to Ireland only, , ?r

r % This Act may be dted for all purposes " The Civil Bj|l Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1871."

4. " The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment (Ireland)

Act, 1864," and the several provisions of Acts inpo^poi^t^ rwith the said Act shall, as the same are amended by this; A# and so far as the same are not inconsistent therewith, be road together with this Act as if the same and this Act were one Act. -r

5. The sheriff of every county shall, on the demand of the plaintiff in a decree (except a decree for the possession of land), or of the defendant in any dismiss heretofore made or hereafter to be made, grant a special warrant to such plaintiff or jdsfc*-dant, as the case may be, nominating one or more bailiffs ^and his or their assistants to execute same at the peril of 31^1

.1871. Cvvil Bill Courts (Ireland). Ch. 99. 505

plaintiff or defendant, as the case may be, and said warrant shall be in the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, or to the.likeeffect; provided, however, that the chairman of every quarter sessions, on application to him in open court, may, within his jurisdiction, by endorsement on any such decree or dismiss, direct that no special warrant shall be given to the plaintiff or defendant; and where any such endorsement is made, the sheriff shall not grant a special warrant. The sheriff shall be entitled to a fee of one shilling upon every such warrant, and after signing said warrant shall not be entitled to any poundage on said decree or the execution thereof.

Any person employed under the authority of this Act as a bailiff in any civil bill decree shall have all and the same power and authority to sell goods taken in execution by him as any bailiff appointed by the sheriff.

The provisions contained in section twenty-eight of u The Civil Bill Procedure Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1864/' shall apply to goods or cattle which shall be taken in execution by any bailiff appointed tinder the authority of this Act: Provided always, that in the construction of the said section in relation to such goods or cattle the same shall be read as if for the word "sheriff" the words u person pa.whose demand a bailiff was nominated " were substituted in the said section.

Provided, however, that, unless the plaintiff in case of a decree, or defendant in case of a dismiss, shall elect to have such decree or dismiss executed by obtaining a warrant to execute same at his own peril as herein-before mentioned, same shall be executed by the sheriff or his bailiff as if this Act had not been passed.

6. In case it shall appear upon the trial of any action or Bailiff guilty proceeding that any person, whether appointed by the sheriff ^m^raduct nr nominated at the peril of the plaintiff or defendant as

bailiff, has been guilty of any misconduct which, in the opinion acting.

of the chairman, ought to disqualify him from being thereafter

appointed to execute decrees, the said chairman shall make

an order that the sheriff of the county or city in which such 1

person resides shall not thereafter appoint any such person as

bailiff, either under the provisions of the said w Civil Bill Court

Procedure Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1864," or at the plaintiff

or defendant's peril, to execute any decree or dismiss, and such 7 > u

order shall be entered by the clerk of the peace in a book to

be kept by him for that purpose, and a copy thereof, signed A '

by the clerk of the peace, shall, within one week from the date thereof, be transmitted by him to the sheriff: Provided always, that the said chairman may at any time thereafter revoke and annul the said order, but so long as it shall continue in force it shall not be lawful for the sheriff of Such county or city to sign a warrant authorising any person so disqualified to execute any decree or dismiss.

7. It shall be the duty of the sheriff of every county or city Sheriff to on being sworn into his office to obtain from the clerk of the obtlil1 of

disqualified

persons.

Discontinuance of certain allowances to sheriffs and clerks of the peace.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 112.

[Short title.]

Interpretation of terms.

Incorporation of Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Ch. 99, 100. Civil BUZ Charts (Ireland). 34 & 35J Vict.

peace a list of the persons so disqualified, which list the clerk of the peace shall furnish to such sheriff1 without any fee.

8. The first part of Schedule B. in the Act of the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth Victoria, chapter ninety-nine, the thirty-third section of said Act, and so much of Part Three in the said Schedule B. which gives one penny in every shilling to the clerk of the peace, are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE to the foregoing Act.

Form of the Sheriff's Warrant to a Special Bailiff.

County of 1 I authorise and empower AJB. and C.Z)., efr

to wit j either of them, and their or either of their assistants special bailiffs, at the plaintiffs [or defendants in case ef dismiss] peril to execute the above decree [or dismiss].

Given under my hand this day of 18 .

{Sheriff of the said County.

CHAP. 100.

An Act to amend " The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870." [21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS by "The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870," the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland are authorised to make advances out of public money by way of loan for the several purposes in the said Act mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient to amend and extend the provisions of the said Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as "The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871," and this Act and " The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870," shall be read together and construed a& one Act; and the said Acts may be cited as " The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts, 1870 and 1871."

2. The term "principal Act " in this Act shall mean "The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870

The term "the board " in this Act or in any proceedings or document under the same shall mean "The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland: *

The term "work " in the principal Act used shall also include offices and inclosures.

3. The board for the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act shall be incorporated under the style of "The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland," and by that name shall have succession, and shall have a common seal, to be by them made and from time to time altered, as they shall think fit; and all courts, judges, justices, and persons judicially acting, and other officers shall take judicial notice of such seal, and every order or other act of the board in reference td

1871. Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act (1870) Amendment Ch. 100, W7

the principal Act or this Act, or copies of the same purporting to be sealed with such seal, shall be received in evidence without further proo£

4« In addition to the purposes for which loans may be Additional made, as stated in section three of the principal Act, the board may also make loans in the manner and subject to the conditions may be therein mentioned for either of the purposes following; viz., — granted.

1. The purchase of any dwelling-house, with or without

offices, deemed desirable for the dwelling-house of any ecclesiastical person, such loan not to exceed two thirds of the purchase money:

2. The discharge of any debt due and incurred before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy, in the erection, enlargement, or structural im-f provemeat of any such dwelling-house or offices thereto annexed, such loan not to exceed two thirds of the amount expended on such building.

5. Every such loan made under this Act shall be repaid by Security for the payment of an annual rentcharge as in the principal Act ^e1^ayment mentioned, and all lands, buildings, and premises in respect of

which any such loan shall be made shall be deemed to be and shall be well charged with the payment of such rentcharge* and that in priority to all charges and incumbrances whatso-erVfer affecting such estate or interest, save and except quitrents and rentcharges in lieu of tithes, and except all charges prior in date (if any) existing under any of the Acts mentioned in the schedule to the principal Act: Provided always, that in case such lands, buildings, or premises shall be held under any grant or demise, nothing therein contained shall prejudice orf affect the right of the grantor or lessor in any such grant or demise, or of any superior grantor or lessor; and every such rentch&rge shall be recovered in like manner as any rentcharge under the principal Act.

6. When any loan shall be made under the principal Act insurance of or this Act, the board, if they think fit, may insure against damage by fire all buildings and erections then or thereafterJ standing or being on the lands, hereditaments, and premises charged with such loan, such insurance to be effected in such insurance office or company, and in such sum of money, not exceeding the amount of such loan, as the board shall from

time to time direct; and the board shall keep on foot such insurance as aforesaid, and all premiums paid thereon by the board shall be deemed to be included in all charges and securities whereby repayment of such loan shall be secured, and shall be forthwith recoverable in like manner as any instalment of the rentcharge payable in respect of such loan.

7. In all cases of loans under the principal Act or this Act, Commissioners tile board shall make an order under their seal, declaring that such loan has been made, and setting forth the amount of their seal such loan, the names of the persons to whom or on whose application the same has been made, and a description of the

Uu 2

Commissionerg to register order for loan.

The premises to become chargeable with the payment of rent-charge.

Keiifcharge to be paid to the board.

Ecclesiastical person in occupation, &c. to pay rent-charge.

Certificate of amount due to be evidence.

Power to redeem rent-charge.

Cri.lOO. Glebe Loan Qrelandi) Act (1870) AmdL S4 & 55 tie?.

lands, hCteditamenfe, or premises charged therewith, Uud suA order may be in the form set forth in the schedule to ihto Act, or to a similar effect. '

8. In all cases where the board shall have made any sue!

order they shall execute under their common seal a duplicate thereof, abd forthwith cause the said duplicate order to be lodged with the registrar of deeds in the office for registry of deeds: in the city of Dublin, and the registrar of the' said registry office, his and their assistants, deputies, and other officers, shall register the same in the same manner as any deeds or instruments are registered in said office, and shall enter a memorial thereof in toe abstract books and inde&es of or relating to memorials registered and kept in the said office, and shall return such registry in any search made hi miCh registry office i Provided always, that no fees shall be payable in respect of such registration. 1

9. From the date of such order, the lands, hereditaments,

and premises therein mentioned shall become charged with ffcfc rentcharge to be payable in respect of any loan under the principal Act or this Act, and every such order shall be con* elusive evidence of all facts stated therein in pursuance of t6b provisions of this Act. ' f i

10. The rentchferge lre£erved to Her Majesty under the principal Act oi* this Act shaill be paid to the board, and the receipt of the accountant of the board for the time being shaS be a sufficient discharge for the same.

1L The ecclesiastical pqr&m for, time being occupying or entitled, to occupy the Tanas, buildings, or premises in respect of which any loan shall have been made under the principal Act or this Act shall be deemed personally liable to pay and discharge' the annual rUntchaige and arrears thereof, premiums of insurance, and other mbnejys on accdtmt bf kuch loan accruing due during the term or interest of such person.

All the powers and provisions contained; in the Acts mentioned in the .schedule to the principal Act, and relating to the recovery of reotcharges under the provisions of the said Acts, shall apply to the recovery of reuiebarges under the provisions of the principal Act and of this Act.

13, An ainy proceeding* which shall be taken for recovery of atiy rentcharge aforesaid or premium of insurance, a certift-chtC Under 'the &CU1 of the board certifying that a loan h# been made under the principal Act or this Act, and the amount thereof, and the annuaJSa&fmjfirof ifebtoharge payable in respect thereof. Ja?yis, hereditaments, ami premia chaigyd

therewith, and the annual amount of fire insurance premiums or other moneys payable in respect of the premises the subject oi such loan, and the amount due in respect of such rentch&me, premiums, and nioneyh respectively, shall bu conclusive CVid&le in alTjudicial proCeeSdingU of the matters therein certifiedi

18: Any ecclesiastical person entitled to oocupyany lahde, buildings, or premises is respect of which any loan may have

1871. QbfaeJ*ow, {Ivdc^ Ca.lj$0, 10i. 509

been made subject to any such rentcharge as aforesaid shall be at: liberty, at any time before the expiration of the period for which such rentcharge shall be payable, to redeem the same, on payment to the board of the arrears, if any, thereof , ai*d of such sum as shall be equal to the value of such rentcharge, to be ascertained by the said board, and upon the expiration, or redemption of such rentcharge, and on payment, of all premiums or other moneys payable in connexion therewith, and of all costs, charges, and expenses (if any) incurred in any proceedings to recover the samft the board shall execute under their seal and deliver to such ecclesiastical person a certificate stating that all moneys chargeable upon such land& buildings, and premises have beepi paid, and the board shall also execute a duplicate certificate to the like effect, and the, board shall cause such duplicate certificate to. be, registered in the like manner as the order herein-before mentioned in the office for the registry of deeds in the city of Dublin, and for which registration no fee shall be payable, and upon the execution and delivery of such certificate the lands, buildings, and premises so mentioned therein shall be released from all liability in respect of such loan.

14. The tenth section of the principal Act is hereby repealed, Sect 10. of *pd in lieu thereof it is hereby enacted, that no loan, under the .provisions of the principal Act or this Act shall be/made after r pe the thirty-first day of August which will b in thu year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

SCHEDULE "The Glebe Loan (Ieelanb) Acts, 1870 and 1871" v Cha^giiag Order.

Whereas under the provisions of the above-mentioned Acts the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have made a loan of the sum of £ upon the application of in

the county of for the purpose of:

Now we the said Commissioners do hereby order and declare that the lands, hereditaments, and premises to be charged with the said loan are as follow; that is to say, situate in the

parish of barony of in the county or

county of the city of, f;

v la witness whereof we the said Commissioners of Pwfclie s in Ireland have hereunto and to a duplicate hereof affixed, our, common seal, this day of in the year of our Lord

187 .

CHAP. 101.

' An Act to amend the Law respecting the proving and sale of Chain Cables and Anchors.

[21st August 1871.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem- ,

-Wed, and by the authority of the same, as follows: >

U u 3 "-":i

Act to be construed with 27 & 28 Vict. c. 27.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Limitation of corporations entitled to test cables and anchors.

Advances by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Mode of testing chain cables.

Ch. 10$. Cham Cables and Anchors. 34 & 35 Vier

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Aefc of the session of the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth yeans of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-seven^ intituled An Act for regulating the proving and Bale of Chain Cables " and Anchors n (in this Act referred to as the principal Act); and that Act and this Act may be cited as the Chain Cable and Anchor Acts, 1864 and 1871, and each of them may be cited as the Chain Cable and Anchor Act of the year in which it was passed.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, which day is herein-after referred to as the commencement of this Act

3. After the commencement of this Act the Board of Trade shall not grant originally or by way of renewal to any corporation, public body, company, person or persons, except the corporations and public bodies mentioned in the first schedule to this Act, or authorised in that behalf as herein-after mentioned, any license under the principal Act for the testing ef chain cables and anchors.

It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council* from time to time to direct that licenses may be granted to any public body or corporation other than those mentioned in the said first schedule, and also that licenses may be granted to the public bodies and corporations named in the said schedule in respect of machines other than those specified therein, and also to revoke or alter any order previously made; and so long as any such order remains in force licenses may be granted accordingly.

4. The establishment, purchase, or construction of a testing machine by any of the corporations, bodies, or persons authorised to receive a license under this Act shall be a shipping purpose for which the Public Works Loan Commissioners may advance money under the authority and subject to the regulations of the Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861.

5. Where any chain cable is brought to a tester for the purpose of being proved, he shall test every fifteen fathoms of it in the manner following; that is to say,

(1.) He shall select and cut out a piece of three links from every such fifteen fathoms, and shall test that piece by subjecting it to the appropriate breaking strain mentioned in the second schedule to this Act:

(2.) If the piece so selected fail to withstand such breaking strain he shall select and cut out another piece of three links from the same fifteen fathoms, and shall test such piece in like manner:

(3.) If the first or second of such pieces of any fifteen fathoms of cable withstand the breaking strain, he shall then but not otherwise test the remaining portion of that fifteen fttthoms of cable by subjecting the same to the tensile strain mentioned in the principal Act:

' Chain Cables cmd A uchora, Ch. 101. oil

(4.) He shall sot stamp a chain cable as proved which, has. not been subjected to the breaking and tensile strains in accordance with the provisions of this section, or has not withstood the same.

& It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time Alteration of by Order in Council to alter the tensile strain or the breaking strain to which, under the principal Act and this Act, strafe.' chain cables and anchors are to be subjected by the tester, and to revoke or alter any such Order previously made.

Before any such alteration is m*de the Board of Trade shall give six months notice thereof by advertisement in the Gazette, or in such other way as they may think best for making the same known to the parties interested.

7. After the commencement of this Act a maker of or dealer Sale of uu-in chain cables or anchors shall not sell, consign, or contract P^d^in to sell or consign, nor shall any person purchase or contract anchors proto purchase any chain cable whatever, or any anchor exceed- hibited. mg in weight one hundred and sixty-eight pounds, which has

not been previously tested and duly stamped in accordance with the provisions of the principal Act and this Act, unless the same is sold, contracted for, consigned, and purchased as and for old iron.

Every person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction before two justices of the peace, or in Scotland before any sheriff or sheriff substitute, to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

Provided that chain cables and anchors tested and stamped before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two may, if accompanied by a certificate issued under section ten of the principal Act, continue to be sold until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, although they may not have been subjected to the breaking strain required by this Act.

8. Each of the public bodies and corporations mentioned

in the first schedule to this Act, before constructing or esta- Hce^d testing blishing any new testing machine at any place where a machines, testing machine is in operation under a license from the Board of Trade shall, if required by the owners of such last-mentioned. testing machine, purchase the same from them, and if any difference arises as to the price it shall be determined by a valuer to be appointed by the Board of Trade.

9. After the; commencement of this Act, the principal Act Repeal of shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column

of the third schedule to this Act: Provided that this repeal c< 27.- lct* shall not affect anything done or suffered before the commencement of this Act, or any offence or liability incurred before the commencement of this Act, or any investigation or legal proceeding in respect of any such thing, offence, or liability.

10. If any person uses or suffers to be used as a duly Penalty for licensed testing machine any lasting machine for which no nn-

. *. a 1 licensed test —

license is for thp time being in force, or if any person writes ing machines.

m

[Continuance of Act.]

out, signs, or delivers or sends to wy person any document

has been tested qr stamped under the provisions of this Act, \vhen such_ chain cable or anchor has jQot been so tested or stamped, every such person shall incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds. '

1L The principal Act as amended by this Act shall be perpetual.' " [-= >:

' FIR&T SCHEDULE.

Corporations and Public Bodies to whom Licenses to test ChAIn T3AbLEs and ANCHORS may 1>e granted.

The Committee of Lloyd's Register of British and Foreign Shipping for machines at LoLctoH Bnarol* fti^ton, Netherton, Saltney, Monkwearmouth, SunderlanA and Low Walker, or elsewhere.

The Committee of the Liverpool Underwriters Association for machines at LiverpboL 4 —; ii x

The Mersey Do<?kg and Harbour Board for machines at Liverpool and Birkenhead, or at any other place on the Mersey.

The Tyne Improvement Commissioners for machines at Low Walker, or any other pikce on the Tyne.

The River Wear Commissioners for machines at Sunderland ttd Moakwearmouth. J

The Clyde .Navigation Trust for machines at Glasgow/ or at anjr other place on the Clyde within the jurisdiction of the Trust; the Municipal Corporation of Glasgow for machines at Glasgow.

The Mayor, Alderpien, and Burgesses of Bristol for maofrin^ at Bristol.

The Undertakers under the Bute Docks Act, 1865, and the Bute Docks Act, 1866, for machines at Cardiff.

The Trustees of the Port and Harbour of Greenock for machines at Greenock. '

: The Mayor; Aldermen, and Burgesses of KifagstonrUpon-Hull for machines at HuB- i i J The Tees Conservancy Commissioners for machines at Stockton and Middlesbrough, or elsewhere upon the Tees. r - The Trustees of Syansea Harbour for machines at Swansea.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Thel appropriate breaking strain for chain cables shall be as Follows:

Where __________

strain ' tb ? which the cable is to be subjected is- —

it aistib-ject^dtb a breaking strain of —

157*5

. -wMlif' 'v

* 11- ", fni

Wu* 1 *) A . 00-5

i :-'!c>yi^i^i ft't

; *lK'- 5G*-5 f;

i nib(Jo$Q£>LL y.

51

Where the tensile strain to Winch1 the cable is to be subjected is — Tons. '

' 1

It shall be mb Seated toa break* mgstrain, of--

Toiis.

42 *5>5 27 r 20-5 t 15

12-75 . lti-5 8*25 11 6-75

orn 6-25, 1

' > rj n\

M l

Vu\

UV) '

(!i

lJ'U ry Ot

1871.

Chain CabletafyA Anchora. Ch. 101^102.

518

m^fOUOO.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

- Session and Chapter. *50 bsrffcOd ' Title of Act. Extent of Eepeal.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 27. e v livfiXjB do A (I An Act for regulating the proving and sale of Chain Cables and Anchors. Sections one and two, so far as they relate to any corporation or public body not mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act; and sections eleven and fifteen.

OHA& 102.

An Act to amend the l*aw; s' of Qfrarifable donations and Bequests in Ireland.1 [21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further tp amend the Jaws 7 Xr relating to charitable donations and bequests in Jrelaqd:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* iff Bad with the advice and consent of the Lords /Spirtteal and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Fartiament assent bled; and by the authority of the same, as follow's: v

1; Thie Act maybe cited as )MThe Charitable Donattofas and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1871."

' 2." The Act passed in the session of Parliament held in .thp? /seventh and eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act foj; the effectual a^plication. of Gbarttabl#^Donations^mdBequ^t^iq Ineland, 1&44, '' which may be cited as "The Charitable Donations and Bequeste Act (Iceland), 1844," and the Act passed in the thirtieth1 and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled M Anf Act to amend the laws of Charitable Donations " and Bequests in Ireland, 1867," which may be cited as " The Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867," and this Act, shajll'bfr ooastafued as one Act, and any of the provisions of the said former Acta inconsistent r with this Act are hereby repealed: Provided that the express dr implied l^peal of jtny provision by this Act shall not affppt anything already done or suffered, or any right acquired or order .made under such provision .: 1

3. The expression u the Commissioners " in this Act shall

mean the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland." "; i

4. The fourth section of the Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland)} 1844, is hereby repealed, and all things whidl |he said Commissioners are by this Adt or any of the Acts to be construed with this Act authorised to dp may be dope by any three of such Commissioners: Provided always, that Sjuch three Commissioners are for such purpose, assem* bled at a meeting whereof due notice*shall lave been given to all the Commissioners. i

[Short title.]

7 & 8 Vict. c. 97.,

30 & 31 Vict. c. 54., and this Act, to be construed together.

Meaning of " Commissioners."

Three Commissioners may act.

Opinion under 30 & 31 Vict. c. 54. s. 2. to be authenticated by the seal of the Commissioners and signature of secretary.

Power of Commissioners in case of donations and bequests not exceeding 300/. principal, or 30/. annually.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 54. s. 8. extended to all cases irrespective of the value of the property.

Ch. 1G2. Charitable Donations and Bequests (I.) 34 & 35 Vrcri

5. Any opinion or advice which may be given by the Commissioners under and by virtue of the second section of the Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867, shall be authenticated by the seal of the Commissioners, and the signature of the secretaries, or of one of them, and such opinion or advice so authenticated shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if it were signed by the Commissioners. \; J

6. The seventh section of the Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867, is hereby repealed; and when--ever there shall be any charitable donation or bequest not exceeding in amount the sum of three hundred pounds, or in any case in which there shall be payable for any charitable or pious purposes any annual sum not exceeding thirty pounds, and it shall be found unlawful or impracticable 16 apply the same according to the direction or intention of the donor or donors, it shall be lawful for the CommiSsidiifc^ to apply or to order and direct the application of the sariiff by the trustee or trustees in whom the same may be vested, 51 or the person or persons whose duty it shall be to pay the same, to such charitable or pious purposes as they shall judge to be best, having regard to the directions and intentions of the donor or donors: Provided always, that the Commissioners may forbear to act under this section if they shall think fit: And provided also, that no order foaming any scheme for the application of such donations and bequests te any such charitable and pious uses shall be made by the Commissioners before the expiration of cine calendar month after public notice of the proposal to make such order shall have been given, in such manner as the Commissioners may consider most expedient and effectual for insuring publicity thereof, in the districts in which the charity, if of a local character, shall be applicable, or among the persons interested therein; and every notice hereby required shall contain (as for as conveniently may be) sufficient particulars of the objects of the proposed order and prescribe a reasonable time within which any objections thereto or suggestions therein shall be made or tran whit ted to the Commissioners; and the Commissioners shall receive and consider all such objections and suggestions, and may act in reference thereto as they shall think expedient: Provided that in case the Commissioners shall modify any such proposed orders, it shall not be necessary for them to give public notice of any such modified order in the manner prescribed by this section unless they shall think further notice desirable.

7. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to proceed by petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland under and by virtue of the eighth section of the Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867, in all cases in which it shall be found unlawful or impracticable to apply any charitable donations or bequests, according to the dfrectioa

«1S

1871. Charitable Doriatiom <md Bequest* (Irdcmet). CflulO&

or intention of the donor or donors, whatever the amount of such charitable donation and bequest or of the annual value of the income of the property of such charity may be, and whether such charitable donation and bequest shall or shall not have been recovered by, or shall or shall not in any manner be vested in, the Commissioners: Provided always, that no petition shall be presented under the said section until the expiration of one calendar month after public notice of the intention to present such petition shall have been given in such maimer as the Commissioners may consider? most expedient and effectual for insuring publicity thereof in the district in which the charity, if of a local character, shall be applicable, or among the persons interested therein; and every notice hereby required shall contain (as far as conveniently may be) sufficient particulars of the objects of the proposed scheme, and prescribe a reasonable time within which any objections thereto or suggestions thereon shall be made or transmitted to the Commissioners; and the Commissioners shall receive and consider all such objections and suggestions, and may act in reference thereto^ as they shall think expedient *

8. The sixth section of the Charitable Donations and Commissioners Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867, is hereby repealed; and when.

ever any principal sum not exceeding fifty pounds on foot of sanction may any charitable donation or bequest, or any sum not exceed- recover by ing twenty pounds on foot of any annual sum, interest. Or rentcharge, shall be payable to or for any charity or ehari- and bequests table or pious purpose, and shall remain unpaid for the exceeding space of thirty-one days next after the same shall have become ioTarrei^ payable, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners in their of annual own name, or for the trustee or trustees of the said charity, payment, with the sanction of the said Commissioners, to sue for and recover the same by civil bill from the person or persons for the time being liable thereto at law or in equity, or whose duty it shall be to pay the same, in the court of the chairman of the county in which the person to be sued under the provisions of this section shall have a residence within the provisions of the Civil Bill Act; and the chairman of such county shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine the same; and there shall be the same right of appeal as in the ease of any civil bill brought under the provisions of the Civil Bill Acts, and such proceedings shall not require the allowance or certificate of Her Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General for Ireland.

9. Whenever any sum exceeding twenty pounds and not Any sum not exceeding two hundred pounds shall be payable to or Ibr exceeding 200/.

r 9, , , \.m r . M r J, do© on foot of

any charitable purpose* either on loot of any annual sum, any charitable interest, or rentcharge, or for arrears thereof, or of any donation or charitable donation and bequest, and the same shall remain unpaid for the space of thirty days after the same shall by petition in have become payable, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Chancery.

516 G&40&' Gkw&afiUDonati&ns and iflftjtww&C/i J, Iw

' 'ltV, '' h .' d ifaAn&iypetltibnr.fanttiil8iiiePfty^ry-fl#; tb»T8MW

" l"'! to the CodrfejofObandei^ iiablt*l#a»d, ]»n, d SWSrtBiWhb

apfln. 8v»liJ«p«^onr(«<l(toiiStiel manner M tfefe cmlrt shall direot, .and, it shall be dawtful for the court to' be^ OTek |)etki»n m thp .»wal J»u«e«rK«wrdij j to the ttmvpe< of sumaqary; pethsionp^ artdijjopea lafgtUyjte or such other evidence as shall be produced upon such hearing, and r'; ' ' " "!f '' td hnfckesueb ifoder- vthsnii*; 1n»arf«raR<*:$f> the costs u 'ii'X'*!Of »ticb iappHotttion, jfriinigfetjlMt made ia ftuauit . regularly /UK .! instituted in./the iloourfc jt and.f«reryij^e^o»fi(dftrS>f*on such IZ'l ', ' 1 ahidluhaueiittosaatne(*Ml»tiikjf!.WWiu«ffiwt!»

l»-»fbw«i and be; subject*. t*> apiteftVria *ttfe /:., { , aaif the same had' .bpen/mad©m a.huiti regularly/i(iatUd^!^, ii§

Si..rt , t*.* theocnrri and each, petition ittooftUdWWfll

i ot> ctatiibaiet>f Ejer htajoaty'aiAttorney DE ^olieHor:..Gfj»(W4

toft inhtld)'! *>* ji In:*; h»j:8 r,; l: &i-ph s.iroiq to

Commissioners *>) IQ. it; sballbela triad foirtthe Gotmnisftiti&e^taiXta^Appiit

Mder tS«y e*^oh ihy>pelatibni; for the.<j)oii*ti :of jChansety ip.Jjrelaad wHk 52 Geo. 3. r«rpeeti to rtny. charity uqdef thelpwtvisiftn&jof. tlWid^hpawM c. lot. in jth8n$ftjy«teancL jyeafc>of Kingi; George; JihieJ%^ flSajhS

doe hundred andraie, ot underith.i [pft)yiaia8flii^ fajiduiklt ActBiauthonsing theappliasation' to theceurt by pofetiontM?^ ihgi-ta1 the pror ions e£ the f^udjAcfl* pndiSi^ irelief

' iu st'»i V/

-J >-<£. lo t.mj V\ h-.t.-j - iv^mpn ih..v-'--OloJ (t*V!J> ?

* flT ' it iwwi^roums -rn-- itp 'xuiLwrn nnr*<wv* W *

t, i, .; -.i ,; - shah be.anttoniiaateii ihy, /the><fcorpteate -eceliot)thftrC<PU9»ifr . m/i '- biohera. lBirtiIthatt nn^jreqnii*r/kheiadloimnoe.' (Wf cestitjpate.ff ' if, ffl«r>M^eaty'»iAitofrne3rifledeMlfotti5reten#if; o:) oih ot .vnbb

Property !«'Itivitl ahkUlhfe tafcfai JoBitojM peraOp as* wtarai

SSifc nbntgffiIorvanauitjtelndl'be.vtetedi 4fc; /teust ftr *gy, cfe^t4fe

charitable *r>.pioteq[ii»r|Krie, iiirith:ihfi.«jMeptdp,

p^or may> sikmacevtocon Teyvaatoffu, .andbransfer .ifestittr&.by fteeddfejy sew *e*u*«di alljor.nay fipwtriofe avfch > >r*«thh«9gei i pr, ftnnsi

Commissionera, fwhicli" ah charitahlh- inust has jhnen t ilfnpreiH^ft I to. fa Wdj be Tegte^ "> Ghetto for the purpose afecetqqh odadt<tbftr.fc*id >X^chiMge 30 & 31 Vict annuity shall be held by the CommiseMpspi »*K«i:lth§ am fWKi *r ' bmstt/andt pudpoees^and(wdbjddt >ta.tfee^Mne, po«^rs4n(^pro ' dnionS'fastitf the eamoiihad, ibeen.'alu^-iwH^eijredi;

UDder.and by fvirtne^f thei<provi»anh of dhe awtkw#

.!* ?: ' .jdie; C!lMrifa^; ^tniti»nS/and<iB«|uee

Commissionen j , : 13. Where any person id liable. oK -it t .ifij tbflj duty 9${mj wtute'^fficoitv!P68*1* pay «a!y aum .; of - iftonejii or, pq$:*e»t,

arises from annual. sum, or inieneet; to or jferia«y charitable 0F, i; pi

absence of purpoaCj and by reaaeh of thei deaths absepcen, or inshilityrof

torirce^ a truflbee.ioc trustees, or other rpstsW/eouapeteflh to giyejp tW receipts , effectual discharge, dr of/ there , being7e persopjW^mpetest, for payments diffioutiy Arises in making, pftjtmpftt of Bueh aim; ofa mw,

* 7 - ' /-V > . ' »r ->

court is now or snail De authorisea to give, or any oraeriWiW the court uinoi*; o»phdll-behdthdEisfiditfti»a^s^ resp4qting.fny shtuibjryionYttre qktiiuonf; of'/aby ^wo lor '/B^UT|»>ppU00S, ^r= petjtioirprodenledacSomhg.'.fe-. thei prdviriifWi%; of.iti#9b, ^t, of Aet3, .shall, b«equoliyri»Hd dnd effectual if upado of,

43kb nmwflwbfi /nCwwiuti i Jra-tiMr (T!«mmiflsiaBiAnb hiki faKlktttiiuii

Wfttf- rtatkclfti^aaBuai mna; osinteipst, lititoall be tew&d)ft» the Commissionere, if they shall think fitsOitodo, toaecept paynjettb bfsuch som of upniy^ rent*) renieharge, ! hacuual S1*W| OFitftere&t, (to beby them applied .according totbe frusta affecting the same,) and their reeeiptrshalliba ted efloolfual

dt^arge, both*t law'pmdi eqaityytq tbapemoa to pacing

' '*' !>' !.> I' - i-T vi 1 Jilli. II

; ' 13. *Where>any (stock, fiihd/ or* moneysishall tfenkrrofetafl to any WjtdSt 4b1 any eausexm mAttet vhateyer^ flunderr thei jnriai dh^bofanyeeart, fartho' beneiitof; any charily, of impressed any ebwit»Weto\iefc, 'a«driiaU<reisijdn.undp(llidd for. tool) fttltpbses.'it shall be kyWhltor the CoauaiaHioDea torinterveud fecf eipriiy by ^uoiton >to the court ihaving |j viniridkiioir ia snob etoSePOTmafetCr ItoibsUChfctoek, fund] or intoey a may be. tratot fertA to1 them, rtod* by< them applied p6rii jtbftndtamitablo or pious trusts affecting the same; and it shall betlaOdti fol the totfcri1 Slaving> Jurisdiction* ta>thd bdd:touto:rimiatjft)t to htsr such application ki a suibmajytfc&yytand: nspaa affidavits feftotifretheb evidence as {shall beprodvusd oa the ibeaisag Sftobh Application tomakasiuJhtordeEjtoto^ or

teaittdefCOfsOeb Stoobyffipd/ or moneys ao isiahding to *njt saah oWdltd^'AfoneSaijsl tO the Oommisaknibps^ari otherwise} and as %p< the 'coats of each oppHtotfoa^ ado to the; said jconH > shed

v *jv j >, n iijiuiMj lu.ih io a'lUo*>

m

for charitable, &c. purposes.

Commissioners may apply to any court in which any fond for charitable purposes remains unapplied, to have such fund transferred to them.

tu\V- V *iil , o oil) t

' in14i; !Wh($i*e' any testotori shall' brie bequeathed Jegnoies or where suit for demised .any ptoporty1 efes^. description: j fcy 'ahynohaniiable {ftaiptoe^And'a-toit tori the^ admbiiekraiiotii ofi rthe assets, > of tated by per-ttrtyinigoUt f&*trOfe(l»loftbe hall of enoh'te^atsf, Abril bnVe sonai r^>r«en-itot^ibyifii»'pe*«cuabi^estnirti^JO*.rip«ese^te ££rioners iay ttee ef euob teetbtor, it Shall be. lawful ibr-tto .GommasiottBds, apply for con-^hoOgh UOt> parties to stash suit; i to.*apply, Itoiilto^cmndoaf da?t of delay, to the courtin which tach suit iepeUding to) M^e* thfe JfI^F°U11 tolwlaoC'of &ooh suit giveni to tham, and<it aha.IL^ba lawfiiJfor {'*.* i

the^seid^cisvtft, '# it shati toxto/cpinibsiixtbtlutlHraJiae:beto efidueto£»Wp*^pler4ol*y»'pwwediagirith, 'the; Tiiqt)'itagi-«

0cend^iCt of the soat. to thex Commis^ooery^m.Mnpose oa the ptrty ^havhigtbe oendoetxoftbw shitxsaqh ttnnaaait may deem ^otBedi y for-x bringing the sort 4ei a opted, termiaataon, Jtted imrin/j to laoke btion ordere on she OppPaaiionj ae to eottsior otbeo -<>

ttelbehonsee*fit.'*'> L>j; .d .: -.u..:-, 11; .-

-&'15; ILB' 0aae of any charitable donation; or bequtst rwiteieof (5onupiu>enen 4heth ehalt be fewer -truabees than theuoriginal number can-%eftplated by the Will, deed, or: other instrument blesiing the charity to trimt; -Whether immediate, remote, o*' contingent, .it shall be complete the ltf#ftd '&r- the GonimiBriflhwrei. by >Mtbt to call: .upon, the 1

itotatning irUsrtteas (or such of them as shall .be resident ip '

Jlmland) to *he Vaeancieev and in Cose*of their-being; anwilling of unable to do ecoit shkil be la\t^el for the Qotq- -'tnisSfoners, after the expiration of ttro months fnora the date 'f', y..'J ef snoh dotfee, to apply by summary petoion to toe Court of *C%M«ery to Ireland to appolpti dtw tnmtees in addition to; i ' [JVo. 44. Price 2cL] X x

518 Ch. 12, 103.

the existing or acting trustees, to the intent that there may be the full number of trustees contemplated; and the court shall have full jurisdiction to appoint such trustees accordingly.

Copies of 16. Where any person shall be bound to publish any devise

papers con- 0l. bequest under and by virtue of the nineteenth section of

cation of* the Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867, charitable such person shall (save in case of exemption as herein-after 3 Victf* Prov^e an(l so far as the same shall extend), within four c. 54. sect. 19. months next after obtaining probate of the will containing to be lodged such devise or bequest or administration with such wifl Conrisrionere annexed, deliver at the office of the Commissioners, or forward ' to them by post, three papers (not being the Dublin Gazette) containing successive publications of the said devise or bequest, pursuant to the provisions of the said section; and every such person who shall neglect to deliver or forward such copies of Such papers as aforesaid shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, to be recovered by the Commissioners, who may sue for the same by civil bill in the court of proper jmi»-diction: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at their discretion, having regard to the small amount of any devise or bequest, or other special circumstances, to exempt such persons from such publication under the nineteenth section of the said Act, either wholly or to such extent and upon such terms as they shall think fit.

Service of 17. Service of any notice upon the Commissioners* shall be notices. good service if a copy of such notice be left with one of the secretaries at the office of said Commissioners in Dublin for the time being, or by letter through the post office, directed to the Commissioners at their office.

CHAP- 103.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the better regulation of the receipt, payment, and keeping of the account of moneys arising from the duties of customs, to repeal certain provisions of the Acts relating to the customs, and to substitute others in lieu thereof, to amend the laws relating to the customs, and to alter certain duties thereof, and to repeal so much of an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, chapter seventy-three, as directs or authorises the collection of the contribution of poundage thereby made leviable upon the salaries of officers of customs and others belonging to the department of the customs in England, and to amend the laws relating to the Inland Revenue:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1871. Customs and Inland Revenue. Ch. 103k 518

Part I.

Relating to the Customs.

1. All moneys, bills, notes, and drafts received by or for the All moneys. Commissioners of Customs for the time being in England on ^C account of tl^e revenue of customs in Great Britain, and all c^m^sioners other moneys arising by the duties of customs in Great Britain, of Customs to shall from time to time be paid into the hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be placed to England, an account to be raised in the books of the said company, intituled u The General Account of the Commissioners of u Customs and all moneys arising from the duties of customs in Ireland shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may from, time to The Treasury time establish such rules and regulations as they may think necessary for keeping the accounts of the Commissioners of keeping the Customs with the Governor and Company of the Bank of accounts of England, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank ^Btonw, ° of England in relation thereto, and also for payment and and for ap-9 appropriation of the moneys arising from the duties of customs, propriation and so brought to account for Her Majesty's service, and from ereot time to time alter or revoke such rules and regulations, and make others m Hen thereof; and the rules and regulations now in force shall remain and continue to be acted upon nntil the same shall be so altered or revoked, or others established by the said Commissionets of the Treasury in lieu thereof; and the said Commissioners of Customs, observing the rule* and regulations so prescribed, shall not be answerable for any money, bills, notes, or drafts which, shpli have been so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of Responsibility the Bank of England shall be answerable for ttli the moneys, &c"oncy8' Mis, notes, and drafts which shall be actually received by them on account of the said Commissioners of Customs.

8. The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or Bank to keep some person duly authorised in that behalf, shall daily, upon " receiving any money, bills, notes, or drafts from or on account the customs, of the said Commissioners of Customs, make an entry of the for inspection money, bills, notes, and drafts so received in a book to be cJunta^amd provided by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Comptroller England, which book shall be forthwith redelivered to the General persons making the payments for the customs, for which moneys, bills, notes, and drafts the entry in the book herein* after mentioned shall be a sufficient discharge; and such book shall be inspected daily after its return by the Accountant and Comptroller General of the Customs, or his clerk, (such clerk being first duly authorised by him, and for whose conduct he shall be answerable,) who shall satisfy himself that all moneys, bills, notes, and drafts received by or on account of the said

Xx 2

m

Any default to be reported to Commiteianen of Custoritt. '

Bagteoi England not to; diopweipf. mon8SH&* excep^for a specified, , pruposof,

In London, debentures, &c.*ot>e paid out of Commissioner* account.

At any other port, out of moneys in collector's hand#, 7

. vi i

Time for return of duties overpaid extended to six years.

Commissioners of Customs may close accounts of collectors.

66/10$.

Customs and Inland Revenue. 34 & 35 Vipr}

Comntfssibner# are du^rpaidi into the Bank^ tader the p«B visions of this Act; and Any default which such Aoeoimtaui and Comptroller General, orhip c$erkrmay discover ip. that behalf, ikh*U be immecbaiely reported by him to the said Commissioners of Customs.

4. This Governor and Company of the Bank b£ England shall not pay, or transfer, apply, or dispose any part} of the money; notes, bills of etrehange, or drafts whioUmaybO paid in and placed to the account of the said Goapmssionern of Customs, from shch accotmt, except in amwdanoe) with the rules and regulations for the time being of the G<ftttft&akm*is Of the Treasury, unless any such hotes* bills of kxchangeyor drafts shall be required by the Solicitor of Customs for 'the purpose of taking out an extent for the security of the money lor which the same1 shalld have been given, in> winch ease such notes, bills of exchange, or drafts, ' or «ny< iof them} Shall be defivertd to such solicitor or Iris clerk^ ttn the order of the Commissioners Of Customs1 for that purpose, kind such dOKvery shall be entered in the book herein diretted to be provided., i

5* Every sum of money which shall be etle' ih ^th&'port London upon any debenture, certificate, ' or other instrument, for the payment of any money out of thO duties; of ctistoma, shall be paid out of any moriey sq paid into 4^e Barik of England on account of the skid Commissioners of CuStomS, in. accordance with the rules and regulations fo? ttye tiipe being in respect thereof, and every sqch payment shalfbe alloWea by the Comptroller and Auditor* General of EubKc Accptmbs in the settling or auditing of the ^counts of thekaid Commissioners of Customs; and When any such payment shall become due at any otheV poft in the^tJhife(0yngdqm, thfe same may be paid by the collector at siichport tint of any of the moneys in Kis bands arising from the duties of the cusWtas, under the directions of the said CkUBmiasioners' of Custmnat; and the Commissioners of Customs 'Are berebyauthorisechat any time Within six years after the overpayment afany duties of-customs, on ita being proVfcdto their satisfaction tbab the hame were overpaid in errdr, tO return such *duties-; but rin such return shall be madje nor any cferim allowed unless made und Ostyblii&ed Within sukh period of six years .; . .i ';

6. The Commissioners of v Customs . shall and mayfinaljV settle and clpse the accounts of any collectors Or receiverk'OT any part of the revenue of the customs or other duties under their, mwageroent, notwithstanding an erroneous appropriation of any dut*0S of customs received fey such collectors or receiver^; and the spd Commissioners are hereby empowered ix) corre^ suph appropriate on, in prder to prevent thO accounts of id , suqh collectors qr receivers froin being kept open; ahdall'ktn corrections shall fee allowed by, the Comptroller and Auditor

l&rtf

Customs and Inland Revenue.

QB.il.aS4

fi21

General of Public Accounts in passing the general accounts of customs: -

* "7. All customs duties and other public ihaneys payable to

the Exchequer account at the Bank of England shall 'be received to the credit of such account by the governor and Eiotequer company of the Said Bank under such regulations and directionsas the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall und.to'be^ from time to time prescribe; and the specifications or state, recei'vedunder ments of particulars required by an Act passed in the fourth.

year of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, xreamry ctaii intiboled " An Act bo regulate, the office of the receipt of His prescribe; - '1 -1 Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster," to be delivered to the Cashier or other officer of the Back tof England by the person paying in any snob money, shall be-required only in such cases and shall be signed and issued by auch person as the, said Ooninriseionere shall from tune bp time direct; and the acquittances fiw all payments made to the account of the Exchequer at the Bank of England shall be made out in such form and wider huefa regulations as shall be prescribed by the said Commissioners; and such acquittances shall have in all, respects the same, forpfi and validity in law as the acquittances heretofore, given by the Comptroller of the Exchequer by virtue of; the nipth section of the said recited Act of the fourth year of 5 tyv.4. jthe r^ign of King William the Fourth, chapter fifteen; and the c-15' -

gevetal orders, rules, and regulations which may he issued ' -1 -, ! under the authority of this Act by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, as relating to such specifications and acquittances as aforesaid, shall be laid before both Houses of ^Parliament. within six weeks after the issue of such orders, rules, and Regulations, if Parliament shall be sitting, or if not ^ittipg, then, within fiix weeks ne^t immediately after the reassembling of Parliament,

-'ii8^ If any person: or! pemons shall; knowingly and wilfully Forgery de-forge' or counterfeit, or cause or jproewoe to he forged or counter- clared felony, feited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the name or handwriting , of any Commissioner . ef-Customs, or of any Accountant and Comptroller General of the Customs, or of any person acting for them respectively, to J ' any draft, instrument, or writing -whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining. any of the money in the hands OR. custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

gland, on account of the said Commissioners of Customs, or . ' j, shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any draft, instrument or writing in form of .a draft, made by such Accountant and Comptroller general pr person as, aforesaid, or shall utter or publish the ifome knowing it to. be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whomsoever, every such person or

Deposits for* merly payable to Receiver General to be paid to general account of Commissioners of Customs.

Money heretofore payable to Receiver General to be paid to the Commissioners of Customs.

Entry of goods inwards and outwards.

Oh* 108. Customs and Inland Revenue. 34 & 35 Vict *

persons so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be deoIaxed> and adjudged to be guilty of felony.

9. In any case where, , under section thirty of "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," any such deposit as therein mentioned is made payable by the collector to the Receiver General of Customs, to be by him carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, such deposit shall from and after the passing of this Act be paid to the said " General Account of the Commissioners of Customs/' to be carried by their authority to the said Consolidated Fund.

10. In any case not herein-before referred to, in which bnt for this Act any money might, under "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," have been payable to the Receiver General of Customs, the same shall be paid to the Commissioners of Customs for the time being, or to such person as they or any two or more of them shall appoint to receive the same, to be carried by them, or the person so appointed as aforesaid, to the said " General Account of the Commissioners of Customs," and be dealt with and held by them in the same manner, upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes as they would have been dealt with or held by the Receiver General of Customs under the said " Customs Consolidation Act, 1853/ '

11. The importer or exporter of any goods shall describe the same in the entry thereof for importation or exportation, as the case may be, according to the denominations, weights, measure, number, quantity, or value thereof as set forth in or required by any Act relating to the customs, or in such other manner as the Lords of the Treasury or the Commissioners of Customs may at any time or from time to time direct; and the exporter of any goods in respect of which no bond is required shall, within six days after the final clearance outwards from the port of exportation of the ship on board which such goods shall have been shipped, deliver, by himself or his agent, to the proper officer of customs at such port, a specification in lieu of the shipping bill and customs bill of lading heretofore used in respect of goods for which no bond is required on the exportation thereof in the form following, and containing the particulars indicated thereby, in accordance with the official lists of British and Irish produce and manufactures exported, and of foreign goods imported, issued from time to time by the Commissioners of Customs, under the authority or with the sanction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, showing the value of all goods and the total value of British and foreign goods separately.

1871. Customs and Inland Revenue. Qh» 103.

Sfechtcation for British and Irish Goods otr Foreign Free and Dufy-paid Goods.

Port of _______ ' In the Ship_____ '

__________Master, for__________ ,

Marks. Numbers. No. and Description of Packages. Quantity and Description of Good* 'Value.

British. Foreign.

Total -

I declare that the particulars set forth above are correctly stated. Date__________] 8_____.

Exporter or Agent__________

Address__________

And such importer or exporter of any goods shall make and subscribe a declaration at the foot of the entry outwards or inwards of such goods, that the particulars therein set forth are correctly stated; and it shall be lawful for the proper officer of customs to call for the invoice, bills of lading, bills of parcels, and such other documents as relate to the goods as he may think necessary to test the accuracy of such entry; and every person in whose hands the same may be shall produce the same when so required; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in any case, if they shall see fit, to extend the time within which the specification herein-before required shall or may be delivered to the proper officer of customs, or, upon their being satisfied that the public interests render it expedient, to require, so long as they may deem necessary, the entry and clearance outwards of any goods before shipment thereof, and in such manner as they may direct; and if upon any entry of goods imported or to be exported such goods are found not to correspond with the particulars contained in the entry thereof, the same may be detained until the discrepancy shall have been explained to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs, who may thereupon restore the same, on such terms as they may deem proper; and for the purposes of this Act the person whose name appears on the bill of lading as consignor of goods for exportation shall be deemed to be the exporter thereof; and if any person herein-before required to do any

524

I J 01

Maate^or owner to de- livcfr manifest of ^bbd^7* sttippigd. 'J u '

) t,

Goods not exported as per specifics-

nptifledto ppgpw qffiper.

General fcoqd for exportation may be given.

Customs and Inland Revenue. 34 & 35 ^fer.

diet shall fdll to comply with Sifch; requirements* or any of them, so far as they respectively relate to him, he Shall forfeit and pay the sUm of five pounds; dr, if the declaration herein-before required to be made shall be false in any parti* Ctilar, the pefsoin inaking the same shall forfeit and pkythe like pdndlty. 1, ' / if' >J J" '; i;

12. Tfhe master pr bwnerbf eveiyship in which ahygoodi shall be eiportpd shall by himself or his agent within Six dayS afUr thie fipal Clearance of such ship dClivdr tb the prdpdr officdr of customs a1' manifest of; all the gdodd sd shipped, containing the markb and numbers and the nUmber and description of the1 packages," with the naraeS of the consignors thereof according to the hills of lading yelattn^ theldtb, knd Shall make and subscribe a declaration at thC'loot thereof that such manifest contains a true account of all the goods exported in such ship, or a manifest of su<jh of the goods as are required to bp exported under bond, and specifications' duly Verified as herein-before required of all such goods as may be exported without bond, with a declaration that such manifest and specification contain a true account of alT the Cargo of Such shipi iti deficit Whereof such 'master and owner shall inch? a penalty of five pounds, recoverable from both or either of them at the option of the Commissioners of Customs.

Provided always, that if a manifest or a specification be delivered comprising all the particulars required to be given, according to the nature of the goods, by manifest or specification, as herein-before inquired, With a declaration that the same contains a true account of the whole cargo of the Ship, thC sadfe Shall be accepted in lieu of manifest or Specification, or1 both, 1 as the cise may be. J 1 '

13. Any Exporter of gObdS wWo, having delivered a SpCCifi-bation therCOf ^for exportation in any ship, in the event of the

. goods or any part thereof comprised therein not beifig dUly Shipped, shall fail, within 'six days after the final clearance onwards of the ship in Which such gobds were in such splecS-fication entered for exportation/to attend the proper officer of customs, either by himself of his1 kgeUt, knd correct 'and make perfect such specification, by striking outj of the same such of the goods (entered therein as shall not havC beem exported, shafi forfeit and pay the kuin of five pounds

14. Any person' desirous of exporting any warehoused

good s liable to any fluty of Customs or Excise, British WrOUgKt plate, orgoods entitled tb any customs drawback' on exportation, may, at Wp'(totiom^ such regulations as

the Commissioners of Customs hiay direct, give a general bond. With Such Security and id such ambunt as the Skid Commissioners may require, for the due exportation and landing df such goods at the place' for which they are entered1 otftWards, or for otherwise abcoutiting for the same to the satfsftbtfbii of the said Commissioners, in lieu of the separate bond for

Customs and Inland Revenue. Ch., 1(|3.

m

such exportation, required, fey the, one, hundred and, twentieth

option of "The Customs ponsolidation Act, 1853Provided Notice >"< *

that, before any such goods, are exported the exporter or his ^n!°

agent shall deliver to the proper, officer a notice, in. such

fprfa aa the, said Commissioners shall prescribe, containing ap

account of the particular goods to be exported by him in any

particular ship .under such general bond; Provided afoo,; t£at stampM

up such notice shall be received, and pcted .uron unless there '

feeiattached thereto, an adhesive stamp equfl in amount or

yalpe to the duty which would be pavabfo under any Act «eparate,

elating to stamp duties upon a separate bond, in case the same were given for the exportation of the goods contained

insuefe.notice.,

v. 15^ i Notwithstanding any thing contained in the one hunr dred and eighteenth section of "The Customs Consolidation {^nation.CX" Ant, 18p3^' to the contrary, on the arrival at any port in the .United Kingdom of any ship about to deliver her cargo ait more than one port in the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful po allow the entry outwards; of such, ship, and to permit the shipment, of goods, other than spirits or tobacco, for exportation in, isuch ship to the foreign destination for, which such

ship, shad , be .entered UutayardSj bMof ' whole of the goods imported in such ship.shad have been discharged, therefrom:,

Subject nevertheless to such regulations aa the, Commis-.tiopera, of Customs may deqjn pepessapy, and on the collector being satisfied in each; case, that, the complete, separation ef Such goods from, the inward Cargo is. effected, and that ell necessary measures have been, taken frnf the: duo protection of .jherevenue, .\, ' . ..... ".,; j

16. There shall be charged of. malt imported, from foreign Customs doty ports, or brought from the Channel Islands or the Isle of Han,

Jffiteitndjn or Ireland* theiduty f»f twpniy-fouvshih ings

per, quarter, in lieu of tfee. duty, offoustopmi10' chargeable .thsrepn., .V, *.

17. Uppn the impprtation into Cjresh Britafoi and, Ireland df Couttte4aB?sfc any.article in thq, manufactspe of yfoch ppirit.shall; pe ifoed,

}theterehallr he charged, 'jujljfofo, K.'fcgpept, of the fectures.

[Spirit SO-used, a duty equiyafont to tpfjt wfeiph is changeahfo .upon the like, quantity of ejpiii^t pp dfo.wpPStetfoniuto Crept , Brita4uandIreland.

18. The. several, pertspf Acfoeet forth, .ip ^p scfoedwc fo,

ftfos ^t annexed are^ereby xepeded fo the extent>o pfeicli

pwcb.wfo of '^ctsareby/suffo.echpdhfof^ repealed," , 111100X9

lexeept ps to anythfog donp.before , tfep p^foencefofint this; . a.i nm Act, and, except so for nany foCfnepessaiy for the purpose of supporting or continuing any proceeding heretofore taken nr .to.be taken after the commencement of this Act: for or; in respect, of any offence which shall haye. been committed before the commencement of this Act; , and.all things, done under the authority for ip pursuanpe; of, any(of the, parifs of, ^pfo hereby

lot l-iT .J o.'j.i.

/ di iu >7-^'.u»i'.tiji*.U'/)*.»*!/

m

Sections of this Act set forth in table incorporated in " The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853."

Commencement of Act as to customs.

Repeal of

23 & 24 Vict. c. 114. s. 74.

Distiller may remove yeast from wash, or may leave it in fermenting back.

Ch. 103. Customs and Inland Revenue. 34 & 35 Vict.

repealed previously to the repeal thereof shall nevertheless be valid and effectual

19. Each of the several sections of this Act set forth in column No. 1 of the Table to this Act shall be deemed and taken to be incorporated in and form part of "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853" in the order and place assigned to each such section in and by column No. 2 of the said table, and the said several sections of this Act shall be read and construed with the said " Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," and the provisions of the latter Act shall be deemed to relate to and be applicable to the said several sections of this Act, in the same manner and to the same extent as if the said several sections of this Act had been originally enacted therein, in the order and place so assigned to each such section in and by the said table.

20. This Act, so far as relates to the receipt, payment, and account of the duties of customs, shall be deemed to have come into operation on and from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and Seventy-one, at which time it became expedient to adopt the provisions herein-before contained relating to such receipt, payment, and account, and which, together with whatsoever has been done in conformity therewith, are hereby ratified and confirmed; and this Act, so far as relates to the abolition of poundage as aforesaid, shall come into operation on the first of the usual quarter days as shall happen after the passing thereof; and the remainder of this Act on the day of the passing thereof. The provisions of the Act of the fifty-fifth year of George the Third, chapter seventy-three, except so far as the same is hereby repealed, shall apply to and be available by and for the benefit of the officers, clerks, and other persons in the department of the Customs in Scotland and Ireland, and their relatives, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been originally mentioned therein, and the Act had been made applicable to the United Kingdom instead of England only.

Part IL Relating to the Inland Revenue.

21. From and after the passing of this Act, section seventy-four of the Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and fourteen, is hereby repealed.

22. A distiller may remove yeast from the wort or wash in any fermenting back in his distillery, or remove the wort or wash from any fermenting back to an empty fermenting back in his distillery and leave the yeast and sediment in the back from which the wort or wash is so removed, subject to the following regulations and conditions; that is to say,

(1.) The quantity of yeast removed from any one back or the quantity of yeast and sediment left in any one

1871. Customs and Inland Revenue. Ch. 103. 537

back shall not exceed the proportion of eight per centum of the quantity of wort or wash contained in such back y and where yeast shall be ren^oved from and yeast and, sediment be left, in the same 1

back, such yeast, together with such yeast and sediment* shall not exceed the said proportion:

(2.) No wort or wash shall be removed until after the gravity and quantity thereof have been declared in manner directed by the sixty-ninth section of the said Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and fourteen, and an account thereof taken by an officer of excise, and until after the expiration of four hours from the time of the delivery by the distiller of a written notice of his intention to remove such wort or wash to the proper officer of excise, in which notice shall be specified the particular ferment* mg back from which and to which the wort or wash \

is intended to be removed:

(3.) In calculating the amount of duty to be charged upon the distiller according to the directions contained in the eighty-sixth section of the said Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and fourteen, no abatement shall be made on account of any yeast removed from any wort or wash, or on account of any yeast and sediment left in any fermenting back under the provisions of this section.

23. A distiller may manufacture in his distillery into a solid Distiller may substance any yeast removed from wort or wash, or any yeast 8011(1 and sediment left in a fermenting back, under the provisions of tee last preceding section; and he may send out of his distillery, or add to the wort or wash in any fermenting bade therein, any such yeast and sediment, whether manufactured as aforesaid or not.

24. It shall not be necessary for licenses to be taken out Exemption

for horses under the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third horses iwed years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter fourteen, in the in the militia, following cases; viz. — yeomany; and

By any officer commanding a regiment or battalion of eer militia, yeomanry cavalry, or volunteers, for any number of horses, not exceeding two, kept by such officer for service in such regiment or battalion:

By any officer (being a field officer, surgeon, or adjutant) j, of militia, or of artillery, engineer, or rifle volunteers, or.

any officer being musketry instructor of engineer or rifle ' '

volunteers, or any officer of yeomanry cavalry, light horse, mounted rifle volunteers, or field batteries of artillery volunteers, for one horse kept by such officer for service in the corps to which he belongs:

Repeal of provision (11) of sect. 19. of 32 & 83 Vict. c. 14.

An appraisement for information of an executor not liable to stamp duty.

Certain fees in the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland to be received by means of stamps.

Such stamps to be under the management of ue Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

<3h. 163. Customs and Inland Revenue. 34 & 35 Vi<&

Provided always, that the officer shall return the horses or horse kept by him as aforesaid in the declaration mentioned in section twenty-two of the said Act, and shall state therein his rank, the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, and the number of horses kfept by him in respect whereof a license is unnecessary, under the provisions of this section:

25. From and after the passing of this Act, provision numbered eleven of section'nineteen of the said Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter fourteen, is hereby repealed, except as to any repayments of duty in respect of licenses for horses used previous to the first day of January in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

; 26. An appraisement or valuation of property of a deceased person, made for the information of an executor or other person required to record in any commissary court in Scotland an inventory of the estate of such deceased person, shall not be liable to the ad valorem stamp duty on appraisements imposed by the Act thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria, chapter ninety-seven.

27. From and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one all and every the foes authorised and made payable under and by virtue of an order of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, bearing date the fourth day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and made in pursuance of the provisions of the Act of the fourth and fifth William the Fourth, chapter ninety-two, section eighty, or that may be made payable by any future orders issued under the powers, conferred by that Act, for and in respect of certain proceedings) matters, and things is relation to the taking of acknowledgments of deeds by married women, and enrolling and preserving the certificates of such acknowledgments, shall no longer be received in money, bat by a stamp denoting the amount of the fee which would otherwise be payable; and where any such fee shall be payable in respect to any document, such stamp shall, at the expense of the party liable to pay the fee, and in such manner and under such regulations as the said Court of Commas Pleas shall direct, be stamped on the vellum, parchment* or paper on which the proceeding in respect whereof such fee is payable is either printed or engrossed, or which may be otherwise used in reference: to such proceedings.

28. All stamps by the foregoing section directed to be substituted for fees shall be issued by and shall be under the care and management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and the several rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, clauses, and matters contained in any Act now or hereafter to be in force with reference to stamp duties shall be applicable thereto.

Customs and Inland Revenue. On* 10. 48

lL 28. Whereas ^>y an Act passed in a session *of Parliament Printer*and held in the sixtieth year of the reign of His late M^e^y King George the Third and the first year of the reign of andthSr His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled " 4»n o Act to subject certain publications to the duties of stamps " upon newspapers, and to make other regulations for re- executed " eti^iping the abuses arising from the publication of bias-lc phemoue and seditious libels," it was, amongst other things, ' c* .'.v CP^cted, that no person, from and after thirty days after the t ' .*: passing, of that Act, should print or publish for sale any ' ' f newspaper/ Qr any pamphlet or other paper of a certain description, until he or she should have entered into a certain recognizance or have executed a certain bond in manner in the said Act described, together with two or three sufficient sureties for certain sums, and conditioned as in the said Act -'w-w

mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in a session of Parliament held in the thirty-second and thirty-third years Y; /\lM;

of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to V; /-

n repeal certain enactments relating to newspapers, pamphlets,

" and Other publications, and to printers, typefounders, and " reading rooms," the Act above mentioned was repealed:

And'whereftd, before the passing of secondly above-mentioned '/j

Act, divers persons, together with sureties, had entered into r s recognizances and bonds in pursuance of and in compliance, u . with the aforesaid provision of the first-mentioned Act, which? f l; k l recognizances and bonds continued in force at the time of " passing the Act secondly above mentioned, aqd doubts have - .

been entertained whether they do wotetHl continue in force amd binding upon the printers* find puttWhets of newspapers, pamphlets, and other papers as aforesaid the publication of which began before the Act1 first -above mentioned was sweated, and upon their* sureties^ And whereas it is fit that such printers and publishers shonld W placed, as from the time of the repeal of the Act first abow mentioned, on the same footing as the printers and publishers of newspapers, pamphlets, and other such papers ^aforesaid the publication of 'which began since the repeal of the Act first above mentioned, and that all the aforesaid Safeties should be discharged from all liability in respect of any breach of the condition of any such recognizance or bond which bos taken place since the repeal of the Act first above mentioned, at which shall hereafter take place: Be it therefore enacted, that no printer or publisher, or any surety or stfrCtfcfe for snob printer or publisher, who hath or have entered into any; S&ch recognizance or bond as aforesaid, shall be liable or be sued thereupon for or in respect of any breach of the condition 1

thereof which hath taken place since the repeal Of the Act first above mentioned, or which shall hereafter take place.

80* Every person acting as a commissioner in the execution Exemption of of the Income Tax Acts, to whom a certificate thereof has Commismoners [ATo. 45. Price 2d.] Y y

m

from serving on juries, &c.

Reduction of Inhabited House Duties on certain houses.

Ch. 103. Customs and Inland Revenue. 34 & 35 Yfct

been granted by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under the thirty-fifth section of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of Her present Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-five, shall, so long as such certificate continues in force, be discharged, not only from the several offices referred to in the said enactment, but from serving on juries in the county where such person shall dwell, any statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

3L From and after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one every inhabited dwelling-house which, with the household and other offices, yards, and gardens therewith occupied and charged, is or shall be worth the rent of twenty pounds or upwards by the year, which shall be occupied by any person who shall carry on in the said dwelling-house the business of an hotel-keeper or an innkeeper or coffeehouse keeper, although not licensed to sell therein by retail beer, ale, wine, or other liquors, there shall be charged for every twenty shillings of such annual value of any such dwelling-house the sum of sixpence.

SCHEDULE of Acts and parts of Acts to be repealed.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

56 Geo. 3. c. 73. " An Act for establishing and regulating a fund for the widows, children, and relatives of officers or persons belonging to the Department of Customs in England." So much as directs or authorises the collection of the contribution of poundage authorised to be levied upon the salaries of officers and others belonging to the department of the Customs in England.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 107. " The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853." Sections 21 to 28, both -elusive, section 125, and section 159, except as to base or counterfeit coin.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 96. " The Supplemental Customs Consolidation Act, 1855." Sections and 10.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 37. "The Customs Amendment Act, 1859." Sections 4 and 5.

23 Vict. c. 22. M The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860." The whole Act, except motion 15, and so much of section 2 as relates to the restriction on the importation of wine.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 110i u The Customs Duties Consolidation Act, 1860." Section 4.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 97. " The Stamp Act, 1870 " Section 58, so far as relates to the customs.

1871. Customs and Inland Revenue. Ch. 103, 104.

TABLE referred to in Section 18.

Colnmn

No.1.

8*etiaos

of this Act.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7,

8.

Column No. 2.

Order end Place of Incorporation in The Customs

Consolidation Act, 1853."

In lieu of section 21 of "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1833 " In lieu of section 22 ,

In lieu of section 23 ,

In lieu of section 24 ,

In lieu of section 25 ,

In lieu of section 26 ,

In lieu of section 27 ,

In lieu of section 28 ,

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

Repealed by this Act.

CHAP. 104.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Factories and Workshops.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the enforcement " of the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867, by inspectors of factories, and to amend the Acts relating to factories and workshops:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Factory and Workshop Act, 1871."

2. This Act and the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867, and Construction the Factory and Workshop Act, 1870, and the Act of the vict

present session, chapter nineteen, intituled An Act for c. 146.

" exempting persons professing the Jewish religion from 33 & 34 Vict. 44 penalties in respect of young persons and females professing c. 62.

" the said religion working on Sundays," (which Act may be cited as the Factory and Workshop (Jews) Act, 1871,) so far as they relate to workshops, shall be construed together as one Act, and may be cited as the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871:

This Act and the Factory Acts as defined by the Factory so & 31 Vict. Act Extension Act, 1867, and the Factory Act Extension Act, v. 1864, and the Factory Act Extension Act, 1867, and the c# 4g# lc Factory and Workshop Act, 1870, and the Factory and Workshop (Jews) Act, 1871, so far as they relate to factories, shall

Yy 2

Duties of inspectors of factories to enforce,

30 & 31 Vict. c. 146.

Exemption of curing fish from Factory and Workshop Acts.

Restriction as to employment of children, young persons, and women in the manufacture of bricks and tiles.

Modifications as regards certain trades.

Notices of accidents.

Recovery and application of penalties.

Penalties to be paid into Exchequer.

Ch. 10*. Factories and Workshops Acts Amendt 34 & 35 Vict.

be construed together as one Act, and may be cited as the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871.

3. After the passing of this Act, it shall cease to be the duty of the local authority to enforce the provisions of the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, and it shall be the duty of the inspectors and sub-inspectors of factories to enforce the provisions of those Acts, and such inspectors and sub-inspectors shall make the like reports with respect to workshops as are made by them with respect to factories, but not any further or other reports.

4. Whereas upon the arrival of boats with fish it is necessary, for the purpose of preventing such fish from being spoiled, to employ persons in gutting, salting, and packing such fish upon the arrival of such boats: Be it enacted, nothing in the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, or in the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, shall extend to the process of gutting, salting, and packing fish immediately upon its arrival in the fishing boats.

5. After the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, no female under the age of sixteen years, and no chijd under the age of ten years, shall be employed in the manufacture of bricks and tiles, not being ornamental tiles, and any female or child who is employed in contravention of this section shall be deemed to be employed in manner contrary to the provisions of the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, and the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871.

6. The Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, and the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, shall be construed as if there were contained in the schedules to the Factory Acts Extension Act, 1867, and the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867, respectively, the permanent modifications contained in. the first schedule to this Act.

7. The accidents of which notice is required to be given in a factory shall be the following accidents only; that is to *ay,

(a.) Any accident which causes loss of life to any person employed in the factory; and

(6.) Any accident which causes bodily injury to any person employed in the factory* and is produced by machinery or by explosion or escape of gas or steam or metal, and is of such a nature as to prevent the person injured by it from returning to his work in the factory within forty-eight hours after the occurrence of the accident

8. All offences and penalties under the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, including penalties under special rules, may be prosecuted and recovered summarily in like manner as offences and penalties under the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871.

All penalties imposed in pursuance of the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, or the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

1871. Factories and Workshops Acts Amendment Ch. 104. 588

9. In the application of the Factory Acts, 1838 to 1871, Recovery of and the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, to Scotland, the scottaS.1* following enactments shall have effect:

1. "The court" when hearing and determining an infor-

mation, complaint, or other proceeding under those Acts shall be constituted either of two or more justices of the peace, sitting as judges in a justice of the peace court, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the sheriff of the county or his substitute, or the provost or other magistrate of a royal burgh, or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace:

2. All offences under those Acts shall be prosecuted and all

penalties under those Acts shall be recovered at the instance of the inspector or sub-inspector of factories for the district, before the court, under the provisions of "The Summary Procedure Act, 1864

3. The court may make orders under those Acte on petition

by such inspector or sub-inspector, presented in common form:

4. All penalties under those Acts in default of payment,

and all orders made under thote Acts failing compliance, may be enforced by imprisonment for a term to be specified in the judgment or sentence of the Court, but not exceeding three calendar months:

5. All penalties imposed and recovered under those Acte

shall be paid to the clerk of the court, and by him accounted for and paid to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, on behalf of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund:

6. All jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for the purposes of this section are conferred on the sheriffs and their substitutes, the provost and magistrates of royal burghs, and on justices of the peace.

10. An establishment shall not be exempted from the Public esta-Factory Acts, 1883-1871, or the Workshop Acts, 1867-1871, blishments to by reason that it belongs to the Crown, or the articles manu- ^cub^ect to factured therein, being the property of the Crown, are not intended for sale.

Provided that in case of any public emergency it shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State by order to exempt any such establishment from any of the provisions of the said Acte during such period as may be prescribed in such order.

11. The Acte mentioned in the second schedule to this Act Repeal, are hereby repealed to the extent in the third oolnmn of that

Ty 3

534

Ch. 104. Factories and Workshops Acts Amendt. 34 & 35 Vict.

schedule mentioned; provided that this repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered, or any prosecution or other proceeding commenced, before the passing of this Act, under any enactment hereby repealed, or the payment of any expenses incurred, or the levying of any rate for the purpose of paying any expenses incurred, before the passing of this Act, under any enactment hereby repealed.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Permanent Modification.

(1.) Where it is shown to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, with respect to any factory or workshop or class of factories or workshops, that by reason of the nature of the business depending on the weather or on the seasons of the year, it is necessary to employ young persons of fourteen years of age and upwards and women at certain times of the year for a longer period than is allowed by the Factory Acts Extension Act, 1864, or the Factory Acts Extension Act, 1867, or the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867, (as the case may be,) such Secretary of State may from time to time, by order to be advertised in the London Gazette or otherwise published in such manner as he may think fit, give permission that in the case of such factory or workshop or class of factories or workshops young persons of fourteen years of age and upwards and women may be employed for a period not exceeding fourteen hours in any one day:

Provided that —

1st. They shall not be so employed except between the hours of six in the morning and eight in the evening, or, where permission has been given by the Secretary of State to work between the hours of seven in the morning and seven in the evening or of eight in the morning and eight in the evening, then except between the hours of seven in the morning and nine in the evening, or eight in the morning and ten in the evening, as the case may be:

2nd. In addition to the time allowed for meals they shall be allowed half an hour for a meal after the hour of five in the evening:

3rd. They shall not be so employed for more than ninety-six days in any period of twelve months, or for more than five consecutive days in any one week.

Where it is shown to one of Her Majesty's Principal* Secretaries of State, with respect to the manufacture of bricks and tiles, other than ornamental tiles, that by reason of the nature of such manufacture it is necessary to employ male young persons of the age of fourteen years and upwards, and women, at certain times of the year, for a longer period than is allowed by the Factory Acts Extension Act, 1867, or the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867, as the case may be, such Secretary of State may, from time to time, by order to be advertised in the London Gazette, or otherwise published in such manner as he may think fit, give permission that in the case of the factories and workshops in which such manufacture is carried on, or in such of them as may be mentioned in the order, male young persons of fourteen years of age and upwards, and women, may be employed between the thirty-first day of March and the first clay of the following October, in any year, for a period not exceeding fourteen hours in any one day:

Provided that —

1st They shall not be so employed except between the hours of six in the morning and eight in the evening:

2d. In addition to the time allowed for meals they shall be allowed half an hour for a meal after the hour of five in the evenipg:

3d. They shall not be so employed for more than three days in any one week.

(2.) Any order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in pursuance of any of the permanent modifications contained in any of the Factory Acts, 1833 to 1871, or in any of the Workshop Acts, 1867 to 1871, shall be in force for such time and during such periods only as may be specified in such orller.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 15.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

27 & 28 Vict.

30 & 3U Vict. c. 146.

Title of Act

Extent of Repeat

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories.

An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders.

The Factory Acts Extension Act, 1864.

The Workshop Regulation Act, 1867.

Sections forty-five to fifty, both inclusive; and sections sixty-six and sixty-eight.

The following words in section thirty-five: " nor shall anything in this Act extend to any proceedings under the Acts of Parliament regulating or otherwise relating to the labour of children and young persons in mills or factories." Section seven down to the words " Factory Acts and."

Section nine; section ten from " provided that he report " down to " half-yearly report," both inclusive; the following words in section twelve, namely, "as to Scotland in manner directed by the Summary Procedure Act, 1864," and the last paragraph from the words " the court imposing any penalty" down to the end of that section; sections thirteen and eighteen; the second schedule; and so much of the remainder of the

Act as relates to any local authority.

CHAP. 105.

An Act for the safe keeping of Petroleum and other substances of a like nature.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the " law relating to the safe keeping of petroleum and other substances of a like nature:

[Short title.]

Interpretation of certain terms in the Act:

" Borough :n

" Person

" Secretary of State

" Lord Lieutenant:"

" Harbour

" Harbour authority

Ship

M Summary Jurisdiction Acts

Cel 106. Petroleum. 34 & 35 Vict.

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and oy the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Petroleum Act, 1871."

2. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following terms have the meanings herein-after assigned to them; (that is to say,)

The term "borough" means —

In England any place for the time being subject to the provisions of the Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-six," to provide for the regulation of municipal " corporations in England and Wales," and the Acts amending the same;

In Scotland any royal, burgh and any burgh or town returning or contributing to return a member or members to serve in Parliament;

In Ireland any place for the time being subject to the provisions of the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eijght, 4t for the regulation of u municipal corporations m Ireland, and the Acts u amending the same The term "person 99 includes a body corporate:

The term "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

The term "Lord Lieutenant" means the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland or the lords justices or other chief governors or governor of Ireland for the time bring:

The term "harbour means any harbour properly so called, whether natural or artificial, and any port, haven, estuary, tidal river or other river, canal or inland navigation navigated by sea-going ships, and any dock, pier, jetty, or other works in or at which ships do or can ship or unship goods or passengers:

The term "harbour authority " includes any persons or person being or claiming to be proprietors or proprietor of or intrusted with the duty or invested with the power of improving, maintaining, or managing any harbour: The term "ship " includes every description of vessel used in navigation, whether propelled by oars or otherwise: The term "Summary Jurisdiction Acts 99 means as follows: As to England, the Act of the Session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the u performance of the duties of justices of the peace out " of sessions within England and Wales with respect " to summary convictions and orders," and any Acts amending the same;

187L Petroleum* Ch. 105. 587

As to Scotland, "The Summary ^Procedure Act, 1864 Ab to Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district; and elsewhere in Ireland," the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same:

The term "Court of Summary Jurisdiction" means and "0011, 1 of includes any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff or sheriff substitute, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate, dr officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any Acts therein referred to, or to proceedings before whom the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts are or may be made applicable:

The term "county rate" means as regards Scotland the "County rate." county general assessment leviable in pursuance of "The 318* 32 Vict " County General Assessment (Scotland) Act, 1868," and as regards Ireland the grand jury cess.

3. For the purposes of this Act the term "petroleum " Definition of^ includes any rock oil, Rangoon oil, Burmah oil, oil made

from petroleum, coal, schist, shale, peat, or other bituminous tion of Act. Substance, and any products of petroleum, or any of the above-mentioned oils; and the term "petroleum to which this Act applies," means such of the petroleum so defined as, when tested in manner set forth in Schedule One to this Act, gives off an imflammable vapour at a temperature of less than one hundred degrees of Fahrenheit's thermometer.

4. Every harbour authority shall frame and submit for Byelaws as confirmation to the Board of Trade byelaws for regulating £ shipti^ the place or places at which ships carrying petroleum to eum* which this Act applies are to be moored in the harbour

over which such authority has jurisdiction, and are to land their cargo, and for regulating the time and mode of, and the precautions to be taken on, such landing. The harbour authority shall* publish the byelaws so framed with a notice erf the intention of such authority to apply for the confirmation thereof The Board of Trade may confirm such byelaws with or without any omission, addition, or alteration, or may disallow the same.

Every such byelaw when confirmed shall be published by the harbour authority, and may be from time to time altered or repealed by a byelaw made in like manner. Byelaws under this section shall be published in such manner as the Board of Trade may from time to time direct.

If at any time it appears to the Board of Trade that there is no byelaw for the time being in force under this section in any harbour the Board of Trade may, by notice require the harbour authority of such harbour to frame and submit to them a byelaw for the purposes of this section, and if

538 Ch. 105. Petroleum. 34 & 35 Vict.

such harbour authority make defhult in framing a byelaw and obtaining the confirmation thereof within the time limited by such notice the Board of Trade may make a byelaw for the purposes of this section, and such byelaw shall have the same effect as if it had been framed by the harbour authority and confirmed by the Board of Trade.

Where any ship or cargo is moored, landed, or otherwise dealt with in contravention of any byelaw for the time being in force under this Act in any harbour, the owner and master of such ship, or the owner of such cargo, as the case may be, shall each incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for each day during which such contravention continues, and it shall be lawful for the harbour master or any other person acting under the orders of the harbour authority of such harbour to cause such ship or cargo to be removed, at the expense of the owner thereof, to such place as may be in conformity with the said byelaw, and all expenses incurred in such removal may be recovered in the same manner in which penalties are by this Act made recoverable.

ovroo/mag- The owner or master of every ship carrying a cargo any part of which consists of petroleum to which this Act applies, on entering any harbour within the United Kingdom, shall give notice of the nature of such cargo to the harbour authority having jurisdiction over such harbour.

If such notice is not given the owner and master of such ship shall each incur a penalty not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the court before which the case is tried that neither the owner nor the master knew the nature of the goods to which the proceedings relate, nor could with reasonable diligence have obtained such knowledge.

6. Where any petroleum to which this Act applies —

(a.) Is kept at any place except during the seven days next after it has been imported; or,

(b.) Is sent or conveyed by land or water between any two places in the United Kingdom; or,

(c.) Is sold or exposed for sale; the vessel containing such petroleum shall have attached thereto a label in conspicuous characters, stating the description of the petroleum, with the addition of the words " highly inflammable," and with the addition —

(a.) In the case of a vessel kept, of the name and address of the consignee or owner:

(6.) In the case of a vessel sent or conveyed, of the name and address of the sender:

(c.) In the case of a vessel sold or exposed for sale, of the name and address of the vendor.

All petroleum to which this Act applies which is kept, sent, conveyed, sold, or exposed for sale, in contravention of this section, shall, together with the vessel containing the same,

ter of ship

carrying

petroleum.

Label on vessels containing petroleum.

1871. Petroleum. Ch. 105. 539

be forfeited, and in addition thereto the person keeping, sending, selling, or exposing for sale the same shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

7. Save as herein-after mentioned, after the passing of this Regulations as Act petroleum to which this Act applies shall not be kept, of

except in pursuance of a license given by such local authority petr° eum' as is in this Act mentioned.

All petroleum kept in contravention of this section shall, together with the vessel containing the same, be forfeited, and in addition thereto the occupier of the place in which such petroleum is so kept shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds a day for each day during which such petroleum is so kept.

This section shall not apply to any petroleum kept either for private use or for sale, provided the following conditions are complied with:

(1.) That it is kept in separate glass, earthenware, or metal vessels, each of which contains not more than a pint, and is securely stopped:

(2.) That the aggregate amount kept, supposing the whole contents of the vessels to be in bulk, does not exceed three gallons.

8. The following bodies shall respectively be the local Definition of authority to grant licenses under this Act in the districts local authority-herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

(1.) In the city of London, except as hereafter in this section mentioned, the court of the Lord Mayor and aldermen of the said city:

(2.) In the metropolis, (that is, in places for the time being within the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855,) except the city of London, and except as hereafter in this section mentioned, the Metropolitan Board of Works:

(3.) In any borough in England or Ireland, except as hereafter in this section mentioned, the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses acting by the council:

(4.) In any place in England or Ireland, except as hereafter in this section mentioned, within the jurisdiction of any trustees or improvement commissioners appointed under the provisions of any local or general Act of Parliament, and not being a borough or comprising any part of a borough, the trustees or commissioners:

(5.) In any place in England (except as hereafter in this section mentioned) within the jurisdiction of a local board constituted under the Local Government Act,

1858, and not being any of the districts before mentioned or comprising any part of any such district, the local board:

(6.) In any borough in Scotland, except as hereafter in this section mentioned, the town council;

Mode of granting licenses.

In case of refusal of license the applicant may memorialize Secretary of State or Lord Lieutenant.

(7.) In any place in Scotland, except as hereafter in this section mentioned, within the jurisdiction of police commissioners or trustees exercising the functions of police commissioners under any general or local Act, and not being a borough or comprising any part of a borough, the police commissioners or trustees:

(8.) In any harbour within the jurisdiction of a harbour authority, whether situate or not within the jurisdiction of any local authority before in this section mentioned, the harbour authority, to the exclusion of any other local authority:

(9.) In any place in which there is no local authority as before in this section defined in England or Ireland, the justices in petty sessions assembled, and in Scotland any two or more justices of the peace for the county sitting as judges in the justice of peace court.

9. Licenses in pursuance of this Act shall be valid if signed by two or more of the persons constituting the local authority, or executed in any other way in which other licenses, if any, granted by such authority are executed. Licenses may be granted for a limited time and may be subject to renewal or not in such manner as the local authority think necessary *

There may be annexed to any such license such conditions as to the mode of storage, the nature and situation of the premises in which, and the nature of the goods with which petroleum to which this Act applies is to be stored, the facilities for the testing of such petroleum from tune to time, the mode of carrying such petroleum within the district of the licensing authority, and generally as to the safe keeping of such petroleum as may seem expedient to the local authority.

Any licensee violating any of the conditions of his license shall be deemed to be an unlicensed person. There may be charged in respect of each license granted in pursuance of this Act such sum, not exceeding five shillings, as the local authority may think fit to charge,

10. If on any application for a license under this Act the local authority refuse the license, or grant the same only on conditions with which the applicant is dis-satisfied, the local authority shall, if required by the applicant, deliver to him in writing under the hand or hands of one or more of the persons constituting the local authority, a certificate of the grounds on which they refused the license or annexed conditions to the grant thereof.

The applicant within ten days from the time of the delivery of the certificate may transmit the same to a Secretary of State if the application is for a license in England or Scotland, and to the Lord Lieutenant if the application is for a license in Ireland, together with a memorial, praying that notwithstanding such refusal the license may be granted, or that the conditions may tiot be imposed, or may be altered or modified

1871. Petroleum. Ce. 105. 541

in such manner and to such extent as may be set forth in such memorial

It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State, or the Lord Lieutenant, if he think fit, on consideration of such memorial and certificate, and, if he think it necessary or desirable, after due inquiry and a report by such person as he may appoint for that purpose, to grant the license prayed for, either absolutely or with such conditions as he thinks fit, or to alter or modify the conditions imposed by the local authority; and the license so granted, or altered and modified, as the case may be, when certified under the hand of a Secretary of State, or the Lord Lieutenant, shall be to all intents as valid as if granted by the local authority.

11. Any officer authorised by the local authority may pur- Testing of chase any petroleum from any dealer in it, or may, on producing o^/onocai a copy of his appointment, purporting to be certified by the authority, clerk or some member of the local authority, or producing some other sufficient authority, require the dealer to show him every or any place, and all or any of the vessels in which any petroleum in his possession is kept, and to give him samples of such petroleum on payment of the value of such samples.

When the officer has by either of the means aforesaid taken samples of petroleum, he may declare in writing to the dealer that he is about to test the same, or cause the same to be tested, in manner set forth in Schedule One to this Act, and it shall be lawful for him to test the same or cause the same to be tested, at any convenient place at such reasonable time as he may appoint, and the dealer or any person appointed by him may be present at the testing, and if it appear to the officer or other person so testing that the petroleum from which such samples have been taken is petroleum to which this Act applies, such officer or other person may certify such fact, and the certificate so given shall be receivable as evidence in any proceedings that may be taken against a dealer in petroleum in pursuance of this Act; but it shall be lawful for a dealer proceeded against to give evidence in proof that such certificate is incorrect, and thereupon the court before which any such proceedings may be taken may, if such court think fit, appoint some person skilled in testing petroleum to examine the samples to which such certificate relates, and to declare whether such certificate is correct or incorrect.

Any expenses incurred in testing any petroleum of such dealer in pursuance of this section shall, if such dealer he convicted of keeping, sending, conveying, selling, or exposing for sale, petroleum in contravention of this Act, be deemed to be a portion [of the costs of the proceedings against him, and shall be paid by him accordingly. In any other event such expenses shall be paid by the local authority out of any funds for the time being in their hands, and in case the local authority are the justices, out of the county rate.

Petroleum. 34 & 35 Vict.

Penalty for refusing information and obstructing officer.

Search for petroleum. See 23 & 24 Vict. c. 139. s. 25.

12. Any dealer who refiises to show to any officer authorised by the local authority every or any place or all or any of the vessels in which petroleum in his possession is kept, or to give him such assistance as he may require for examining the same, or to give to such officer samples of such petroleum on payment of the value of such samples, or who wilfully obstructs the local authority, or any officer of the local authority, in the execution of this Act, shall incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

13. Where any court of summary jurisdiction is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground to believe that any petroleum to which this Act applies is being kept, sent, conveyed, or exposed for sale within the jurisdiction of such court in contravention of this Act, at any place, whether a building or not, or in any ship or vehicle, such court shall grant a warrant by virtue whereof it shall be lawful for any person named in such warrant to enter the place, ship, or vehicle named in such warrant, and every part thereof, and examine the same and search for petroleum therein, and take samples of any petroleum found therein, and if any petroleum to which this Act applies be found therein, which is kept, sent, conveyed, or exposed for sale, in contravention of this Act, to seize and remove such petroleum, and the vessel containing the same, and to detain such petroleum and vessel until some court of summary jurisdiction has determined whether the same are or not forfeited, the proceedings for which forfeiture shall be commenced forthwith after the seizure.

Any person seizing any petroleum to which this Act applies in pursuance of this section shall not be liable to any suit for detaining the same, or for any loss or damage incurred in respect of such petroleum, otherwise than by any wilful act or neglect while the same is so detained.

If any petroleum to which this Act applies is seized in pursuance of this section in any ship or vehicle, the person seizing the same may use for the purposes of the removal thereof, during twenty-four hours after the seizure, the said ship or vehicle, with the tackle, beasts, and accoutrements belonging thereto, and if he do so shall pay to the owner thereof a reasonable recompense for the use thereof, and the amount of such recompense shall, in case of dispute, be settled by the court of summary jurisdiction before whom proceedings for the forfeiture are taken, and may be recovered in like manner as penalties under this Act may be recovered.

Any person who, by himself or by any one in his employ or acting by his direction or with his consent, refuses or fails to admit into any place occupied by or under the control of such person, any person demanding to enter in pursuance of this section, or in any way obstructs or prevents any person in or from making any such search, examination, or seizure, or taking any such samples as authorised by this section, shall

1871. Petroleum. Ch. 105. 543

be liable to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and to forfeit all petroleum to which this Act applies which is found in his possession or under his control

14. Her Majesty may from time to time make, revoke, and Application of vary Orders in Council directing this Act or any part thereof

to apply to any substance, and this Act, or the part thereof specified in the Order shall, during the continuance of the Order, apply to such substance, and shall be construed and have effect as if throughout it such substance had been included in the definition of petroleum to which this Act applies, subject to the following qualifications:

(1.) The quantity of any substance to which this Act is directed by Order in Council to apply, which may be kept without a license, shall be such quantity only as is specified in that behalf in such order, or if no such quantity is specified no quantity may be kept without a license:

(2.) The label on the vessel containing such substance shall be such as may be specified in that behalf in the order.

15. In England and Ireland all offences and penalties under Summary this Act, and all money and costs directed by this Act to be recovered as penalties, may be prosecuted and recovered in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

In Scotland all offences and penalties under this Act, and all money and expenses by this Act directed to be recovered as penalties, shall, save as herein-after provided, be prosecuted and recovered at the instance of the procurator fiscal or of any officer authorised in that behalf by the harbour authority or local authority under the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts before a court of summary jurisdiction, and all necessary powers and jurisdictions are hereby conferred on such court in Scotland.

Provided as follows:

1. A court of summary jurisdiction shall not impose a penalty exceeding fifty pounds, but any such court may impose that or any less penalty for any one offence, notwithstanding the offence involves a penalty of higher amount.

2. In Scotland any penalty exceeding fifty pounds shall be recovered and enforced in the same manner in which any penalty due to Her Majesty under any Act of Parliament may be recovered and enforced.

3. The " Court of Summary Jurisdiction," when hearing and determining an information or complaint, shall be constituted in some one of the following manners; (that is to say,)

(a.) In England, either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned, sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the Lord Mayor, or any alderman of the City of London, a metropolitan

Ch. 105. Petroleum. 34 & 35 Vict.

police magistrate, a stipendiary magistrate, or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace:

(5.) In Scotland, of two or more justices of the peace sitting as judges in a justice of the peace court, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the sheriff of the county or his substitute, or the provost or other magistrate of a royal burgh, or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace:

(c.) In Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, of one of the divisional justices of the police district of Dublin metropolis, sitting at a police court within the said district; and elsewhere, of a stipendiary magistrate, sitting alone or with others, or of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions, sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions.

4. The description of any offence under this Act in the words of such Act shall be sufficient in law.

5. Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification, whether it does or not accompany the description of the offence in this Act, may be proved by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived in the information, and if so specified or negatived, no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or prosecutor.

6. No conviction or order made in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed for want of form or be removed by certiorari or otherwise, either at the instance of the Crown or of any private party, into any superior court. Moreover, no warrant of commitment shall be held void by reason of any defect therein, provided that there is a valid conviction to maintain such warrant, and it is* alleged in the warrant that the party has been convicted.

7. All forfeitures may be sold or otherwise disposed of in such manner as the court may direct.

8. In Scotland all penalties imposed under the provisions of this Act by a Court of Summary Jurisdiction may be enforced in default of payment by imprisonment for a term not exceeding three calendar months; and all such penalties, recovered and the proceeds of all forfeitures sold under this Act shall be paid to the clerk of the Court of Summary Jurisdiction, and by him accounted for and paid to the persons and for the purposes under stated; (that is to say,)

(a.) To the Queen's and Lord Treasurer s Remembrancer, on behalf of Her Majesty, when the court is the sheriff's court:

1871. Petroleum. Ch. 105. 545

(5.) To the collector of county rates in aid of the general county assessment when the court is the justice of the peace court:

(c.) To the treasurer of the burgh in aid of the funds of the burgh when the court is a burgh court

9. In Ireland all penalties recovered under the provisions of this Act shall be applied according to the Fines, Ireland,

Act, 1851, or any Act amending the same.

16. All powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be Reservation in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers J^with conferred on any local or harbour authority by Act of Parlia- respect to ment, law, or custom, and every local authority and harbour inflammable authority may exercise such other powers in the same manner 6ab8tance8' as if this Act had not passed; and nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to exempt any person from any penalty

to which he would otherwise be subject in respect of a nuisance.

17. The Acts mentioned in Schedule Two to this Act are Repeal of hereby repealed to the extent in that schedule mentioned. Acts.

Provided that such repeal shall not affect any Order in Council made, or any license granted, under any Act hereby repealed or any liability or penalty incurred in respect of any offence committed before the passing of this Act, or any remedy or proceeding for enforcing such liability or penalty, and every such order, so far as relates to the matters provided for by this Act, and every such license, shall have effect as if it had been made or granted under this Act.

18. This Act shall continue in force until the first day of Duration of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and Act-

no longer.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE ONE.

Directions for testing petroleum to ascertain the temperature at which it gives off inflammable vapour.

The vessel which is to hold the oil shall be of thin sheet iron; it shall be two inches deep and two inches wide at the opening, tapering slightly towards the bottom; it shall have a flat rim, with a raised edge one quarter of an inch high round the top; it shall be supported by this rim in a tin vessel four inches and a half deep and four and a half inches in diameter; it shall also have a thin wire stretched across the opening, which wire shall be so fixed to the edge of the vessel that it shall be a quarter of an inch above the surface of the fiat rim. The thermometer to he used shall have a round bulb about half an inch in diameter, and is to be graduated upon the scale of Fahrenheit, every ten degrees occupying not less than half an inch upon the scale.

The inner vessel shall be filled with the petroleum to be tested, but care must be taken that the liquid does not cover the flat rim. The outer vessel shall be filled with cold, or nearly cold, water; a small flame shall be applied to the bottom of the outer vessel, and the thermometer shall be inserted into the oil so' that the bulb shall be immersed about one and a half inches beneath the surface.

Zz 3

Ch. 105, 106. Petroleumu 34 & 35 Vict.

A screen of pasteboard or wood shall be placed round the apparatus, and shall be of such dimensions as to surround it about two thirds, and to reach several inches above the level of the vessels.

When heat has been applied to the water until the thermometer has risen to about ninety degrees Fahrenheit, a very small dame shall be quickly passed across the surface of the oil on a level with the wire. If no pale blue flicker or flash is produced, the application of the flame is to be repeated for every rise of two or three degrees in the thermometer. When the flashing point has been noted, the test shall be repeated with a fresh sample of the oil, using cold, or nearly cold, water as before, withdrawing the source of heat from the outer vessel when the temperature approaches that noted in the first experiment, and applying the flame test at every rise of two degrees in the thermometer.

SCHEDULE TWO.

Year and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 66. An Act for the safe keeping of Petroleum. The whole Act.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 69. The Carriage and Deposit of dangerous Goods Act, 1866. Sections eight and nine.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 56. The Petroleum Act, 1868 - The whole Act.

CHAP. 106.

An Act to make provision for the separation from Counties in Ireland of detached and isolated portions of Land separated from the same by the Sea, and for the annexation of such Lands to Counties more conveniently situated for parliamentary, grand jury, and other purposes; and also to provide for the presentment of moneys by Grand Juries in certain cases.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS there are detached and isolated parcels of land " belonging to and forming part of certain counties in Ireland, which are separated from such counties by the sea, and it is expedient to provide that where it would be for the convenience of the inhabitants of such detached portions of such counties that the same should be separated from the counties to which they belong, and of which they form part, and should be annexed to such neighbouring counties as are more conveniently situated:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the presentment of moneys by grand juries for the payment of expenses incurred in the execution of any Act of Parliament, and directed by such Act to be defrayed out of grand jury cess, but for the presentment of which no provisions are contained in such Act:

County Boundaries (Ireland).

Ch. 106.

547

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Whenever it appears to the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland that any detached and isolated parcels of land belonging to or forming part of any county are separated from such county by the sea, and that for the convenience of the inhabitants of such lands it is expedient that such detached and isolated portion of such county should cease to form part of the same, and should be annexed to some other neighbouring county more conveniently situated, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council to make an order directing such detached and isolated portion of such county to be annexed to such other county as he and they shall think more conveniently situated.

2. The Lord Lieutenant in Council shall and may by such order as aforesaid limit and determine the purposes to which the union and annexation of such isolated or detached portion of a county to such other county shall extend, and fix and declare from what period the same shall take effect, and settle and adjust all such matters in respect of the right of voting at elections of members to serve in Parliament by persons holding or occupying houses, lands, or tenements in such county, and for the alteration or amendment of the lists or registers of electors accordingly, and in respect of the assessment, applotment, and levy of grand jury and other rates and assessments, and in respect of all other matters and things proper or necessary to be settled and adjusted in consequence of the union or annexation directed to be made by such order; and the order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall be conclusive and binding in law in respect of the said several matters and things therein contained; and every such order shall be published in the Dublin Gazette; and a copy of such order, certified under the hand of the clerk of the said Council, shall be delivered to the commissioner of valuation; and copies of such order shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace for each county to which such order shall in any way relate, to be by him kept and preserved in his office, and exhibited at all reasonable hours to any person or persons who may desire to inspect the same, without fee or reward.

3. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council from time to time, as occasion may require, to make any supplemental order or orders for removing such doubts, or settling such disputes as may arise in consequence of the changes effected by virtue of the provisions herein-before contained; and every such supplemental order shall be published and transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be by him preserved and exhibited for inspection in like manner as herein-before provided in respect of any original order;

Power to Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council to order separation from any county and annexation to any county of detached and isolated lands.

What such order of the Lord Lieutenant, &c. in Council shall contain.

Lord Lieutenant in Council empowered to make a supplemental order.

548

Presentment of moneys by grand juries to defray expenses directed to be paid out of grand jury cess.

[Short title.]

Colony of

Leeward

Islands.

Definition of teims.

and every such supplemental order shall have the same force and effect as if it had formed part of any original order made under the provisions of this Act.

4. Where, under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, expenses incurred in carrying the same into effect are to be defrayed out of grand jury cess, and no provision is made in such Act for the presentment of such expenses, the grand jury of the county, county of the city, or county of the town in which the same have been incurred shall, at any assizes or presenting term at which it is proved that such expenses have been incurred, and without previous application to presentment sessions, present to be raised off and paid by such county, county of a city, or county of a town all such moneys as shall be necessary to defray such expenses.

CHAP. 107.

An Act for the Federation and general Government of the Leeward Islands.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS the several legislative bodies of Her Majesty's " Leeward Islands have, by certain resolutions, signified their desire for the union of the said islands under one government in manner therein set forth, and have requested that the said resolutions may be embodied in an Act of the Imperial Parliament with all such provisions as may be necessary to give them full force and effect, and it is expedient that the said union should be established:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Leeward Islands Act, 1871.

2. So soon as this Act shall come into operation in the Leeward Islands, those islands shall form one colony, consisting of six presidencies, namely, the several islands of Antigua, Montserrat, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Dominica, with their respective dependencies, and the Virgin Islands.

3. In this Act the following terms shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant thereto; (that is to say,)

"Governor" shall mean the Governor or officer for the time being administering the general government of the Leeward Islands:

" General Government " and " General Legislature " shall respectively mean the government and legislature of the Leeward Islands:

"Island Government," "Island Council," and "Island Legislature" shall mean respectively the government, legislative body, or legislature of one of the above-named presi-. dencies:

Leeward Islands.

Ch. 107.

549

"Proclamation" shall mean a written or printed notice under the hand of the Governor, published by his order in each of the presidencies which it may directly concern.

4. This Act shall come into operation in the Leeward Islands on a day to be declared by proclamation.

5. There shall be an Executive Council of the Leeward Islands consisting of such persons or officers as the Queen may from time to time name or designate.

6. The Queen may, from time to time, appoint such officers of the General Government as Her Majesty may think fit, with such salaries as may be assigned to them by the General Legislature.

7. There shall be in the Leeward Islands a legislative body, to be styled " The General Legislative Council," composed of ten elective and ten non-elective members.

Provided that the proceedings of the Council shall not be invalid on account of any vacancies therein.

8. Of the elective members, four shall be taken from the Island Council of Antigua, three from that of Saint Christopher, two from that of Dominica, and one from that of Nevis. They Shall respectively be chosen by the elective members of the island council from which they are taken, in such manner as the said island council may, from time to time, by any standing rule determine, and within such period as may, from time to time, be prescribed by proclamation.

8. The non-elective members shall be appointed by the Queen in such manner and under such conditions as Her Majesty may think fit, and shall be as follows:

A President, who at the time of his appointment shall be member of some island council:

Three official members, who shall at the time of their appointment be officers of the General Government, and shall, ipso facto vacate their seats on ceasing to be so:

Six unofficial members, of whom one shall be taken from each of the island councils, and who shall ipso facto vacate their seats on ceasing to be members of such councils.

10. Subject to the provisions of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sections of this Act, the Governor with the consent of the General Legislative Council, herein-after referred to as, "the Council," may make laws, for the Leeward Islands or any part thereof, on the following subjects:

1. The law of real and personal property, including wills,

testaments, probate, and administration of estates of

deceased persons:

2. The mercantile law:

3. The law relating to husband and wife, parent and child,

marriage, divorce, and guardianship of infants:

4. The criminal law:

5. The constitution of courts of law, the criminal and civil

administration of justice, including the jurisdiction.

[Commencement of Act.]

Executive Council.

Appointment of officers.

General

Legislative

Council.

Elective

members.

Non-elective

members.

President:

Official

members:

Unofficial

members.

Legislative powers of the Council.

Legislative powers of Presidencies.

Convocation, &c. of General Legislative Council.

When to be convoked.

Place of meeting.

Duration of Council.

Oath to be taken by the members of the General legislative Council.

Appointment of vice-president.

Ch. 107. Leeward Islands. 34 & 35 Victf.

practice, and procedure of all courts of law, criminal and civil:

6. The establishment and regulation of a common convict

station and a common prison discipline:

7. The establishment and regulation of a general polioe

force, and of the other protective forces of the Leeward Islands:

8. The post office and the electric telegraph:

9. Quarantine:

10. Currency:

11. Weights and measures:

12. Audit of the public accounts in the several presidencies:

13. Education:

14. Immigration and treatment of immigrants:

15. Idiots, lunatics, and idiot and lunatic asylums:

16. Copyrights and patents:

17. The constitution and procedure of the Council:

18. Such other subjects in respect of each presidency as the

Island Legislature thereof may declare to be within the competency of the General Legislature.

11. Subject to the provisions of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sections of this Act, the Governor may, with the consent of the Legislative Body of any presidency, make laws for the peace, order, and good government thereof, but any island enactment relating to any of the subjects named in the preceding section may at any time be repealed or altered by the General Legislature, and shall, without any formal repeal, be void so far as it is repugnant to any law passed by the General Legislature.

12. The Council may from time to time be convoked, prorogued, and dissolved by any instrument under the hajid and seal of the Governor.

13. The Council shall be so convoked within six months after this Act shall come into operation in the Leeward Islands, and afterwards once (at least) in every year.

14. The place of meeting of the Council shall from time to time be fixed by proclamation.

15. The duration of the Council, unless sooner dissolved, shall be three years.

16. Every member of the Council shall, before taking his seat, take and subscribe before the Governor, or some person authorised by him, the following oath of allegiance:

" I, A.B., do swear that I will be faithful and bear true " allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, her heirs and " successors, according to law. So help me GOD."

But any person authorised by law to affirm or declare instead of taking an oath may make such affirmation or declaration in lieu of the said oath.

17. The Council shall appoint one of the members of the Council to be vice-president thereof.

1871. Leewwril Islands, Cm, 107, 551

18. Every member of the Council, except the official Resignation

members, may resign his seat therein by writing under his of unofficial hand addressed to the Governor. members.

19. Every elective member who shall accept any office Vacation of

under the Crown shall vacate his seat in the said Council, but 8eats on shall be eligible for re-election. office!* of

20. When any elective member vacates his seat in the Appointment Council otherwise than by the dissolution or other deter- of elective mination thereof, the elective members of the island council

which he represented shall choose a successor within three Cancy. months after notice of such vacancy shall have been proclaimed in the presidency; and if they fail to do so within that time the Governor shall appoint a person from that island council to fill such vacancy.

21. Until otherwise determined by the Council, the Council Quorum, shall not be considered as constituted for the despatch of business unless at least eleven members be present and assisting thereat.

22. Questions arising in the Council shall be decided by Majority of a majority of voices; the President shall, in all cases, have v.oice810 de_ a vote, and when the voices are equal the decision eball C1 e *

be deemed to be in the negative.

23. No vote or resolution shall be proposed in the Council initiation of having for its object to charge any part of the revenues money vote8, arising within the said Leeward Islands, except by one of the official members, or with the express approval or direction of the Governor.

24. When a Bill passed by the Council is presented to Assent to Bills, the Governor for his assent, he shall declare according to his discretion either that he assents thereto, or that he refuses

his assent to the same, or that he reserves the same for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon.

25. When the Governor assents to a Bill, he shall by the Disallowance first convenient opportunity send an authentic copy of the of Acts-law to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State,

and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty at any time within eighteen months after such copy shall have been received by the said Secretary of State to notify to the Governor her disallowance of such law through one of her Principal Secretaries of State, and every such law shall become null and void from and after the day on which the said Governor shall signify such disallowance by message to the Council, or from and after a day to be named by proclamation.

26. A Bill reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's Signification pleasure shall take effect so soon as Her Majesty shall have ?ef8tH, r given her assent to the same by Order in Council, and the upon Served Governor shall have signified such assent by message to the Bills. Council or proclamation, provided that no such message or proclamation shall be issued after two years from the day

on which the Bill was presented to the Governor for his assent.

Standing rales and orders.

Apportionment of expenses of common establishment.

Annual estimates.

Power to Council to alter provisions of Act.

Existing powers of Island Governors to vest in Governor of Leeward Islands.

Delegation of certain powers to the Governor.

Power to bring other islands under operation of Act.

Ch. 107. Leeward Idands. 34 & 35 VICTEL

27. The Council shall at its first meeting, and may from time to time afterwards, as occasion may require, adopt standing rules and orders for the orderly conduct of business* which rules and orders shall take effect when confirmed by the Governor.

28. The expenses of such establishments as are common to all the Leeward Islands, other than the remuneration and travelling expenses of the members of the Council, shall be fixed by the Council, and shall, until otherwise apportioned by the Council, be divided into sixteen parts, which shall be charged as follows: —

Antigua - - 5 parts.

St. Christopher - 4 ft

Dominica - 3 n

Nevis - 2 it

Montserrat - 1 tt

Virgin Islands - 1 V

Such charges, however, as may be incurred in respect of immigration shall be shared only by such islands as may elect to participate therein.

29. An estimate of such expenses shall be every year prepared by the General Government and laid before the Council, and when passed by the Council shall be published in the Leeward Islands; and after such publication the Governor may, from time to time, as the occasion shall require, draw on the public treasury of each presidency for the whole or any part of the amount due from such presidency.

30. The Council may, by any law or laws, alter from time to time any of the provisions of this Act: Provided that every such law shall be reserved by the said Governor for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure.

31. The term Governor or officer administering the Government, when used in any island enactment heretofore passed, shall, after this Act shall come into operation, and until otherwise provided by the Island Legislature, be taken to mean the Governor of the Leeward Islands or any other person appointed in that behalf by writing under his hand and under the Public Seal of the Presidency.

33. The powers conferred on Her Majesty by the fifth, sixth, and ninth sections of this Act may be exercised by instructions or warrants under the Royal Sign Manual and Signet, or may be delegated to the Governor by letters patent under the great seal of the United Kingdom; and such instructions, warrants, or letters patent may be issued before this Act shall come into operation in the Leeward Islands.

88. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, from time to time, on address from the Legislative Body of any of the West Indian Islands not included in this Act and from the Council, to bring such island under the operation of this Act, on such terms and conditions in each

1871. Leeward Islands. Ch. 107, 108. 553

case as are in the addresses expressed, and as Her Majesty thinks fit to approve, and the provisions of any Order in Council in that behalf shall have effect as if they had been enacted by the Imperial Parliament.

CHAP. 108.

An Act to regulate and control the Discharge of Paupers from Workhouses and Wards provided for the Casual Poor.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS doubts are entertained as to the length of " time for which paupers may be lawfully required to remain in workhouses after giving notice of their intention to discharge themselves therefrom; and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed, and that further provision should be made for regulating and controlling the discharge of paupers from workhouses and wards provided for wayfarers and wanderers, for dealing with disorderly paupers in the workhouse, and for the suppression of vagrancy:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Pauper Inmates Dis- Short title, charge and Regulation Act, 1871."

2. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

3. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, words Interpretation, have the same meaning as in the Poor Law Amendment

Act, 1834, and the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and the several Acts amending and extending those Acts respectively:

The term "casusd ward" means any ward or wards, building or premises, set apart or provided for the reception and relief of destitute wayfarers and wanderers:

The term "casual pauper" means any destitute wayfarer or wanderer applying for or receiving relief:

The term "union" includes any parish under a separate board of guardians:

The term "Poor Law Board " in this Act shall be construed to apply to the Local Government Board as and when the same is established.

4. The guardians of any union may direct that any pauper Certain

inmate of the workhouse, or the paupers of any class therein, ^ned^ shall be detained in the workhouse, after giving notice to the work-quit the same, for times not exceeding the limited periods house for herein-after mentioned; that is to say, limited periods.

1. If the pauper has not previously discharged himself

from the workhouse within one month before giving the notice, twenty-four hours:

2. If he has discharged himself once or oftener within such

month, forty-eight hours:

SS4

Provisoes.

Discharge of and detention of casual paupers.

Provisoes

(metropolis).

Diet and discipline of casual paupers.

C. 108. Pauper InmatesDisdiargeandRegulation. 34 & 35Ylcr.

3. If he has discharged himself more than, twice within two months before giving the notice, seventy-two hours:

And every such pauper shall be detained in the work-house for the time specified accordingly.

Provided as follows: —

(1.) That the guardians may from time to time alter or rescind such direction; and they, or, in the interval between their meetings, the visiting committee whose direction shall be entered in the visitors book, may exempt, either wholly or partially, any pauper from the operation of this section:

(2.) That the master or other person having charge of the workhouse may, if the board of guardians be not sitting or the visiting committee be not in attendance, discharge any pauper to whom this section shall apply before the expiration of any such period as aforesaid if any circupistances shall in his opinion require this to be done, and shall report the facts of the case to the board of guardians at their next meeting:

(3.) That this section shall not apply to casual paupers.

5. A casual pauper shall not be entitled to discharge himself from a casual ward before eleven o'clock in the morning on the day following his admission, nor before he has performed the work prescribed for him, as herein-after mentioned; and where a casual pauper has been admitted on more than two occasions during one month into any casual ward of the same union, he shall not be entitled to discharge himself before nine o'clock in the morning of the third day after his admission, and he may at any time during that interval be removed by any officer of the guardians, or by a police constable, to the workhouse of the union, and be required to remain in such workhouse for the remainder of the period of his detention.

Provided, with respect to the metropolis, as follows:

(1.) That in determining the number of admissions of a casual pauper every casual ward in the metropolis shall be deemed to be a casual ward of the same union:

(2.) That the expression "workhouse of the unionn in this section shall include any workhouse and any asylum provided under the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, for the reception and setting to work of the casual poor, to which the casual poor of the union can be sent.

6. Every casual pauper shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be admitted, dieted, and set to work and discharged in such manner and shall be subject to such regulations as the Poor Law Board shall prescribe, and the work so prescribed shall supersede any task of work prescribed under

555

section five of the fifth and sixth Victoria, chapter fifty-seven.

7. Any pauper who — Casual paupers

(1.) Absconds or escapes from or leaves any casual ward

before he is entitled to discharge himself therefrom; deemed idle or sad disorderly

(2.) Refuses to be removed to any workhouse or asylum undf!r

under the provisions of this Act; or (3.) Absconds or escapes from or; leaves any workhouse or asylum during the period for which he may be detained therein; or,

(4.) Refuses or neglects, whilst an inmate of any # casual ward, workhouse, or asylum to do the work or observe the regulations prescribed; or (5.) Wilfully gives a false name or makes a false statement for the purpose of obtaining relief, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly person within the meaning of section three of the fifth George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three.

And every pauper who — and after first

(1.) Commits any of the offences before mentioned after or having been previously convicted as an idle and dothes/roguee disorderly person; or and vagabonds

(2.) Wilfully destroys or injures his own clothes or damages any of the property of the guardians, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of section four of the same Act.

Provided that in the case of a pauper suffering from bodily disease of an infectious or contagious character absconding or escaping from or leaving any workhouse or asylum as aforesaid, the justice convicting him of the offence may suspend the execution of the warrant of commitment, and may order the pauper to be taken back to such workhouse or asylum, there to remain until he shall be cured or otherwise lawfully discharged therefrom, and when he shall be cured the warrant of commitment shall be put in execution by order of the said justice or some other justice having jurisdiction in the place; any officer of such workhouse or asylum, or any constable, may apprehend the pauper who may have so absconded or escaped from or left the same, and take him before a justice without having previously obtained a summons or warrant, and upon the order of the justice take him back to the workhouse or asylum:

And provided also, that where any casual pauper is taken before a justice charged with any offence under this Act the justice may, if he think fit, grant a certificate to the person who has preferred the charge for the amount of the expenses incurred by him in relation thereto, and such certificate shall have the same effect, and the amount mentioned therein shall be paid and recovered in like maimer, as in the case of a certificate granted by justices in petty sessions under

3 A 2

Workhouse officers may take disorderly pauper before justices, without warrant.

Guardians to provide proper casual wards.

Provision as to asylums for the casual poor in the metropolis.

This Act to take effect notwithstanding sect. 5. of the 5 & 6 Vict c. 57.

Ch. 108, 109. Pauper In/mates Discharge, &c. 34 & 35 Vict.

section fourteen of the Act of the eighteenth and nineteenth years of Victoria, chapter one hundred and twenty-six.

8. The master or porter of the workhouse or the officer having charge of the casual wards of any union may take before a justice having jurisdiction therein any inmate of the workhouse or casual wards who shall be charged with any disorderly conduct, offence, or misbehaviour therein, punishable upon summary conviction, without any summons or warrant, and may, if such inmate shall be committed by the justice to gaol and no constable shall be present to execute the warrant, convey him to such gaol unless a constable % shall be found to whom he may deliver him to be conveyed, according to the exigency of the warrant; and for the purposes of this clause such master, porter, or officer shall have all the powers and authorities of a constable.

9. The guardians of every union shall provide within their respective unions such casual wards, with such fittings and furniture as the Poor Law Board, in their judgment, regard being had to the number of casual paupers likely to require relief therein, shall consider necessary.

10. Where any district hereafter formed by the Poor Law Board for the relief of the casual poor or any other class or classes under section six of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, is conterminous with any district previously formed under the same section for the relief of some other class or classes, the Poor Law Board may by order direct that the managers of any such last-mentioned district shall be the managers also of all or any of the districts conterminous with it which may be subsequently formed; and the expenses of providing any asylum for the reception and relief of the casual poor under section five of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and the maintenance of such poor therein, shall be repayable in like manner as expenses for the provision of wards for the same class of poor under section sixty-nine of the said Act.

11. The provisions contained in this Act with respect to the discharge and detention of paupers shall take effect and may be enforced notwithstanding the provision contained in section five of the fifth and sixth Victoria, chapter fifty-seven, limiting the time for which inmates of workhouses may be detained therein for the performance of a task of work.

CHAP. 109.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Local Government of Towns and populous Places in Ireland* [21st August 1871.]

Tl/ WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to the local government of towns and populous places in Ireland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

1871. Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109. 557

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871.

2. This Act shall commence and take effect on the first day Commence-of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one. ment of Act '

3. In the construction of this Act — Interpretation,

The term "Lord Lieutenant" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being, and shall include

the Lords Justices or other Chief Governors or Governor of Ireland for the time being;

The term "Chief Secretary" shall mean the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant;

The term "governing body," in the several places mentioned in the first column of the schedule annexed to this Act, shall mean the persons or bodies of persons in that behalf described in the second column of the said schedule;

The term "town " in relation to any governing body, shall mean the area within which such governing body has jurisdiction;

The term "special Act " in relation to any governing body shall mean and include any and every Act of Parliament under the provisions of which such governing body is constituted or in the execution of which such governing body is acting;

The term "principal Act" shall mean " The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854*;"

The term "Lands Clauses Acts" shall mean and include "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," as the same is amended by " The Bail ways Act (Ireland), 1851, "

" The Railways Act (Ireland), 1860," " The Railways Act (Ireland), 1804," and "The Railways Traverse Act;"

The term "court" shall mean the Court of Common Pleas at Dublin;

The term "rules of court" shall mean rules to be made by the court under the authority of Part I. of this Act; and

The term "prescribed" shall mean u prescribed by the rules of court "

PART I.

General Provisions.

Provisional Orders. — Purchase of Land.

4. The governing body of any town may for any of the Power to pur-purposes of the special Act purchase, take upon lease, sell, chaselands* or exchange any lands, subject to the following regulations:—

(1.) The Lands Clauses Act shall be incorporated with this Regulations Act, except the provisions relating to access to the elating to special Act; and in the construction of the Lands 8UC purc a8e' Clauses Acts, for the purposes of any provisional 3 A 3

Ctt.109.

Publication

of notices.

Service of notices.

Power to governing body to petition Chief Secretary upon matters herein stated.

Local Ooverwmeml (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

order under this Act, conferring powers for the taking of land, the term "special Act" shall mean the Act confirming such order; the expression "the date of the passing of the special Act" shall mean the date of the passing of the Act confirming such order; and the expression "the promoters of the undertaking" shall mean the governing body of the town to which such provisional order relates:

(2.) The governing body, before putting in force any of the powers of the Lands Clauses Act with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, shall

Publish, once at the least in each of three consecutive weeks in the month of November in some newspaper circulated in the town an advertisement describing shortly the purposes in respect of which the lands are proposed to be taken, naming a place in the town where a plan of the proposed undertaking may be seen at all reasonable hours, and stating the quantity of lands required; and shall farther Serve a notice in the month of December, in manner herein-after mentioned, on every owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier of such lands, defining in each case the particular land intended to be taken, and requiring an answer, stating whether the person so served assents, dissents, or is neuter in respect of the taking such lands; such notice is to be served by

Delivery of the same personally on the party required to be served, or, if such party is absent abroad, to his agent; or by Leaving the same at the usual or last known place of abode of such party as aforesaid; or by Forwarding the same by post in a registered letter addressed to the usual or last known place of abode of such party:

(3.) Upon compliance with the preceding provisions of this section with respect to advertisements and notices, the governing body may, if they think fit, present a petition under their seal to the Chief Secretary: The petition shall state the lands intended to be taken, the purposes for which the same are required, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of such lands who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking such lands, or who have returned no answer to the notice; It shall pray that the governing body may, with reference to such lands, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and

1871. Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109.

taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and such prayer shall be supported by such evidence as the Chief Secretary requires:

(4.) Upon the receipt of such petition, and upon due proof of the proper advertisements having been published and notices Berved, the Chief Secretary shall take such petition into consideration, and may either dismiss the same or direct an inquiry in the district in which the land is situate, or otherwise inquire as to the propriety of assenting to the prayer of such petition; but until such inquiry has been made in the district, after such notice as may be directed by the Chief Secretary, no. provisional order shall be made affecting any lands, without the consent of the owners, leasees, and occupiers thereof:

(5.) After the completion of the inquiry as last aforesaid the Chief Secretary may, by provisional order, empower the governing body to put in force with reference to the land referred to in such order the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, or any of them, and either absolutely or with such conditions and modifications as he may think fit, and it shall be the duty of the governing body to serve a copy of any order so made in the manner and upon the person in which and upon whom notices in respect of such land are hereinbefore required to be served:

(6.) No provisional order so made shall be of any validity unless the same has been confirmed by Act of Parliament, and it shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary, as soon as conveniently may be, to obtain such confirmation, and the Act confirming such order shall be deemed to be a public general Act of Parliament: (7.) All lands and premises which shall be purchased, hired, or taken on lease by the governing body of any non-corporate town shall be conveyed, demised, and assured to such governing body and their successors in trust for the purposes of the special Act, and shall be accepted, taken, and held by them as a body corporate.

5. Whenever it appears desirable to the governing body of any town, or to the majority of the ratepayers in any district adjoining or forming part of any town,

That any district adjoining or forming part of such town should be incorporated with or separated from such town; or

Whenever it appears desirable to the governing body of any town that provision should be made

To transfer from the grand jury or grand juries of the county or counties within which such town is situate to such

559

Chief Secretary may direct inquiry;

and may make

provisional

order.

No provisional order valid until confirmed by Parliament.

Conveyance to governing bodies of non-corporate towns.

Provisional Orders for purposes other than putting in force Lands Clauses Acts. Incorporation with or separation from town.

Transfer of powers of grand jury.

560 Cft. 109. Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

execution or repeal of local Acts.

Petition to Chief Secretary.

Power of Chief Secretary on receipt of petition,

to issue order, and obtain consent of district and town.

governing body the jurisdiction, power, and authority with respect to roads, bridges, footpaths, and public works within such town, vested in such grand jury or grand juries under any Act or Acts; and To prevent such grand jury or grand juries, after such transfer, from making any presentment with regard to any road, bridge, footpath, or other public work within such town; and To provide for the due payment of the balance of the grand jury cess to which such town will then, in future, be liable; and

To authorise the making and levying of further rates in addition to and in excess of the maximum amount of rates authorised to be made and levied by the governing body of such town to enable them to defray the expenses consequent upon and incident to such transfer from the grand jury when the maximum amount of rates authorised is insufficient to defray such expenses as aforesaid; or To provide for the future execution of any local and personal Act in force within such town, having relation to the purposes of the special Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon corporations, companies, undertakers, or individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit; or that any such local and personal Act, or any exemptions from rating derived therefrom, or any provisional order, or any Act confirming any provisional order under this Act, so far as the same relates to such town, should be wholly or partially repealed or altered, —

(1.) They may present a petition to the Chief Secretary praying for such incorporation, separation, provisions, repeal, and alteration as aforesaid, or for any of such things, and such petition shall be supported by such evidence as the Chief Secretary requires:

(2.) Upon the receipt of any such petition inquiry may be directed by the Chief Secretary in the town or district, or otherwise as he may think fit, as to the genuineness of the petition and in respect of the several matters mentioned therein, after giving fourteen days notice of th6 time, place, and subject of the inquiry:

(3.) It shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary to issue a provisional order in relation to the several matters mentioned in the petition, and either in accordance with the prayer thereof, or with such modifications as may be requisite; and when the order provides for the incorporation of any district with a town, or the separation of any district from a town, or for the transfer of the powers of any grand jury or grand juries to the governing body of any town, or for any increase of rates, a person

1871. Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109. 561

appointed for that purpose by the Chief Secretary shall proceed to the town for the purpose of obtaining the consent to such order of the district which it is proposed should be incorporated, or of the district to be separated, and of the town with which such incorporation, or from which such separation, is proposed, and, in case of such transfer from the grand jury or grand juries, the consent of the town:

(4.) The consent of such district or town shall be testified Consents, how by a resolution passed by a majority of the rate- testified* payers resident in any such district or town, assembled at a meeting convened for the purpose; and the person appointed as aforesaid shall, for the purpose of obtaining such consents, have power to convene meetings of the ratepayers of any district or town, giving fourteen days notice of the time, place, and subject of such meetings, and to do all such matters and things as may be expedient for that purpose:

(5.) In the case of a meeting of the ratepayers of any Provision as district or town, the ratepayers present shall elect meetings a chairman; and a declaration by the chairman 0 ratepayer8' that the opinion of the meeting is in favour or against any resolution, as the case may be, shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be sufficient evidence that the resolution is passed: The person appointed as aforesaid shall have power to attend any such meeting:

(6.) In the case of the transfer of such powers as aforesaid from any grand jury or grand juries, such grand jury or grand juries shall be proved to consent thereto, and the consent of a grand jury shall be testified by a presentment to that effect:

(7.) Whenever such consents as aforesaid have been Secretary of obtained and proved in the cases in which they Sta*f10 °.btain are herein-before required, the Chief Secretary of order. °n shall, as soon as conveniently may be, take all necessary steps for the confirmation of such order by Act of Parliament; but previously to such confirmation it shall not be of any validity whatever, and every Act of Parliament confirming such order shall be deemed a public general Act.

The term "ratepayers " in this section means, in relation to Definition of any town, persons qualified to vote at any election of members ers"

of the governing body of such town, and, in relation to any -m this section, district adjoining any town, persons who, if such district formed part of such town, would, in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments in such district, be qualified to vote at any election of members of the governing body of such town.

562

Extension of borrowing powers in certain cases.

Ch. 109.

Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35. Vict.

Powers for inquiry directed by Chief Secretary.

In case of petition, Bill confirming pro-yisionS order may be referred to select committee.

6. Where the governing body of any town, exercising the borrowing powers of the special Act, has contributed to, purchased, or executed works of sewerage and water supply, or proposes to contribute to, purchase, or execute such works, it shall be lawful for the governing body of such town Board to present a petition to the Chief Secretary praying for powers to borrow or reborrow for such works on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the special Act, an amount not exceeding two years assessable value of the premises assessable within the town in respect of which such money may be borrowed or re-borrowed, such amount to be repaid within such period not exceeding fifty years as such governing body, with the sanction of the Chief Secretary, shall in each case determine; and it shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary to direct inquiry on such petition, and to issue a provisional order thereupon, and to take steps for the confirmation of any such provisional order by Act of Parliament in the manner sanctioned in the preceding section.

7. Any person directed by the Chief Secretary to inquire into any matter into which such Secretary is empowered to direct inquiry under this Act may, for the purposes of such inquiry, summon before him any person whomsoever, and examine them upon oath or otherwise touching any matter relating to the purposes of such inquiry, and he may by any such summons require any officer of or acting under any corporation, guardians, or directors of the poor, and any commissioner, trustee, officer, or person acting under any Local Act of Parliament in force within the district or place to which any such inquiry may relate, to produce before him any surveys, plans, sections, rate books, or other like documents which may by reason of their office be in their custody or control touching any matter relating to the purposes of such inquiry, and may examine, inspect, or take copies of any such books, surveys, plans, sections, and documents, or any of them, or part thereof; and whosoever wilfully disobeys any such summons, or prevents any such person directed as aforesaid from examining, inspecting, or taking copies as last aforesaid, or refuses to answer any question put to him by such person for the purposes of the said inquiry, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided always, that no person shall be required to attend in obedience to any such summons unless the reasonable charges of his attendance shall have been paid or tendered to him; and no person shall be required in any case, in obedience to any such summons, to travel more than ten miles from his place of abode.

8. In case any petition shall be presented to either House of Parliament against any provisional order under the authority of this Act, in the progress through Parliament of the Bill confirming the same, the Bill, so far as it relates to the order so petitioned against, may be referred to a select committee,

563

1871- Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109.

and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of private Bills.

9. All costs, charges, and expenses incurred by the Chief Costs, how to Secretary in relation to any provisional order under this Act be defrayed' shall, to such amount as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury think proper to direct, become a charge upon the

rates levied in the town to which such order relates, and shall be repaid to the said Commissioners as they shall direct, either in one sum, or by annual instalments, not exceeding five, together with interest after the yearly rate of five pounds in the hundred, to be computed from the date of any such order, upon so much of the principal sum due in respect of the said costs, charges, and expenses as may from time to time remain unpaid.

Markets.

10. The governing body of any town shall, with the consent Power of goof two thirds of the members of such governing body, have the

power to do the following things or any of them within their markets, town:

(1.) To provide a market-place, and construct a market-house and other conveniences, for the purpose of holding markets:

To provide houses and places for weighing carts:

To make convenient approaches to such market:

To provide all such matters and things as may be necessary for the convenient use of such market:

To purchase or take on lease land, and public or private rights in markets, and tolls, for any of the foregoing purposes:

To take stallages, rents, and tolls in respect of the use by any person of such market-place:

But no market or slaughter-house shall be established in pursuance of this section so as to interfere with any rights, powers, or privileges enjoyed within the town by any person, chartered joint-stock or incorporated company, without his or their consent:

(2.) For the purpose of enabling any governing body to Provisions of establish markets in the manner aforesaid, or to 1^s^ct* regulate markets already established in any town, markets, &c. there shall be incorporated with this Act the pro- incorporated, visions of "The Markets and Fairs Clauses Act,

184*7," in so far as the same relate to markets:

With respect to the holding of the market or fair, and the protection thereof; and With respect to the weighing goods and carts; and

With respect to the stallages, rents, and tolls; and With respect to byelaws:

564 Ch. 109. Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

Subject to this proviso, that all tolls leviable by the governing body in pursuance of this section shall be approved by the Chief Secretary.

Provided always, that in case there shall be in foroe within any town the provisions of any Act or Acts for effecting objects the same as or similar to those of this section, but in different modes, the governing body of such town may proceed under the said Act or Acts, or under this Act, according as it shall seem best to such governing body.

Audit of Accounts.

Audit of 1L The accounts of the receipts and expenditure of the

accounts. governing body of every town in Ireland, except the boroughs or municipalities of Cork, Kilkenny, and Waterford, shall be audited and examined once in every year by the auditor of accounts relating to the relief of the poor for the union in which such town or the greater part thereof is situate, unless such auditor be a contractor for any articles or things supplied to, or be a member of the governing body of such town, or unless such auditor is unable to undertake the duties incident to such audit, in any of which cases such accounts shall be audited by such auditor of accounts relating to the relief of the poor for any other union, or by such other person as may, from time to time, be appointed by the Chief Secretary for that purpose.

Duties of 12. Every auditor acting in pursuance of this Act shall

auditor; and examine into the matter of every account which is to be decision otfin8t au<lited by him, and' shall disallow and strike out of every auditor. such account all payments, charges, and allowances made by any person and charged upon the funds of any town contrary to law, or which he deems to be unfounded, and shall surcharge the same upon the person making or authorising the making of the illegal payment, and shall certify the same to be due from such person, and upon application by any party aggrieved shall state in writing at the foot of such account the reasons for his decision in respect of such disallowance or surcharge, and also of any allowance which he may have made; and it shall be lawful for every person aggrieved by any such allow* ance and for every person aggrieved by such disallowance or surcharge, if such last-mentioned person have first paid or delivered over to any person authorised to receive the same all such money, goods, and chattels as are admitted by his account to be due from him or remaining in his hands, to apply to the Court of Queen's Bench for a writ of certiorari to remove into the said court the said allowance, disallowance, or surcharge, in the like manner and subject to the like conditions as are provided in respect of persons suing forth writs of certioErari for the removal of orders of justices of the peace, except that the condition of the recognizance shall be, to prosecute such certiorari, at the costs and charges of such person, without any

1871. Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109. 565

wilful or affected delay, and if such allowance, disallowance, or surcharge be confirmed, to pay to such auditor or his successor, within one month after the same may be confirmed, his full costs and charges, to be taxed according to the course of the said court, and except that the notice of the intended application, which shall contain a statement of the matter complained of, shall be given to such auditor or his successor, who shall in return to such writ return a copy under his hand of the entry or entries in such book of account to which such notice shall refer, and shall appear before the said court, and defend the allowance, disallowance, or surcharge so impeached in the said court, and shall be reimbursed all such costs and charges as he may incur in such defence out of the rates which the governing body of the town interested in the decision of the question have power to make, unless the said court make any order to the contrary; and that, on the removal of such allowance, disallowance, or surcharge, the said court shall decide the particular matter of complaint set forth in such statement, and no other; and if it appear to such court that the decision of the said auditor was erroneous, they shall, by rule of the court, order such sum of money as may have been improperly allowed, disallowed, or surcharged to be paid to the party entitled thereto by the party who ought to repay or discharge the same; and they may also, if they see fit, by order of the court, direct the costs of the person prosecuting such certiorari to be paid out of rates which the governing body have power to make, as to such court may seem fit; which orders of court respectively shall be enforced in like manner as other orders of the said court are enforceable.

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any person aggrieved as aforesaid by any allowance, disallowance, or surcharge, in lieu of making application to the Court of Queen's Bench for a writ of certiorari, to apply to the Chief Secretary to inquire into and to decide upon the lawfulness of the reasons stated by the auditor for such allowance, disallowance, or surcharge, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the Chief Secretary to issue such order therein, under his hand, as he may deem requisite for determining the question.

13. Every sum certified to be due from any person by the As to recovery auditor under this Act shall be paid by such person to the of disallow-treasurer of the governing body "within fourteen days after ance8' the same shall have been so certified, unless there be an appeal against the decision; and if such sum is not so paid, and there is no such appeal, the auditor shall recover the same from the person against whom the same has been certified to be due, by the like process and with the like powers as in the case of sums certified upon the audit of the poor rate accounts, and shall be paid by the governing body all such costs and expenses, including a reasonable compensation for his loss of time incurred by him iu such proceedings, as are not recovered by him from such person.

Poorer of auditor to summon witnesses, &c.

Penalties for giving false evidence, or refusing to give evidence.

liemuneration of auditor.

Notice of audit, &c.

Ch. 109. Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

14. For the purpose of any audit of accounts under this Act, every auditor may, by summons in writing, require the production before him of all books, deeds, contracts, accounts, vouchers, and all other documents and papers which he may deem necessary, and may require any person holding or accountable for any such books, deeds, contracts, accounts, vouchers, documents, or papers to appear before him at any such audit or any adjournment thereof, and if thereunto required by such auditor to verify on oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation every such auditor is hereby authorised to administer or take)'the truth of all such accounts and statements from time to time respectively, or subscribe a declaration as to the correctness of the same.

15. If any person upon any examination under the authority of this Act shall wilfully give false evidence, or wilfully make or subscribe a false declaration, he shall on being convicted thereof suffer the pains and penalties of perjury; and if any person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to attend in obedience to any summons of any auditor, or to give evidence, or shall wilfully alter, suppress, conceal, destroy, or refuse to produce any books, deeds, contracts, accounts, vouchers, documents, or papers, or copies of the same, which may be required to be produced for the purposes of this Act, to any auditor authorised by this Act to require the production thereof, every person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.

16. Every auditor shall in respect of each audit under this Act be paid out of the funds of the town in respect of which such audit shall have been held, such reasonable remuneration, not being less than two guineas for every day in which he is employed in such audit, as the governing body of such town may from time to time appoint, together with his expenses of travelling to and from the place of audit.

17. Before each audit of the accounts of any town under this Act, —

(1.) The governing body of such town shall, after receiving from the auditor the requisite appointment, give twenty days notice of the time and place at which such audit will be made, by advertisement in some one or more of the public newspapers circulated in such town; and

(2.) The governing body of such town shall cause a copy of the accounts which are to be audited, together with all books, deeds, contracts, accounts, bills, vouchers, and receipts mentioned or referred to in such accounts, to be deposited in the office of the town clerk, or other proper officer, of every such town, and the same shall be open, during office hours thereat, to the inspection of all persons interested for seven days before the audit; and all such persons shall be at liberty to take copies of or extracts from the same without fee or reward, and tho production of the newspaper con-

567

Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109.

taining such notice shall be deemed to be sufficient proof of the notice of audit od any proceeding whatever.

18. Within fourteen days after the completion of the audit of the accounts of any town the auditor shall report upon the accounts audited and examined, and shall deliver or transmit such report, with an abstract of the accounts, to the Chief Secretary, and a copy of the same to the governing body of such town, and the said governing body shall cause the same to be deposited in the office of the town clerk, or other proper officer, of such town, and shall publish an abstract of such accounts in some one or more of the newspapers circulated in the district in which such town is situate.

Arbitration.

19. Where any dispute arises between any person whatsoever and the governing body of any town in relation to the execution of the special Act, or to any act, matter, or thing incident to or consequent upon the execution of the same, and where the method of determining any such question in dispute is not expressly provided for, such question may, if the parties so desire, be settled by arbitration in manner prescribed by the Railway Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the settlement of disputes by arbitration.

Controverted Elections.

20. Where any person who voted or who was qualified to vote at any election of members of the governing body of any town thinks that there was, in respect of the election of any member of such governing body, any undue or unlawful proceeding, or that such member was not at the time of such election duly qualified to act as such, it shall be lawful for such person, within one month after such election, to present a petition to the court complaining of such undue or unlawful proceeding, or that such member was not duly qualified as aforesaid.

Every such petition shall be in the prescribed form, and shall be delivered to the prescribed officer of the court.

Every person so petitioning shall within three days after lodging such petition deliver a copy of such petition to the clerk of the governing body, and to any member of such governing body in respect of whose election such petition has been presented.

At the time of the delivery of the petition to the prescribed officer, or within three days afterwards, security for the payment of all costs, charges, and expenses that may become payable by the petitioner —

(a.) To any person summoned as a witness on his behalf, or

(5.) To the member whose election or return is complained

of,

shall be given on behalf of the person presenting the petition.

3 B 2

Publication of accounts.

Disputes may be settled by arbitration.

Persons qualified to vote may petition against election.

568

Rules to be made by court.

Repeal of section 60 of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90.

Recovery of penalties under 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90.

Ch. 109. Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

The security shall be to an amount of one hundred pounds; it shall be given either by recognizance to be entered into by any number of sureties not exceeding four, or by a deposit of money in manner prescribed, or partly in one way and partly in the other.

As soon as conveniently maybe after the presenting of such petition and the giving of such security, but not sooner than ten days thereafter, the court or one of the judges thereof shall proceed to inquire into and decide upon the matters and allegations contained in such petition, and shall have power to take evidence upon oath, and to compel the attendance of witnesses, and shall have all and the same powers, jurisdiction, and authority as in other cases coming within the jurisdiction of the court, and shall either confirm the election, or order a new election, or make such order and give such relief in the premises as to them or him may seem right, and such decision and orders shall in all respects be final and conclusive upon all parties.

Where the court or judge has declared that the election of any member of the governing body of any town was void, such member shall cease to act as such, and there shall be a vacancy in such governing body, which vacancy shall be filled by the election of a new member by the persons qualified to vote at such election, according to the provisions of the special Act in respect of the election of members.

2L The court may from time to time make, and may from time to time revoke and alter, general rules and orders for the regulation of the practice, procedure, and costs of petitions under the authority of this part of this Act, and the trial thereof.

Any general rules and orders made as aforesaid shall be deemed to be within the powers conferred by this part of this Act, and shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in the body of this part of this Act.

Any general rules and orders made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament.

Amendment and Application of certain Acts relating to Public Health.

22. The sixtieth section of the Sanitary Act, 1866, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that in Ireland penalties under the said Act and expenses or compensation thereby directed to be recovered in a summary manner, and nuisances and other offences liable to be prosecuted summarily, shall be recovered and prosecuted with respect to the police district of Dublin metropolis, subject and according to the provisions of any Act regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district

1871. Local Government (Ireland)) Ch. 109. 569

or of the police of such district, and with respect to other parts of Ireland, before a justice or justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions, subject and according to the provisions of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the same, and all penalties recovered by any authority under the said Act shall be paid to them respectively, and by them applied in aid of their expenses under the said Act.

Any order authorised to be made by justices under the said Act shall be deemed to be an order made upon a complaint on which justices are authorised to make orders under the said Acts.

23. The provisions of the Sanitary Act, 1868, and the Application to Sanitary Loans Act, 1869, shall, notwithstanding anything

in the said Acts to the contrary, apply to Ireland with the Act, i86^and

modifications following; that is to say, the term "sewer the Sanitary

authority " in the said Acts shall have the same meaning Act»

that it has in the Sanitary Act, 1866; the term "local rate99

in the said Acts shall have the same meaning as it has in the

eighth section of the Sanitary Act, 1868: Provided always,

that in any town where the sewer authority have not the

power to make any such local rate, the said term shall include

a rate which such sewer authority is hereby authorised to

assess and levy, and which rate shall be assessed upon and

levied from the persons and in the manner and with the like

remedies in case of default in payment as if the same were

a general yearly assessment made by commissioners acting

in the execution of the principal Act under the authority of

section sixty of the said Act.

Penalties under any provisions incorporated with the Sanitary Act, 1868, shall be recovered and applied in like manner as penalties under the Sanitary Act, 1866.

All powers relating to the execution of the said Acts in England, and by the same vested in one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall, with regard to the execution of the said Acts in Ireland, be vested in the Lord Lieutenant

PART II.

Additional and Special Provisions,

Relating to the Local Government of Towns under the Principal Act or under special Acts incorporating said Act, in whole or in part.

24. The principal Act, so far as not inconsistent with Construction this part of this Act, and this Act shall be construed together of Act *

as, one Act.

25. When in any borough in which under the provisions On adoption of of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the

third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, under muni-intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corpora- cipai corporations in Ireland/' there are municipal commissioners acting of ^umdp^ in the execution of the said Act, and commissioners are elected corporation

3 B 3

Ch. 109.

to vest in commissioners.

Amendment of sect. 22 of principal Act.

Clerk to the commissioners to make out alphabetical list of persons entitled to vote.

Repeal of section 69 of principal Act. Power to borrow.

Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

under the provisions of the principal Act, then all the real and personal estate of such municipal commissioners, and any accumulation thereof, shall, forthwith without any conveyance thereof, vest in the commissioners elected under the provisions of the principal Act, and when such estate and accumulation have so vested in such commissioners the same shall be applied by such commissioners in aid of the rates to be levied by them under the principal Act, and the surplus thereof, if any, shall be applied by them for the public benefit of the inhabitants, and improvement of the borough.

26. So much of section twenty-two of the principal Act as enacts that the payment of poor rates and grand jury rates by any person shall be necessary for the purpose of qualifying such person to vote at the election of commissioners shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

27. The clerk to the commissioners, at least fifteen days before the day appointed for the annual election of commissioners in each year, shall make out an alphabetical list of the names of all persons, with their respective residences, entitled to vote at such election in respect of premises within the town as they appear in the rates made for the purposes of the principal Act, and also of all persons entitled to vote at such election in respect of property within the town.

Such list shall be evidence that the persona therein named are entitled to vote at the next annual election for commissioners, and also at any other election for one or more commissioners which may be held before the next annual list is made out.

The clerk to the commissioners shall forthwith cause to be printed copies of the list to be made out by him in every year as aforesaid, and shall deliver a copy of such list to all persons requiring the same, on the payment of the sum of one shilling for each copy, and shall cause a copy of such list to be fixed on or near the outer door of the office of the commissioners, and in some other public and conspicuous situation within the town, on every day during the ten days next preceding the day appointed for the election of the commissioners in each year.

Borrowing of Money.

28. The sixty-ninth section of the principal Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that the commissioners may from time to time, for the purpose of defraying any costs, charges, and expenses incurred or to be incurred by them in the execution of the principal Act or of any Act incorporating the said Act in whole or in part, borrow and take up at interest, on the credit of the rates authorised to be made or collected under the said Acts respectively, any sums of money necessary for defraying any such costs, charges, and expenses; and for the purpose of securing the repayment of any sums so borrowed, together

571

1871. Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109.

with such interest as aforesaid, the commissioners may mortgage to the persons by or on behalf of whom such sums are advanced the said rates or any of them; but the exercise of the above power shall be subject to the following regulations:

(1.) Such money shall not be borrowed until an estimate of the amount required has been laid before the commissioners, nor until the expiration of six weeks after public notice has been given by the commissioners of the amount so proposed to be borrowed, and the purpose to which the same is to be applied, in some newspaper in circulation within the town, nor unless the proposal to borrow shall be agreed to at the next meeting of the commissioners or some adjournment of the same held after the expiration of six weeks after such public notice s (2*) Such money shall not be borrowed except for permanent works, nor without the sanction of the Chief Secretary:

(3.) The amount of all moneys borrowed under the authority of this section shall not at any timeexceed in the whole the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable with the town in respect of which such money may be borrowed:

(4.) The money may be borrowed for such time, not exceeding thirty years, as the commissioners, with the sanction of the Chief Secretary, determine in each case; and subject as aforesaid, the commissioners may either pay off the moneys so borrowed by equal annual instalments, or they may in every year set apart as a sinking fund, and accumulate in the way of compound interest by investing the same in the purchase of exchequer bills or other Government securities, such sum as will be sufficient to pay off' the moneys so borrowed, or a part thereof, at such times as the commissioners may determine:

Provided always, that no commissioner or officer acting under them shall be personally liable for the repayment of any money so borrowed, but all such obligations shall be deemed and taken to be granted on the sole security of the said rates, and, save as above provided, so much of "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," as relates to mortgages to be executed by the commissioners shall be incorporated with and form part of this part of this Act.

Appeal against Rating.

29. If any person finds himself aggrieved by any rate Power of made by commissioners acting under the principal Act, or any special Act incorporating the said Act in whole or in part, ' or has any material objection to any person being put in or left out of such rate, or to the sum charged on any person

Power to determine appeal or amend rate, or quash the same and order a new rate.

If rate decreased amount thereof to be returned.

Fourteen days notice in writing to be given of appeal and grounds thereof.

Ch. 109. Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

therein, it shall be lawful for such person to appeal to any sessions of the peace to be held in the presence of the chairman of the county in which such commissioners have jurisdiction, within four calendar months next after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; or if such sessions shall be held before the expiration of one calendar month next after such cause of complaint, then such appeal shall be made to the next following sessions.

The chairman before whom such appeal shall be brought shall have power to hear and finally determine the matter of any appeal brought before him under this Act, and shall make such order therein as to him shall seem meet, which order shall be final and conclusive upon all parties; and he shall have power to order the name of any person interested or concerned in the event of such appeal, and having had notice thereof, as herein is provided, to be inserted in such rate, and to be rated at such sum or sums of money, or to order the name of any such person to be struck out of such rate, or the sum or sums at which any such person is rated therein to be altered, as the said chairman shall think right: Provided always, that the chairman to whom such appeal shall be made shall not examine or inquire into any other cause or ground of appeal than such as is stated and specified in the notice of appeal, nor alter any such rate with respect to other persons or matter than are mentioned and specified in the notice of appeal; but if upon an appeal from the whole of any rate it shall be found necessary to quash or set aside the same, the chairman shall quash the same, and shall in that case order the governing body to make a new rate, and they are hereby required to make the same accordingly.

If upon the hearing of any appeal from any rate under this Act, the chairman shall order the name of any person to be struck out of such rate, or the sum or sums rated on any person to be decreased or lowered, and if it shall be made to appear to the chairman that such person hath previously to the hearing of such appeal paid any sum or sums of money in consequence of such rate which he ought not to have been charged with, then and in every such case the chairman shall order all and every such sum and sums of money to be repaid by the said governing body, together with all reasonable costs, charges, and expenses occasioned by such person having been required to pay the same, to be recovered as penalties and forfeitures under this Act, in virtue of the provisions of which such rate shall have been mada

The person so appealing shall give or cause to be given at least fourteen days notice in writing of his or their intention of appealing as aforesaid, and of the matter or cause thereof, to the clerk of the commissioners, (and the chairman upon the hearing of such appeal shall not examine or inquire into any other cause or ground of appeal than such as is stated and specified in the notice of appeal; and if any person shall

1871. Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109. 578

appeal against a rate because any other person is rated therein at any greater or less sum than the net annual value of the hereditaments in respect of which such other person shall be rated, or for any cause that shall require any alteration to be made in such rates with respect to any other person, then and in every such case the person so appealing shall give such notice of appeal as aforesaid not only to the said clerk, but also to every other person so interested or concerned in the event of such appeal, and every such other person shall if he so desire be heard upon such appeal

Notwithstanding any such appeal or notice thereof, every rate shall be payable and shall be levied as if no appeal had been made until such rate shall be actually quashed or amended.

The chairman, upon hearing and finally determining the matter of any appeal, shall and may, according to his discretion, award such costs to the party appealing or appealed against os he shall think proper; and his determination in or concerning the premises shall be conclusive and binding on all parties to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

30. From and after the commencement of this Act the provisions of the principal Act which are herein-before amended shall, as amended by this part of this Act, be in force in every town or township in which the said provisions were adopted, or in which, under any special Act, the same or any of them or any modification or amendment of the same were in force prior to the commencement of this Act: Provided always, that where in any such special Act there are contained provisions for effecting the same or similar objects, the commissioners acting in execution of the said special Act may, with the consent of two thirds of their number, continue to proceed under the provisions of such special Act.

PART III.

Pending appeal, rate to be payable as if no appeal made.

Costs may be awarded.

Amendment of Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act to be in force on commencement of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

3L For the purpose of carrying this Act into execution LordLieu-it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, with the approval ten^a^ of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to appoint Treas^, °to such persons at such salaries as he may think necessary, appoint persons and from time to time to dismiss such persons and appoint others in their place. The persons so appointed shall act in the execution of this Act and form the Local Government Department of the Chief Secretary's Office; and the salaries of such persons shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament for that purpose.

82. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, no Exception of provision of the same shall be held to extend or to be applicable to any town within the county of Dublin wherein Dublin under the governing body have been constituted and are now special Acts, acting under the provisions of any special Act, unless and unle8*twith

Ch. 109.

Local Government (Ireland). 34 & 35 Vict.

until such sanction, consent, and approval shall have been given to the adoption of such provision by a special resolution of the persons qualified to vote at any election of the members of the governing body of such town, to be passed at a meeting summoned as herein-after mentioned.

Meetings for the purpose of passing any special resolution within the meaning of the preceding paragraph in any town shall be summoned on the requisition in writing of not less than thirty persons qualified to vote at any election of members of the governing body of such town by the chairman of such governing body, and a month's previous notice of the summoning of such meeting, stating the time and place where same is to be held, shall be given in some one or more newspaper or newspapers circulating within such town, and by causing copies of the same to be affixed to the principal doors of the places to which notices by such governing body are usually affixed.

The chairman of the governing body of such town, or in case of his absence some one of the governing body of such town appointed with the consent of the majority of the persons present at such meeting, shall be the chairman of such meeting. Such chairman shall propose to the meeting the resolution for the adoption of any provision of this Act, and the meeting shall decide by a majority of the persons qualified to vote at the election of members of the governing body of such town, and voting for or against such adoption: Provided always, that if any person qualified to vote as aforesaid shall demand that the adoption or rejection of such provision shall be decided by a poll, such poll shall be taken in the same way and of the persons qualified as aforesaid, and subject to the same conditions in all respects, so feu: as may be, as are prescribed by the special Act in force in such town with respect to the election of members of the governing body of such town.

Where any of the provisions of this Act are adopted by any such meeting and no poll is demanded, or where a poll is demanded and the demand is withdrawn at the instance of the person making the same, or where the poll has been taken and the adoption of any such provisions has been thereby decided, the chairman shall make and sign a declaration to that effect, and shall cause a copy of the same to be published in the Dublin Gazette. From and after the date of such publication any provision of this Act therein stated to have been adopted shall be in force within the town in which the same is stated in the said declaration to have been adopted, and the production of a copy of the Dublin Gazette, purporting to be printed and published by the Queen's authority, containing the publication of such declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the adoption of the said provision, and that all the proceedings required by this Act to be had for the adoption of the same were well and sufficiently had, and that such provision is in force within such town.

1871.

175

Local Government (Ireland). Ch. 109, 110.

SCHEDULE.

Description of Places.

Description of Governing Body.

The city of Dublin -

Towns corporate, with exception of Dublin.

Towns having Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act made in the 9th year of the reign of George the Fourth, intitided " An Act to make provision for the " Lighting, Cleansing, and Watch- mg of Cities and Towns Corporate u and Market Towns in Ireland in " certain caees.,

Towns having municipal commissioners under 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108.

Towns having town commissioners unde* the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854 (17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.), or under any Local Act.

Townships having commissioners under Local Acts.

The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Town Council.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Town Council. The Commissioners.

The Municipal Commissioners. The Town Commissioners.

The Township Commissioners.

CHAP. 110.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Merchant Shipping

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping Act, 1871.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Merchant Act to be Shipping Act, 1854?, and the Acts amending the same, and the M^ciumtWlth said Aots and this Act may be cited collectively as the Merchant Shipping Acts. Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1871.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence -

January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two. ment of Act *

Registry (Pari II. of Merchant Shipping Act, 1854).

4. Every British ship shall, before registry, be permanently Particulars to and conspicuously marked, to the satisfaction of the Commis- ^.m^on sioners of Customs, as follows; that is to say, registry0

Her name shall be marked on each of her bows, and her name and the name of her port of registry shall be marked

576

Ch. 110. Merchant Shipping Acte Amendment. 34 & 35 Vict.

on her stern, on a dark ground in white or yellow letters, of a length not less than four inches, and of proportionate breadth.

Her official number and the number denoting her registered tonnage shall be marked on her main beam.

A scale of feet shall be marked on her stem and on her stem post, in Roman capital letters or in figures, six inches in length, the lower line of such letters or figures to coincide with the draught line denoted thereby.

The Board of Trade may, however, exempt any class of ships from the requirements of this section, or any of them.

If the said scale of feet is in any respect inaccurate, so as to be likely to mislead, the owner of the ship shall incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds.

The marks required by this section shall be permanently continued, and no alteration shall be made therein except in the event of any of the particulars thereby denoted being altered in the manner provided by the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1871. Any owner or master of a ship who neglects to keep his ship marked as aforesaid, and any person who conceals, removes, alters, defaces, or obliterates, or suffers any person under his control to conceal, remove, alter, deface, or obliterate, any of the said marks, except in the event aforesaid, or except for the purpose of escaping capture by an enemy, shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds; and any principal officer of Customs may detain a ship which is insufficiently and inaccurately marked until the insufficiency or inaccuracy has been remedied; provided that no fishing vessel duly registered, lettered, and numbered in pursuance of the " Sea Fisheries Act, 1868," shall be required to have her name and port of registry marked under this section.

Ship's draught 5# The Board of Trade may, in any case or class of cases in rLoiSed.t0be ^hich they think it expedient so to do, direct any person appointed by them for the purpose to record, in such manner and with such particulars as the Board of Trade direct, the draught of water of any seargoing ship, as shown on the scale of feet on her stem and on her stern post, upon her leaving any dock, wharf, port, or harbour for the purpose of proceeding to sea; and such person shall thereupon keep such record, and shall from time to time forward the same, or a copy thereof, to the Board of Trade; and such record, or any copy thereof, if produced by or out of the custody of the Board of Trade, shall be admissible in evidence of the draught of water of the ship at the time specified in the record.

The master of every British sea-going ship shall, upon her leaving any dock, wharf, port, or harbour for the purpose of proceeding to sea, record her draught of water in the official logbook (if any), and shall produce such record to any principal officer of Customs whenever required by him so to do, or in default of such production shall incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

1871. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Os. 110. 577

6. With respect to the names of British ships, the following Rules to be

rules shall be observed: na^of*1

(1.) A ship shall not be described by any name other than ° that by which she is for the time being registered:

(2.) No change shall be made in the name of a ship without the previous permission of the Board of Trade signified in writing under their seal, or under the hand of one of their secretaries or assistant secretaries. Upon such permission being granted, the ship's name shall forthwith be altered in the register book, in the, ship's certificate of registry, and on her bows and stem:

(3.) If in any case it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that the name of any ship has been changed without such permission as aforesaid, they shall direct that her name be altered into that which she bore before such change, and the name shall be altered in the register book, in the ship's certificate of registry, and on her bows and stern accordingly:

(4.) Where a ship having once been registered has ceased to be so registered no person, unless ignorant of such previous registry, (proof whereof shall lie on him,) shall apply to register, and no registrar shall knowingly register, such ship, except by the name by which she was previously registered, unless with the permission of the Board of Trade granted as aforesaid.

Every person who acts or suffers any person under his control to act in contravention of this section, or who omits to do, or suffers any person under his control to omit to do, anything required by this section, shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, and any principal officer of Customs may detain the ship until the provisions of this section are complied with.

Application for a change of name shall be made in writing to the Board of Trade. If the Board are of opinion that the application is made on reasonable grounds they may entertain the same, and shall thereupon require notice thereof to be published in such form and manner as they think fit.

Masters and Seamen (Part III. of Merchant Shipping Act,

1854).

7. Whenever in any proceeding against any seaman or ap- Survey of

prentice belonging to any ship for desertion, or for neglecting 8hiP8 "^d r . ° . j, t pP, ° by seamen to

or refusing to jom or to proceed to sea m his ship, or for being xuse*-absent from or quitting the same without leave, it is alleged worthy, by one fourth of the seamen belonging to such ship, or, if the number of such seamen exceed twenty, by not less than five such seamen, that such ship is by reason unseaworthiness, overloading, improper loading, defective equipment^ or for any 3 C

578

Ch. 110. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. $4 & 35 Vide,

other reason, not in a fit condition to proceed to sea* or that the accommodation in such ship is insufficient, the court having cognizance of the case shall take such means as may be in their power to satisfy themselves concerning the truth or untruth of such allegation, and shall for that purpose receive the evidence of the person or persons making the same, and shall have power to summon any other witnesses whose evidence they may think it desirable to hear; the court shall thereupon, if satisfied that the allegation is groundless, proceed to adjudicate, but if not so satisfied shall cause such ship to be surveyed.

Provided that no seaman or apprentice charged with desertion, or with quitting his ship without leave, shall have any right to apply for a survey under this section unless previously to his quitting his ship he has complained to the master of the circumstances so alleged in justification.

For the purposes of this section, the court shall require any of the surveyors appointed by the Board of Trade, under the Merohant Shipping Act, 1854, or any person appointed for the purpose by the Board of Trade, or, if such surveyor or person cannot be obtained without unreasonable expense or delayer is not, in the opinion of the court, competent to deal with the special circumstances of the case, then any other impartial surveyor appointed by the court, and having no interest in the ship, her freight or cargo, to survey the ship, and to answer any question concerning her which the court may think fit to put. Such surveyor or other person shall survey the ship, and make his report in writing to the court, including aa answer to every question put to him by the court. The court shall cause such report to be communicated to the parties, and unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that the opinions expressed in such report are erroneous, the court shall determine the questions before them in accordance with those opinions.

For the purposes of such survey, a surveyor shall have all the powers of ail inspector appointed by the Board of Trade, under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

The costs (if any) of the survey shall be determined by the Board of Trade according to a scale of fees to be fixed by them, and shall be paid in the first instance out of the Mercantile Marine Fund.

If it. is proved to the satisfaction of the court that the ship is in a fit condition to proceed to sea, or, as the case may be, that the accommodation is sufficient, the costs of the survey shall be paid by the person or persons upon whose demand, or in consequence of whose allegation, the survey was made, and may be deducted by the master or owner out of the wages due or to become due to such person or persons, and shall be paid over to the Board of Trade.

If it is proved that the ship is not in a fit condition to proceed to sea, or, as the case may be, that the accommodation

579

1871. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendmmt. Ch. 110.

is insufficient, the costs of the survey shall be paid to the Board of Trade by the master or owner.

8. Any naval court may, if they think fit, direct a survey Power for of any ship which is the subject of an investigation held before them, and such survey shall be made in the same way, of and the surveyor who makes the same shall have the same powers, as if the survey had been directed by a competent

court in the course of proceedings against a seaman or apprentice for desertion or a kindred offence.

Safety (Part IV. of Merchant Shipping Act, 1854).

9. In every case of collision between two vessels it shall be In cases of the duty of the master of each vessel to give to the master col^81°°

j o in qtiwa

of the other vessel the name of his own vessel, and of her name> &c. port of registry, or of the port or place to which she belongs, of vessel, and also the names of the ports or places from which and to which she is bound.

Any failure to give such information, except under circumstances which render it impossible or unnecessary to do so (proof of which shall lie on the master failing to give it), shall involve the same consequences as failure to render assistance to the other vessel, or to the master, crew, or passengers thereof.

In this section the term "vessel " includes any vessel used in navigation, however propelled.

10. If complaint is made to the Board of Trade that any Power to British ship is, by reason of the defective condition of her hull

or equipments, unfit to proceed to sea, the Board may cause declare ship such ship to be surveyed by one of the surveyors appointed by unseaworthy. them, and if such surveyor report that the hull or equipments of such ship is or are in such a state that she could not proceed to sea without serious danger to human life, the Board of Trade may declare such ship to be unseaworthy, and thereupon any principal officer of Customs may detain such ship.

Every such complaint shall be in writing, and shall state the name and address of the complainant, and a copy of the complaint, including the name and address of the complainant, shall before or during such survey be given by the Board of Trade to the master or to an owner of the ship.

If, upon such survey, such ship is found to be seaworthy, the expenses of the survey shall be paid to the Board of. Trade by the person making the complaint, without prejudice to any right of suit or action against him by any person aggrieved by the complaint.

If, upon such survey, such ship is found to be unseaworthy, the expenses of the survey shall be paid to the Board of Trade by the owner of the ship.

Any shipowner who is dis-satisfied with the decision of a surveyor under this section may appeal to any of the courts mentioned in this section having jurisdiction in the place

3 C 2

Sending un-seaworthy ship to sea a misdemeanor.

Repeal of certain sections of

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104. and

18 & 19 Vict. c. 91.

where such ship was surveyed, and such court may, if they think fit, appoint one or more competent persons to survey such ship anew, and any surveyor so appointed shall have the powers of a surveyor appointed by the Board of Trade. Upon any such appeal the court may make such order as to the detention or discharge of the ship, as to the payment of any costs and damages which may have been occasioned by her detention, and as to the payment of the expenses of the original survey and of the survey anew, as to the court seems just.

The courts to which appeal may be made shall be —

In England, any court having jurisdiction under the County Court Admiralty Jurisdiction, 1868:

In Ireland, any court having jurisdiction under the Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867:

In Scotland, the court of the sheriff for the county.

11. Every person who, having authority as owner or otherwise to send a ship to sea, sends her to sea in an unseaworthy state so as to endanger the life of any person belonging to or on board the same, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, unless he proves that he used all reasonable means to make and keep the ship seaworthy, and was ignorant of such unseaworthiness, or that her going to sea in an unseaworthy state was, under the circumstances, reasonable and unavoidable, and for this purpose he may give evidence in the same manner as any other witness. A misdemeanor under this section shall not be punishable on summary conviction.

12. On and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, the twenty-fifth and thirty-fourth sections of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the thirteenth section of the Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1855, shall be repealed.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 35.

CHAP. 111.

An Act to amend " The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864," and for other purposes relating thereto.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for " more effectually regulating the sale of beer in Ireland," (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act, ") it was enacted, that it should not be lawful for any officer of excise in Ireland to grant a license or a transfer of a license for the sale of beer by retail to be drunk or consumed elsewhere than on the premises where sold to any person, without such person producing a certificate in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the said Act:

And whereas by section fourteen of the said Act it was further enacted, that, notwithstanding anything in the said

Beerhouses (Ireland).

Calll.

581

Act contained, the persons therein mentioned should not be required to produce a certificate under the said Act before obtaining the grant, renewal, or transfer of a license for the sale of beer by retail to be drunk or consumed elsewhere than on the premises:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act, and to make further and better provisions for regulating the granting of licenses for the purposes aforesaid:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as "The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act (1864) Amendment Act, 1871."

2. This Act shall not apply to England or Scotland.

3. In the construction of the principal Act and of this Act the term "beer " shall include ale and porter.

4. From and after the passing of this Act, section fourteen of the principal Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that such repeal shall not affect the validity of any license fof\ the sale of beer by retail to be consumed elsewhere than on the premises where sold, obtained before the passing of this Act, nor shall such repeal extend or apply to any person dealing in or selling coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, or pepper, and having a license to retail spirits in any quantity not exceeding two quarts at any one time to be consumed elsewhere than on the premises where sold.

5. From and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal several duties payable on excise

licenses in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other " duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the laws for granting " excise licenses," and of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to reduce tc the duty of excise on sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose a countervailing duty on sugar " used in the brewing of beer for sale; and also to amend " the laws relating to the licenses granted to brewers and

distillers," as authorises the grant to brewers of beer of brewers licenses to retail beer not to be consumed on the premises where sold, shall be repealed, and no such license shall be granted after the passing of this Act, whether to a new applicant or by way of renewal: Provided that a person who at the passing of this Act holds any such license shall continue to be subject to all the like regulations and conditions so long as such license remains in force, and shall be subject to the like penalties for breach of any such regulations and conditions committed while such license remains m force, as if this Act had not been passed.

3 C 3

[Short title.]

Application.

Definition of "beer"

Sect. 14 of 27 & 28 Vict. c. 35. repealed.

Sect. 2 of 6 G. 4. c. 81., and sect 6. of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 67., so far as relates to brewers retail licenses, repealed.

Ch. 112.

Prevention of Crime.

34 & 35 Vict.

CHAP. 112.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Crime.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further provision, for the effectual prevention of crime:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Penalty on holders of licenses getting their livelihood by dishonest means.

Penalty on breach of conditions of license.

Convict holding license to notify residence to police.

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as " The Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871."

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the second day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

Amendment of Penal Servitude Acts.

3. Any constable in any police district may, if authorised so to do in writing by the chief officer of polioe of that district, without warrant take into custody any convict who is the holder of a license granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, if it appears to such constable that such convict is getting his livelihood by dishonest means, and may bring him before a court of summary jurisdiction for adjudication.

If it appears from the facts proved before such court that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the convict so brought before it is getting his livelihood by dishonest means, such convict shall be deemed to be guilty of an offence against this Act, and his license shall be forfeited.

4. Where in any license granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, any conditions different from or in addition to those contained in Schedule A of The Penal Servitude Act, 1864, are inserted, the holder of such license, if he breaks any such conditions by an act that is not of itself punishable, either upon indictment or upon summary conviction, shall be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to imprisonment for any period not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

A copy of any conditions annexed to any license granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, other than the conditions contained in Schedule A of The Penal Servitude Act, 1864, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within twenty-one days after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the next session of Parliament.

5. Every holder of a license granted under the Penal Servitude Acts who is at large in Great Britain or Ireland shall notify the place of his residence to the chief officer of police of the district in which his residence is situated, and shall.

583

187L Prevention of Crimei Ph. 112.

whenever he changes such residence within the same police district, notify such change to the chief officer of police of that district, and whenever he changes his residence from one police district to another shall notify such change of residence to the chief officer of police of the police district which he is leaving, and to the chief officer of police of the police district into which he goes to reside; moreover, every male holder of such a license as aforesaid shall, once in each month, report himself at such time as may be prescribed by the chief officer of police of the district in which such holder may be, either to such chief officer himself or to such other person as that officer may direct, and such report may, according as such chief officer directs, be required to be made personally or by letter.

If any holder of a license who is at large in Great Britain or Ireland, remains in any place for forty-eight hours without notifying the place of his residence to the chief officer of police of the district in which such place is situated, or fails to comply with the requisitions of this section on the occasion of any change of residence, or with the requisitions of this section as to reporting himself once in each month, be shall in every such case, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court before whom he is tried that he did his best to act in conformity with the law, be guilty of an offence against this Act, and upon conviction thereof his license may in the discretion of the eourt be forfeited; or, if the term of penal certitude in respect of which his license was granted has expired at the date of his conviction, it shall be lawful for the court to sentence him to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one year, or if the said term of penal servitude has not expired, but the remainder unexpired thereof is a lesser period than one year, then to sentence him to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, to commence at the expiration of the said term of penal servitude, for such a term as, together with the remainder unexpired of his said term of penal servitude, will net exceed one year.

Register of Criminals.

6. The following enactments shall be made with a view Register and to facilitate the identification of criminals: of^ri^na

(1.) Registers of all persons convicted of crime in the United Kingdom shall be kept in such form and containing such particulars as may from time to time be prescribed, in Great Britain by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in Ireland by the Lord Lieutenant:

(2.) The register for England shall be kept in London under the management of the commissioner of police of the metropolis, or such other person as the Secretary of State may appoint:

584

Ch. 112. Prevention of Crime. 34 & 35 YiCJ.

(3.) The register for Scotland shall be kept in Edinburgh under the management of the secretary to the managers of the General Prison at Perth, or such other person as the Secretary of State may appoint:

(4.) The register for Ireland shall be kept in Dublin under the management of the commissioners of police for the police district of Dublin metropolis, or such other person as the Lord Lieutenant may from time to time appoint:

(5.) In every prison, the gaoler or other governor of the prison shall make returns of the persons convicted of crime and coming within his custody; and such returns shall be in such form or forms and contain such particulars in Great Britain as the Secretary of State, and in Ireland as the said Lord Lieutenant, may require; and every gaoler or other governor of a prison who refuses or neglects to transmit such returns, or wilfully transmits a return containing any false or imperfect statement, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered summarily:

(6.) In Great Britain the Secretary of State, and in Ireland the said Lord Lieutenant, may make regulations as to the photographing of all prisoners convicted of crime who may for the time being be confined in any prison in Great Britain or Ireland, and may in such regulations prescribe the time or times at which and the manner and dress in which such prisoners are to be taken, and the number of photographs of each prisoner to be printed, and the persons to whom such photographs are to be sent:

(7.) Any regulations made by the Secretary of State as to the photographing of prisoners in any prison in England shall be deemed to be regulations for the government of that prison, and binding on all persons, in the same manner as if they were contained in the first schedule annexed to The Prison Act, 1865:

(8.) Any regulations made by the Secretary of State as to the photographing of prisoners in any prison in Scotland shall be deemed to be rules for prisons in Scotland, and as such shall be binding on all whom they may concern, in the same manner as if the same were made under and in virtue of the powers contained in " The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860

(9.) Any regulations made by the Lord Lieutenant as to the photographing of prisoners in any prison in Ireland shall be deemed to be byelaws duly made by the Lord Lieutenant, and shall be binding on all persons, in the same manner as if the same were

Prevention of Crime.

Ch. 112.

585

made under the authority of the Act passed in the session holden in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-eight:

(10.) Any prisoner refusing to obey any regulation made in pursuance of this, section, shall be deemed guilty of an offence against prison discipline, in England within the meaning of the; fifty-seventh regulation in the first schedule annexed, to the said Prison Act, 1865, in Scotland within the meaning of the rules for prisons in Scotland, certified under the hand of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under and by virtue of "The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860," and in Ireland within the meaning of the fifteenth regulation contained in section one hundred and nine of the Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter seventy-four >

(11.) Any authority having power to make regulations in pursuance of this section may from time to time modify, repeal, or add to any regulations so made:

(12.) Any expenses incurred in pursuance of this section shall be defrayed as follows; (that is to say,)

The expense of keeping the register in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin shall, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament:

The expenses incurred in photographing the prisoners in any prison shall be deemed to be part of the expenses incurred in the maintenance of the prison, and shall be defrayed accordingly.

This section shall n

any military or naval prison.

Punishment of certain Offenders.

7. Where any person is convicted on indictment of a crime, Special offences and a previous conviction of a crime is proved against him, twiag"offdcted he shall, at any time within seven years immediately after the of crime, expiration of the sentence passed on him for the last of such crimes be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one year, under the following circumstances or any of them:

First. If, on his being charged by a constable with getting his livelihood by dishonest means, and being brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, it appears to such court that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the person so charged is getting his livelihood by dishonest means: or, .

the superintendence

686 Ch. 112. Prev^iow^fCkvm^ 34 & 35Vieii

Secondly. If, on being chained with any offence punishable on indictment or summary conviction, and on being required by a court of summary jurisdiction to give his name and address, he refuses to do so, or gives a false name or a false address: or,

Thirdly. If he is found in any place, whether public or private, under such circumstances as to satisfy the court before whom he is brought that he was about to commit or to aid in the commission of any offence punishable on indictment or summary conviction, or was waiting for an opportunity to commit or aid in the commission of any offence punishable on indictment or summary conviction: or,

Fourthly. If he is found in or upon any dwelling-house, or any building, yard, or premises, being parcel of 'or attached to such dwelling-house, or in or upon any shop, warehouse, counting-house, or other place of business, or in any garden, orchard, pleasure ground, or nursery ground, or in any building or erection in any garden, orchard, pleasure ground, or nursery ground, without being able to account to the satisfaction of the court before whom he is brought for his being found on such, premises.

Any person charged with being guilty of any offence against this Act mentioned in this section may be taken into custody as follows; (that is to say,)

In the case of any such offence against this Act as is first in this section mentioned, by any constable without warrant* if such constable is authorised so to do by the chief officer of police of his district;

In the case of any such offence against this Act as is thirdly in this section mentioned, by any constable without warrant, although such constable is not specially authorised to take him into custody;

Also, where any person is charged with being guilty of an offence against this Act fourthly in this section mentioned, he may, without warrant, be apprehended by any constable, or by the owner or occupier of the property on which he ia found, or by the servants of the owner or occupier, or by any other person authorised by the owner or occupier, and may be detained until he can be delivered into the custody of a constable.

Person twice 8. Where any person is convicted on indictment of a crime, ^Tub'ected^ a Prev^0UB conviction of a crime is proved against him, to police the court, having cognizance of Such indictment may, in supervision. addition to any other punishment which it may award to him, direct that he is to be Subject to the supervision of the police for a period of seven years, or such less period as the court may direct, commencing immediately after the expiration of the sentence passed on him for the last of such dimes *

587

1871. Prevention of Crime. Ch. 112.

Every person subject to the supervision of the police, who is at large in Great Britain or Ireland, shall notify the place of his residence to the chief officer of police of the district in which his residence is situated, and shall, whenever he changes such residence within the same police district, notify such change to the chief officer of police of that district, and whenever he changes his residence from one police district to another, shall notify such change of residence to the 'chief officer of police of the police district which he is leaving, and to the chief officer of police of the police district into which he goes to reside; moreover every person subject to the supervision of the police, if a male, shall once in each month report himself, at such time as may be prescribed by the chief officer of police of the district in which such holder may be, either to such chief officer himself, or to such other person as that officer may direct, and such report may, according as such chief officer directs, be required to be made personally or by letter.

If any person subject to the supervision of the police, who is at large in Great Britain or Ireland, remains in any place for forty-eight hours without notifying the place of his residence to the chief officer of police of the district in which such place is situated, or fails to comply with the requisitions of this section on the occasion of any change of residence, or with the requisitions of this section as to reporting himself once in each month, he shall in every such case, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court before whom he is tried that he did his best to act in conformity with the law, be guilty of an offence against this Act, and upon conviction thereof he shall be subject to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding one year.

9. The rules contained in the one hundred and sixteenth

section of the Act of the session holden in the twenty-fourth Qf procedure and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, on indictments, chapter ninety-six, intituled An Act to consolidate and " amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to " Larceny and other similar offences/' in relation to the form of and the proceedings upon an indictment for any offence punishable under that Act committed after previous conviction, shall, with the necessary variations, apply to any indictment for committing a crime as defined by this Act after previous conviction for a crime, whether the crime charged in such indictment or the crime to which such previous conviction relates be or be not punishable under the said Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-six.

10. Every person who occupies or keeps any lodging-house, Penalty for beer-house, public house, or other house or place where intoxicating liquors are sold, or any place of public entertainment 1 y 9 or public resort, and knowingly lodges or knowingly harbours thieves or reputed thieves, or knowingly permits or knowingly

588 Ch.] 12. Prevention of Crime. 34 & 35 Vict.

suffers them to meet or assemble therein, or knowingly allows the deposit of goods therein having reasonable cause for believing them to be stolen, shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and in default of payment to be imprisoned for a

f>eriod not exceeding four months, with or without hard abour, and the court before which he is brought may, if it think fit, in addition to or in lieu of any penalty, require him to enter into recognizances, with or without sureties, and if in Scotland to find caution, for keeping the peace or being of good behaviour during twelve months: Provided that (1.) No person shall be imprisoned for not finding sureties or cautioners in pursuance of this section for a longer period than three months; and (2.) The security required from a surety or cautioner shall not exceed twenty pounds:

And any license for the sale of any intoxicating liquors, or for keeping any place of public entertainment or public resort, which has been granted to the occupier or keeper of any such house or place as aforesaid, may, in the discretion of the court, be forfeited on his first conviction of an offence under this section, and on his second conviction for such an offence his license shall be forfeited and he shall be disqualified for a period of two years from receiving any such license; moreover, where two convictions under this section have taken place within a period of three years in respect of the same premises, whether the persons convicted were.or were not the same, the court shall direct that for a term not exceeding one year from the date of the last of such convictions no such license as aforesaid shall be granted to any person whatever in respect of such premises; and any license granted in contravention of this section shall be void.

Any licensed person brought before a court in pursuance of this section shall produce his license for examination, and if such license is forfeited shall deliver it up altogether, and if such person wilfully neglects or refuses to produce his license he shall, in addition to any other penalty under this section, be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; provided that any person convicted under this section shall have a right to appeal against such conviction in the same manner in all respects as if the said conviction had been for an offence committed against the provisions of the Act of the ninth George the Fourth, chapter sixty-one.

Penalty on 11. Every person who occupies or keeps a brothel, and brothel keepers knowingly lodges or knowingly harbours thieves or reputed ^evegn&c. thieves, or knowingly permits or knowingly suffers them to meet or assemble therein or knowingly allows the deposit of goods therein having reasonable cause for believing them to be stolen, shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and in default of payment to be imprisoned for a period not exceeding four

1871. Prevention of Crime. Ch. 112. 589

months, with or without hard labour, and the court before which he is brought may, if it think fit, in addition to or in lieu of any penalty require him to enter into recognizances, with or without sureties, as in this Act described.

12. Where any person is convicted of an assault on any Penalty on constable when in the execution of his duty, such person shall a8»?, llt8 011 be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall, in the p°ice* discretion of the court, be liable either to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and in default of payment to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months, or to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding six, or in case such person has been convicted of a similar assault within two years, nine months, with or without

hard labour.

13. Any dealer in old metals who either personally or by Tenalty on

any servant or agent purchases, receives, or bargains for any mutate metal mentioned in the first column of the schedule annexed purchasing hereto, whether new or old, in any quantity at one time of quantities less less weight than the quantity set opposite each such metal in m

the second column of the schedule annexed hereto, shall be

guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

For the purposes of this section the term dealer in old metals" shall mean any person dealing in, buying, and selling old metal, scrap metal, broken. metal, or partly manufactured metal goods, or defaced or old metal goods, and whether such person deals in such articles only, or together with secondhand goods or marine stores.

14. Where any woman is convicted of a crime, and a As to care of previous conviction of a crime is proved against her, any children of children of such woman under the age of fourteen years who victed of° may be under her care and control at the tune of her con- crimes, viction for the last of such crimes, and who have no visible

means of subsistence, or are without proper guardianship, shall be deemed to be children to whom in Great Britain the provisions of The Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and in Ireland the provisions of The Industrial Schools (Ireland) Act, 1868, apply, and the court by whom such woman is convicted, or two justices or a magistrate, shall have the same power of ordering such children to be sent to a certified industrial school as is vested in two justices or a magistrate by the fourteenth section of The Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and by the eleventh section of The Industrial Schools (Ireland) Act, 1868, in respect of the children in the said sections described.

Amendmfient of Criminal Law in certain Cases.

15. Whereas by the fourth section of the Act passed in the Evidence of fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter va^Ic^ ndf eighty-three, intituled An Act for the punishment of idle vagran^Act! " and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds, in that

Tower to search for stolen property.

Ch. 112. Prevention of Crime. 34 & 35 Yjw

" part of Great Britain called England," it ie, amongst other things, provided that every suspected person or reputed thief frequenting any river, canal, or navigable stream, dock, or basin, or any quay, wharf, or warehouse near or adjoining thereto, or any street, highway, or avenue leading thereto, or any place of public resort, or any avenue leading thereto, or any street, highway, or place adjacent, with intent to commit felony, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, and may be apprehended and committed to prison with hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months: And whereas doubts are entertained as to the construction of the said provision, and as to the nature of the evidence required to prove the intent to commit a felony: Be it enacted, firstly, the said section shall be construed as if instead of the words " highway " or place adjacent there were inserted the words a or any highway or any place adjacent to a street or highway and, secondly, that in proving the intent to commit a felony it shall not be necessary to show that the person suspected was guilty of any particular act or acts tending to show his purpose or intent, and he may be convicted if from the circumstances of the case, and from his known character as proved to the justice of the peace or court before whom or which he is brought, it appears to such justice or court that his intent was to commit a felony; and the provisions of the said section, as amended by this section, shall be in force in Scotland and Ireland. For the purposes of this section, in Scotland the word felony shall mean any of the pleas of the Crown, any theft, which in respect of aggravation, or of the amount in value of the money, goods, or thing stolen, may be punished with penal servitude, any forgery, and any uttering of any forged writing.

16. Any constable may under the circumstances hereafter in this section mentioned be authorised in writing by a chief officer of police to enter, and if so authorised may enter, any house, shop, warehouse, yard, or other premises in search of stolen property, and search and seize and secure any property he may believe to have been stolen, in the same manner as he would be authorised to do if he had a search warrant, and the property seized, if any, corresponded to the property described in such search warrant.

In every case in which any property is seized in pursuance of this section the person on whose premises it was at the time of seizure, or the person from whom it was taken if other than the person on whose premises it was, shall, unless previously charged with receiving the same knowing it to have been stolen, be summoned before a court of summary jurisdiction to account for his possession of such property, and such court shall make such order respecting the disposal of such property, and may award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

Prevention of Crime.

Cel 112.

591

It shall be lawful for any chief officer of police to give such authority as aforesaid in the following cases, or either of them: —

First. When the premises to be searched are, or within the preceding twelve months have been, in the occupation of any person who has been convicted of receiving stolen property or of harbouring thieves: or Second. When the premises to be searched are in the occupation of any person who has been convicted of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty, and punishable by penal servitude or imprisonment:

And it shall not be necessary for such chief officer of police on giving such authority to specify any particular property, bat he may give such authority if he has reason to believe generally that such premises are being made a receptacle for stolen goods.

Legal Proceedings.

17. Any offence against this Act may be prosecuted before As to legal a court of summary jurisdiction, as follows: t<Tbftak«i

In England, in manner directed by the Act of the session before courts of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her ?f summary present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to jurisdiction-u facilitate the performance of the duties of justices of the " peace out of sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders," and any Act amending the same:

In Scotland, under the provisions of "The Summary Procedure Act, 1864," and any Act amending the same:

In Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, according to the provisions of the Act regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland in manner directed by " The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act,

1851/' and any Act amending the same:

" Court of summary jurisdiction " shall in this Act mean and include any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff or sheriff substitute, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Acts in this section mentioned, or any Acts therein referred to, or to proceedings before whom the provisions of such Acts are or may be made applicable.

Provided as follows:—

1. The " Court of Summary Jurisdiction," when hearing and determining an information, complaint, or other proceeding in respect of an offence against this Act, shall be constituted in some one of the following manners; that is to say, in England, either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned, sitting alone or with others at some court or other place ap-

3 D 2

Ch. 112. Prevention of Crime. 34 & 35 VicTi

pointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the Lord Mayor, a metropolitan police magistrate, a stipendiary magistrate, or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace; and in Scotland, of two or more justices of the pe&ce sitting as judges in a justice of the peace court, or of one of the magistrates herein-after mentioned, sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice; that is to say, the sheriff or sheriff substitute of the county, or the provost or other magistrate of a royal burgh", or some other officer or officers for the time being empowered by law to do alone or with others any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace; and all necessary powers and authorities are Hereby conferred upon such court in Scotland; in Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, of one of the divisional justices of the said district sitting at a police court within the said district; and elsewhere, of a stipendiary magistrate sitting alone or with others, or of any two or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions at a place appointed for holding petty sessions.

2. The description of any offence Against this Act in the words of this Act shall be sufficient in law.

3. Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification, whether it does or does not accompany the description of the offence in this Act, may be proved by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived in the information or complaint, and if so specified or negatived no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or prosecutor or complainant.

4. Where any offence against this Act involves the forfeiture of a license granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, the court by whom the offender is convicted may commit him to any prison within its jurisdiction, there to remain until he can conveniently be removed to some prison in which convicts under sentence of penal servitude may lawfully be confined, in order that he may there undergo the term of penal servitude to which he is liable under the said Penal Servitude Acts or some of them; and any person so committed may be kept to hard labour.

5. Any person accused of an offence against this Act may be remanded from time to time by the court before whom he is brought for the purpose of enabling evidence to be obtained against him, or for any other just cause.

6. No warrant or conviction in respect of any offence against this Act shall be quashed for want of form, and the court before whom any question relating to the validity of any such warrant or conviction is brought may amend such warrant or conviction if it is of opinion that there was sufficient evidence before the court by whom the warrant was issued or conviction made to justify the issue of such warrant or making of such conviction.

1871. Prevention of Crime, Oe. 112. 503

7. All penalties imposed under this Act. in Scotland may, unless it is otherwise provided, in default of payment, be enforced by imprisonment for a term to be specified in the judgment or sentence of the court, but not exceeding three calendar months; and all penalties imposed and recovered under this Act in Scotland shall be paid to the clerk of the court, and by him accounted for and paid to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in behalf of Her Majesty.

All penalties imposed under this Act in Ireland shall be applied according to The Fines (Ireland) Act, 1851, or any Act amending the same.

18* A previous conviction may be proved in any legal pro- Evidence of ceeding whatever against any person by producing a record or P"118 con- extract of such conviction, and by giving proof of the identity vlc on* of the person against whom the conviction is sought to be proved with the person appearing in the record or extract of conviction to have been convicted.

A record or extract of a conviction shall in the case of an indictable offence consist of a certificate containing the substance and effect only (omitting the formal part of the indictment and conviction), and purporting to be signed by the clerk of the court or other officer having the custody of the records of the court by which such conviction was made, or purporting to be signed by the deputy of such clerk or officer; and in the case of a summary conviction shall consist of a copy of such conviction purporting to be signed by any justice of the peace having jurisdiction over the offence in respect of which such conviction was made, or to be signed by the proper officer of the court by which such conviction was made, or Dy the clerk or other officer of any court to which such conviction has been returned.

A record or extract of any conviction made in pursuance of this section shall be admissible in evidence without proof of the signature or official character of the person appearing to have signed the same.

A previous conviction in any one part of the United Kingdom may be proved against a prisoner in any other part of the United Kingdom; and a conviction before the passing of this Act shall be admissible in the same manner as if it had taken place after the passing thereof.

A fee not exceeding five shillings may be charged for a record of a conviction given in pursuance of this section.

The mode of proving a previous conviction authorised by this section shall be in addition to and not in exclusion of any other authorised mode of proving such convictipnr

19. Where proceedings are taken against any person for Evidence in having received goods knowing them to be st6len, or for having ca?e? of rein his possession stolen property, evidence may be given at any property.10 " stage of the proceedings that there was found in the possession of such person other property stolen within the preceding

3D 3

594 Ch. 112. PreveThtion of Crime. 34 & 35Tier.

period of twelve months, and audh evidence may be taken into consideration for the purpose of proving that such person knew the property to be stolen which forms the subject of the proceedings taken against him.

Where proceedings are taken against any person for having received goods knowing them to be stolen, or for having in his possession stolen property, and evidence has been given that the stolen property has been found in his possession, then if soch person has within five years immediately preceding been convicted of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty, evidence of such previous conviction may be given at any stage of the proceedings, and may be taken into consideration for the purpose of proving that the person accused knew the property which was proved to be in his possession to have been stolen;

Provided that not less than seven days notice in writing shall ave been given to the person accused that proof is intended to be given of such previous conviction; and it shall not be necessary for the purposes of this section to charge in the indictment the previous conviction of the person so accused.

Definitions.

20. The expression <l the Penal Servitude Acts " means, as the case requires, the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853, 1857, and 1864, or any of them.

The expression "crime " means, in England and Ireland, any felony, or the offence of uttering false or counterfeit coin, or of possessing counterfeit gold or silver coin, or the offence of obtaining goods or money by false pretences, or the offence of conspiracy to defraud, or any misdemeanor under the fifty-eighth section of the Act passed in the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-six; and in Scotland, any of the pleas of the Crown, any theft which, in respect of any aggravation, or of the amount in value of the money, goods, or thing stolen, may be punished with penal servitude, any forgery, and any uttering of any forged writing, falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, uttering base coin, or the possession of such coin with intent to utter the same.

The expression "offence" means any act or omission which is not a crime as defined by this Act, and is punishable on indictment or summary conviction.

The expression "indictment, shall in Scotland include criminal letters and criminal libel.

The expression "police district" means —

In England, —

(1.) The city of London and the liberties thereof:

(2.) The metropolitan police district:

Interpretation: 44 Penal Servitude Acts:"

44 Crime: "

44 Offence: "

u Indictment: "

"Police district

1371. Prevention of Crime. Ch. 112.

3.) Elsewhere, m England, any county, riding, part, division, or liberty of a county, borough, burgh, city, town, place, or union, or combination of places maintaining a separate police force; and all the police under one chief constable shall be deemed to constitute one force for the purposes of this definition:

In Scotland, —

Any county, city, burgh, town, place, or combination of places maintaining a separate police force; and all the police under one chief constable shall be deemed to constitute one force for the purposes of this definition:

In Ireland, —

(1.) The police district of Dublin metropolis:

(2.) Elsewhere in Ireland, any district, whether cit}T, town, or country, over which is appointed a subinspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

The expression "chief officer of police" means —, .

In England, — .

(1.) In the city of London and the liberties thereof, the commissioner of city police:

(2.) In the metropolitan police district, the commissioner of police of the metropolis:

(3.) Elsewhere in England, the chief constable, or head constable, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the police district in reference to which such expression occurs:

In Scotland, —

The chief constable, or head constable, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in the police district in reference to which such expression occurs:

In Ireland, —

(1.) In the police district of Dublin metropolis, either of the commissioners of police for the said district:

(2.) Elsewhere in Ireland, in any other police district, the sub-inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary:

Any act or thing by this Act authorised to be done by the chief officer of police may be done by any person authorised by him in that behalf.

The expression "Lord Lieutenant" includes the Lords "LordLieu-Justices or other chief governors or governor of Ireland tenant: for the time being.

Repeal of Acts, and Saving Clause.

2L From and after the time at which this Act comes into Repeal of operation, there shall be repealed, Acts '

(1.) "The Habitual Criminals Act, 1869."

535

" Chief officer

596 Ch. 112, 113. Prevention of Crime. 34 & 35 Vict«

(2.) So much of the fourth section of <f The Penal Servitude Act, 1864," as requires the bolder of a license to report himself

Provided that the repeal enacted in this Act shall not affect any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to he incurred in respect of any offence committed before this Act comes into operation, or any prosecution or other remedy or legal proceeding for enforcing or recovering any such penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment as aforesaid.

Danish ^2. This Act shall not affect the infliction of capital ment. pumS ' punishment in any case where capital punishment Would have been inflicted if this Act had not passed.

SCHEDULE above referred to.

Column 1. Column 2.

Last of

Lead, or any composite the principal ingredient of

which is lead - 112 lbs.

Copper, or any composite the principal ingredient of which is copper - - 56 lbs.

Brass, or any composite the principal ingredient of

which is brass - - 56 lbs.

Tin, or any composite the principal ingredient of

which is tin - - 56 lbs.

Pewter, or any composite the principal ingredient of

which is pewter - 56 lbs.

German silver or spelter, or any composite the principal

ingredient of which is german silver or spelter - 56 lbs.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 84. (Public).

[Short title.]

This and recited Act to be as one.

CHAP. 113.

An Act to amend " The Metropolis Water Act, 1852 and to make further provision for the due Supply of Water to the Metropolis and certain places in the neighbourhood thereof.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend "The Metropolis Water Act, 1852 and to make further provision for securing to the metropolis and to certain places in the neighbourhood thereof a constant supply of pure and wholesome water:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Prelirmna/ry.

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Metropolis Water Act, 1871/ '

2. This Act and the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, as the same iB amended by this Act, shall be read and construed together as one Act.

1871;

3. In this Act —

Metropolis Water.

Ch. 113. 597

Interpretation

The expression "the metropolis" shall mean the metropolis of tenns' as defined by the Metropolis Management Act, 1855:

The term "Company" shall mean and include any of the companies following; that is to say, —

The Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, commonly called "The New River Company The East London Waterworks;

The Southwark and Yauxhall Water Company;

The Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks Company;

The Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks;

The Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks;

The Grand Junction Waterworks Company;

The Company of Proprietors of the Kent Waterworks; and also any other corporation, company, board, commissioners, association, person, persons, or partnership, for the time being supplying water for domestic use within the limits of this Act:

The term "person " shall include a corporation aggregate or sole:

The expression "water limits " in relation to a Company shall mean such parts of the limits within which such Company is authorised to supply water as are within the limits of this Act:

The expression "the special Act," in relation to a Company shall mean and include every and any Act of Parliament relating to such Company:

The expression "ow^ropcljtap authority " shall mean, in the places specified in the table in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, the bodies or persons named in the same table:

The term "district" shall mean the area selected for the purpose of constant supply, such area being within the jurisdiction of a metropolitan authority, and also within the water limits of a Company, and being coterminous with some one or more services of such Company:

The term "premises" shall mean and include any dwelling-house and any part of a dwelling-house, and any stable, yard, or other offices used together or in connexion with any dwelling-house or any part of a dwelling-house:

The term "prescribed" shall mean prescribed by any regulations made under the authority of this Act:

The term "court of summary jurisdiction" means and includes any justice or justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the eleventh and

598

Limits of Act.

Repeal of parts of Metropolis Water Act, 1852.

Supply of water on Sundays.

Companies to provide constant supply of water.

Ch. 113. Metropolis Water. 34? &; 35 Vict.

twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions " within England and Wales with respect to summary " Convictions and Orders," and any Acts amending the same:

The term "fittings " includes communication pipes, and also all pipes, cocks, cisterns, and other apparatus used or intended for supply of water by a Company to a consumer, and for that purpose placed in or about the premises of the consumer:

The terra " owner" means the person who, for the time being, receives the rackrent of the premises with reference to which that term is used, whether on his own account or under or by virtue of any mortgage or charge, or as agent or trustee for any person, or who would so receive the same if the premises were let at a rackrent, and includes every successive owner from time to time of the premises, being such for any part of the time during which the enactment wherein that term is used operates in relation to the premises: Premises shall be deemed to be on the same service, or on a service, when water is supplied to them by a Company from the same service pipe.

4. The limits within which the provisions of this Act shall be in force and have effect (in this Act referred to as " the " limits of this Act ") shall include the metropolis and the several places set out in the schedule to the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, which do not form part of the metropolis.

5. From and after the passing of this Act, the sections of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, specified in the Schedule (R) to this Act annexed, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as regards their operation within the limits of this Act f Provided always, that no such repeal shall affect any act, matter, or thing duly done or agreed upon before the passing of this Act, under the authority of any of the sections of the said Act hereby repealed.

0. From and after the passing of this Act every Company shall on Sundays as on other days supply sufficient pure and wholesome water for the domestic use of the inhabitants within their water limits.

Constant Supply.

7. Subject to the provisions of this Act, every Company may, and from and after the expiration of eight months from the passing of this Act every Company shall, when required so to do, in the manner directed by this Act, provide and keep throughout their water limits, or throughout such parts of such limits as they may be required in manner aforesaid, a constant supply of pure and wholesome water sufficient for the domestic purposes of the inhabitants within such water

1871. Metropolis Water. Ch. 113. 599

limits constantly laid on at such pressure as will make such water reach the top story of the highest houses within such water limits (but not exceeding the level prescribed by the special Act) of such Company (which supply is in this Act referred to as a " constant supply "); and every such Company shall, subject to the provisions of the special Act as the same are amended by this Act, give and continue to give to such inhabitants a constant supply for domestic purposes in manner prescribed.

8. At any time after the expiration of six months from Application the passing of this Act, the metropolitan authority shall, when- for cion8tant ever they are of opinion that there should be in any district8upp

a constant supply, make application to the Company within the water limits in which such district is situate, requiring a constant supply in such district, and any Company may without any such application propose to the metropolitan authority to give a constant supply in any district.

9. When application has been made to any Company Appeal to requiring such Company to provide a constant supply, or of when any Company has given notice to a metropolitan autho- e* rity of a proposal to give a constant supply in any district,

and the Company so required, or the metropolitan authority upon whom notice of such proposal has been served, object to such requisition or proposal, it shall be lawful for such Company or metropolitan authority, within one month after the making of such application or service of such notice, to present a memorial to the Board of Trade, setting forth their objections to such requisition or proposal, and the party presenting such memorial, or such Company, shall give notice to the other party of the presentation of such memorial, and shall transmit to such party a copy of the same. The Board of Trade shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the receipt of such memorial, take the same into their consideration, and may, if they think fit, institute any inquiry in relation thereto, and may hear such Company and authority desiring to be heard, and may make such order in reference thereto, and as to the costs thereof and incident to the same, as to them shall seem just.

10. No Company shall be compelled to give a constant Restriction as supply to any premises in any district until the regulations £ compulsory provided for by this Act are made and are in operation combines, within such district, or if it can be shown by such Company

that at any time after the expiration of two months from the time of the service of any requisition for constant supply more than one fifth of the premises in such district are not provided with the prescribed fittings, without prejudice nevertheless to any renewed requisition at a future period.

In any district in which any default in respect of the prescribed fittings shall be found, the metropolitan authority may by notice in writing require the owner or occupier of any such premises, within a time to be specified in such notice.

600 Ch. 113. Metropolis Water. 34 & 35 Vict.

to provide the prescribed fittings, or to cause the fittings in such premises to be repaired, so as to prevent any waste of of water, and if any person fail to comply with the term! such notice the metropolitan authority may provide for such premises the prescribed fittings, or repair the fittings within the same, as the case may be.

The expenses incurred by the metropolitan authority in providing such fittings or in making such repairs shall be paid to them by the person liable to pay the rate for the water supplied, or on whose credit the water is supplied, or by the owner of the premises.

All such expenses may be recovered, with costs, from the owner, and to the extent of any rent due by the occupier of the premises, from such occupier, by proceedings in a court of summary jurisdiction, or by action in any court having jurisdiction locally in the matter, as if the same were an ordinary simple contract debt; and any sum and costs so recovered from an occupier may be deducted by him from the rent payable by him to the owner, and shall be allowed by the owner and every other person interested in the rent, as if the Bame had been actually paid as rent; but if in any case an occupier fails to disclose the amount of rent due by him, or the name or address of the owner, he shall be liable to pay the full amount of such expenses and costs: Provided further, that as between any such owner and occupier nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect any contract made between them respecting the payment of the expenses of any such works as aforesaid.

Power to 1L It shall be lawful for the Board of Trade, at any time

Trade to re- the expiration of six months from the passing of this

quire constant Act, to require a constant supply to be provided in any district by the Company within the water limits of which such district is situate, upon complaint made, and in case it appears to such Board, after due inquiry, —

That the metropolitan authority refuses to make or unreasonably delays making application for such constant supply, or

That, by reason of the insufficiency of the existing supply of water in sudi district, or the unwholesomeness of such water in consequence of its being improperly stored, the health of the inhabitants of such district is or is likely to be prejudicially affected.

12. Where a constant supply is required in any district, notice to that effect shall be served, on behalf of the party requiring the same, upon the Company required to provide such supply; and where a constant supply is proposed to be given in any district by any Company, notice to that effect shall be served on behalf of such Company upon the metropolitan authority. In every such notice shall be stated accurately the district in which such constant supply is required or proposed to be given, and the day (not being

supply, in certain cases.

Notice requiring or proposing constant supply to be served upon Company or metropolitan authority.

1871. Metropolis Water. Ch. 118. 601

an earlier day than four months after the date of the service of such notice) upon and from which such supply is to commence.

13. Where a constant supply is required in any district, Extension of and the Company is unable, from want of funds or other f*m?to Com" cause of any kind, to execute all the necessary works within pame8, the time prescribed by this Act, the Board of Trade, if they think fit, may extend the time for the giving of such supply generally, or may extend the time, and direct such supply to be given at different times in succession, to the several parts of such district, in such manner as may be found most convenient: Provided that application be made by the Company for such extension of time within one month after the notice referred to in the last preceding section has been served upon them.

14. With respect to cases where a group or number of Provision for dwelling-houses are situate in a court or passage, or otherwise " in contiguity with or in close neighbourhood to one another, gages, &c!*" the following further provisions shall have effect; that is to

say,

(1.) If at any time it appears to the Board of Trade, on the report of the nuisance authority, as defined by the Sanitary Act, 1866, that a constant supply cannot be well and effectually provided for that group or number of dwelling-houses, except by means of a stand-pipe or other apparatus placed outside the dwelling-houses, the Board of Trade may from time to time make an order to the effect that such group or number of dwelling-houses may be so supplied, and shall serve the same on the Company within whose water limits the dwelling-houses are situate:

(2.) If the requisite stand-pipe or other apparatus in accordance with the regulations of the Company is provided, then the Company shall give to those dwelling-houses a supply accordingly by means of the stand-pipe or other apparatus so provided, and on giving such supply shall be entitled to receive and recover water rates or rents from the owners or occupiers of such dwelling-houses as if the supply had been given in the premises. The expense of providing such stand-pipe or other apparatus shall be borne by the owner of the dwelling-houses, or if there is more than one owner then by the respective owners in such proportions as the Board of Trade shall direct:

(8.) The Board of Trade may at any time abrogate, wholly or in part, the order, or may originally grant it only for a limited period.

15. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, a Company Provision for shall not be subject to any liability for not giving a constant 61186 °* fro*,

m

Penalties for non-compliance with preceding

provisions.

Company may make regulations.

Amendment of regulations.

In case of default by Companies, Board of Trade may appoint person to report as to regulations, and may make same.

Penalties for offences against regulations.

Notice of regulations to be delivered to metropolitan authority.

Confirmation of regulations.

Ch. 118. Metropolis Water. 34 & 35 Vkx

supply if the want of such supply arises from frost, unusual drought, or other unavoidable cause or accident.

16. Any Company which violates, refuses, or neglects to comply with any of the preceding provisions of this Act shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding two hundred pounds, and to a further penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds for every month during which such violation or refusal or neglect to comply with the said provisions continues after they shall have received notice in writing from the Board of Trade to discontinue such violation, refusal, or neglect as aforesaid.

Regulations.

17. Every Company shall, within six months after the passing of this Act, make regulations for the purposes for which regulations may be made under the authority of section 26 of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, and the provisions of that section shall apply also to the preventing of undue consumption or contamination of water.

18. Any Company, if it thinks fit, or if requested so to do by the Board of Trade, may repeal or alter any of the regulations made for the purposes aforesaid, or make new regulations instead of any of the same.

Id. In case any Company does not make regulations within the time specified in this Act, or in ease any Company, on being requested in writing by the metropolitan authority, or by any ten consumers of the water supplied by that Company, to repeal or alter any of the regulations for the time being in force, or to make new regulations instead of any of the same, refuses so to do, thp Board of Trade may, if they think fit, appoint a competent and impartial person of engineering knowledge and experience to report to them as to such regulations as may be necessary for the execution of this Act, or as to the expediency of altering or repealing such regulations, or of making new regulations, in conformity with such request as aforesaid, and on the report of such person the Board of Trade may make such regulations, repeal, or alterations as they think fit.

20. By any regulations made under the authority of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, or of this Act, penalties may be imposed for offences against the same not exceeding in respect of any offence the sum of five pounds, so that every such regulation be so framed as to alkrw part only of the maximum penalty being inflicted, and any such penalty shall be recoverable as penalties under this Act are recoverable.

2L Within four days after the making of any regulation, or of any repeal of or alteration in any regulation, potice of the same shall be served upon the metropolitan authority by the Company or person making the same.

22. No regulation, and no repeal or alteration of any regulation, made under the authority of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, or of this Act, by a Company, shall be of any

1871. Metropolis Water. Ch. 113. 80S

force or effect unless and until the same be submitted to and confirmed by the Board of Trade, who may institute such inquiry in relation thereto as they shall think fit, and who at such inquiry shall hear the metropolitan authority, and the Company, if desiring to be heard, and the said Board shall, if they think fit, or if requested, nominate and have present at such inquiry to advise and assist them a competent and impartial waterworks engineer. The Board of Trade may, after such inquiry, confirm or disallow any such regulation, repeal, or alteration, in whole or in part, or may confirm the same with such modification or alteration as they may think proper; and no such regulation, repeal, or alteration shall be made by the Board of Trade on any such report as aforesaid except after a like inquiry and hearing, with the like advice and assistance as aforesaid: Provided that no such regulation, repeal, or alteration shall be confirmed or made (as the case may be) by the Board of Trade unless notice in that behalf shall have been given by the Company to which the same relates, or by such person as the Board of Trade direct, in the "London Gazette" and in two daily morning newspapers circulated within the limits of this Act, one month at least before the inquiry; and one month at least before any such inquiry is held a copy of the regulation, repeal, or alteration in question shall be sent by such Company or person to the office of the metropolitan authority, and the same shall for one month be kept open during office hours at the respective offices of the metropolitan authority and of the said Company to the inspection of all persons, without fee or reward, and a copy of the same or of any part thereof shall be furnished to every person who shall apply for the Same, on payment of sixpence for every one hundred words contained in such copy.

23. A printed copy of all regulations in force for the time Publication of being shall be kept at the office of the metropolitan autho- regulations, rity and of every Company within the limits of this Act,

and all persons may at all reasonable times inspect such copy without payment, and each Company shall cause to be delivered a printed copy, authenticated by their seal, of all regulations for the time being in force to every person applying for the same, on payment of any sum not exceeding one shilling and sixpence for every such copy, and a printed copy of the regulations for the time being in force relative to any particular district only to every person applying for the same, on payment of any sum not exceeding threepence for every such copy.

24. All regulations, and every repeal of or alteration in Rugatams any regulation made, shall, after publication in manner by the to be buying last preceding section of this Act directed, be binding upon and J^n par' be observed by all parties, and shall be sufficient warrant for

all persons acting under the same, and a Company shall not be bound under any agreement to supply or continue to supply

3 E 2

Evidence of regulations.

Notice relating to constant supply to be published in London Gazette, &c.

Company may issue notice upon owners and occupiers to provide prescribed fittings.

Owner or occupier to provide prescribed fittings.

In case of default by owner or occupier. Company may provide or repair prescribed fittings.

Ch. 113. Metropolis Water. 34 & 35 Vict.

water to any premises unless such regulations as are for the time being in force are duly observed in respect of those premises,

25. A printed copy of regulations relating to any Company dated and purporting to be made as aforesaid, and to be authenticated by the seal of such Company, shall be conclusive evidence of the existence and of the due making, confirmation, and publication of such regulations in all prosecutions or proceedings under the same, without adducing proof of such seals, or of the fact of such confirmation or publication of such regulations or of any of the requirements of this Act relative thereto having been complied with.

Supply of prescribed fittings.

26. When notice in relation to a constant supply in any district has been served upon or by any Company, the party by whom or on whose behalf such notice shall be served shall, within five days after the service thereof, cause to be published a copy of the same once in the London Gazette, and copies of the same once at least in each of two successive weeks in any two daily newspapers circulated within the limits of this Act.

27. Where in any district any Company is required or has proposed to provide a constant supply, such Company may, at any time after the expiration of one month after the publication in the London Gazette of a copy of the notice requiring or proposing such constant supply, unless a memorial or application has been presented or made to the Board of Ti*ade objecting to such constant supply or seeking an extension of time, and if any such memorial or application has been presented or made, then at such time after the determination of the Board of Trade in relation to such memorial or application as such Board shall approve and order, cause to be served on the owner or occupier of any premises within such district a notice requiring such owner or occupier to supply such premises with the prescribed fittings.

28. Every owner or occupier of premises upon whom notice to that effect has been served shall, within two months after the date of the service of such notice, provide the prescribed fittings, and shall from time to time keep the same in proper repair.

29. Where in any district any Company is required or has proposed to provide a constant supply, and

Any owner, or occupier of premises upon whom notice to provide prescribed fittings has been served by such Company makes default in providing the prescribed fittings, such Company, if they think fit, may provide such fittings; or

Where in any such district the fittings of any person are out of order, and not as prescribed, such Company may by notice in writing require such person, within twenty-four hours after the date of the service of such notice, to cause the same to be repaired, so as to prevent any waste of water; and

1871. Meti'opoUs Water. Ch, 113,

if any person fail to comply with the terms of such notice such Company (if they think fit) may repair the fittings of such person.

The expenses incurred by such Company in providing such fittings or in making such repairs shall be paid to them by the person liable to pay the rate for the water supplied or on whose credit the water is supplied by means of such fittings, or by the owner of the premises.

All such expenses may be recovered, with costs, from the owner, and to the extent of any rent due by the occupier of the premises from such occupier, by proceedings in a court of summary jurisdiction, or by action in any court having jurisdiction locally in the matter, as if the same were an ordinary simple contract debt; and any sum and costs so recovered from an occupier may be deducted by him from the rent payable by him to the owner, and shall Jbe allowed by the owner and every other person interested in the rent, as if the same had been actually paid as rent; but if in any case an occupier fails to disclose the amount of rent due by him, or the name or address of the owner, he shall be liable to pay the whole amount of such expenses and costs: Provided that as between any such owner and occupier nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect any contract made between them respecting the payment of the expenses of any such works as aforesaid.

30. Where in any district any Company is required or has p0Wer to proposed to provide a constant supply, the officers or agents of enter premises such Company, or of the party requiring such supply, or any person appointed for such purpose by the Board of Trade may, of fittmgs. at all reasonable times, enter any premises within such district, in order to inspect the premises for the purposes of this Act, and examine the^ame with a view to ascertain whether there are in or about the same the prescribed fittings, or, where authorised under the provisions of this Act, to provide or repair the fittings; and if any person hinder any such officer, agent, or person from entering and making such inspection or examination, or providing or repairing such fittings, every person so offending shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

31. In the event of any dispute as to whether the fittings Settlement of

of any person are as prescribed, such dispute shall be settled *£c

by the court of summary jurisdiction, on the application of of fittkjgf.* ° either party, which court may make such order as to the

amount of the costs of the proceedings before such court as seems just, and the decision of such court shall be final and binding on all parties.

32. Where in any district any Company is required or has Penalties for

proposed to provide a constant supply, — Me^with^he

If any person supplied with water by such Company wil- Gf

fully or negligently causes or suffers any fittings to be out of Act. repair, or to be so used or contrived as that the water supplied to him by such Company is or is likely to be wasted, misused,

3 £ 3

6#6 Ch. 118. Metropolis Water. 84 & 35 VICTJ

unduly consumed, or contaminated, or so as to occasion or allow the return of foul air or other noisome or impure matter into any pipe belonging to or connected with the pipes of such Company, he shall for every such offenoe be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; or

If any person supplied with water by such Company wrongfully does or causes or permits to be done anything in contravention of any of the provisions of the special Act or this Act, or wrongfully fails to do anything which, under any of those provisions, ought to be done for the prevention of the waste, misuse, undue consumption, or contamination of the water of such Company, they may (without prejudice to any remedy against him in respect thereof) cut off any of the pipes by or through which water is supplied by them to him or for his use, ami may oease to supply him with water, bo long as the cause of injury remains or is not remedied; and in every case of so cutting off or ceasing to supply, the Company shall within twenty-four hours thereafter give to the nuisance authority, as defined by the Sanitary Act, 1866, notice thereof.

Absence of 33. The ahsence in respect of any premises of the prescribed Sums* J, ater after the prescribed time shall be a nuisance, within.

prexEU8es to be section 11 and sections 12-19 (inclusive) of the Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, and within all provisions of the same or any other Act applying, amending, or otherwise relating to those sections; and that nuisance, if in any case proved to exist, shall be presumed to be such as to render the premises unfit for human habitation within section 13 of the Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, unless ^><1 until the contrary is shown to the satisfaction of the justices acting under that section.

34. Section 32 of the Metropolitan Eire Brigade Act, 1865, shall operate, subject and according to the provisions following; (that is to say,)

(1.) In that section and in this provision the term "fireplug " and the term "plug " shall include hydraat and all other apparatus necessary or proper in connexion with the Company's pipes for supply of water in case of fire:

(2.) Where a Company give a constant supply in any pari of their water limits they may, if they think fit* give notice thereof to the Metropolitan Board of Works:

(3.) If the Metropolitan Board of Works do not within two months after receipt of any such notice specify, as regards that part of the Company's water limits, what plugs for supply of water in case of fire, at what places, of what dimensions, and in what form they require the Company to provide, then, at any time after the expiration of that time, the Company may, if they think fit, provide in and for that part

a nuisance.

Provision

respecting

fire-plugs.

1871. Metropolis Water. Off. 118. 687

rf their water limits such plugs for supply of water in ease of fire, at such places, of such dimensions, and in such form as to the Company seem necessary or proper:

(4.) Thereupon, as regards that part of the Company's water limits, the Company shall be deemed to have fully discharged all obligations imposed on them by the said section 32:

(5.) All plugs provided by a Company in pursuance of this provision may, for the purposes of the fire brigade, be used as if they had been provided on the requisition of the Metropolitan Board of Works under the said section 32:

(6.) The providing of plugs by a Company under this provision shall be at the expense of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the cost, charges, and expenses of the Company in or about the providing of the same shall be paid to the Company by the Metropolitan Board of Works, on demand, out of their general rate, and in default may be sued for and recovered, with costs, by the Company in any oourt of competent jurisdiction for the recovery of any ordinary simple contract debt of the like amount.

Quality of Water.

35. The Board of Trade may at any time, if and when Power to they think fit, appoint a competent person to inquire into

and report on the quality of the water furnished by any sonstoinquire Company, notwithstanding that no complaint has been made and report an and signed by twenty inhabitant householders, as prescribed of

by section 9 of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852; and sections 10 and 11 and 13, and the other provisions of that Act, shall apply in every respect as if such person were appointed under section 9 of that Act, and as if any matter reported to the Board of Trade as requiring alteration on the part of a Company had been the subject of a complaint by such householders as aforesaid.

36. There shall be a water examiner, being a competent Appointment and impartial person, from time to time appointed by and removable by the Board of Trade, who shall from time to miner, time, in such manner as the Board of Trade direct, examine

the water supplied by any Company, in order to ascertain whether or not the Company have complied with the requirements of section of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, and shall from time to time report the results of his several examinations to the Board of Trade; and the Board of Trade shall send a copy of every such report to the Company to which the same relates, and the Company may, if they think fit, on each occasion of such examination, be represented thereat by some officer, but such officer shall not interfere in the examination.

Ch. 113.

Account *, Ac.

Auditor of accounts.

Ascertainment of capital of

Companies.

Periodical audit of accounts.

Facilities for auditor.

Metropolis Water. 34 & 35 Vict.

There shall be paid to such water examiner such remuneration by the Companies and in such proportions as such Board appoints.

Accounts.

37. Every Company shall, on or before the thirty-first day of July in each year, fill up and forward to the Board of Trade, and to the town clerk of the city of London, and to the Metropolitan Board of Works, and to the vestry clerk of each parish within which water is supplied by each Company respectively not within the city of Loridoh, a statement of account, made up1 to the end of their financial year then last passed, in such fofrm and containing such particulars as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Trade.

Each Company shall keep copies Of such statement at their office for one year after the date thereof, and Sell the samte to any applicant at a price not exceeding one shilling for each swell copy.

In case any Company make defhult in complying with any of the provisions of this section, they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds for each day during which such default continues.

38. There shall be an auditor of the accounts of the Companies, being a competent and impartial person, from time to time appointed by and removable by the Board of Trade.

There shall be paid to such auditor such remuneration by the Companies and in such proportions as such Board appoints.

39. The auditor shall, with all practicable speed after the passing of this Act, investigate the accounts of the Companies, and ascertain and certify the amounts of their capitals, distinguishing share from loan capital, and shall ascertain and certify the capital of each Company, and shall from time to time, as new capital shall be expended, in like manner ascertain and certify the amount of such new capital that has been bona fide expended for the purposes of the undertaking. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the auditor shall ^not investigate the accounts of any Company antecedent to the date mentioned in that behalf in relation to such Company in the Schedule C. to this Act annexed.

40. The auditor shall once in every half year audit the accounts of the Companies.

If he finds the accounts correct he shall certify the same, but if in any instance he finds the accounts of any Company incorrect in principle or in detail, he shall require such Company to correct such accounts in such manner as be thinks right, and no future dividend shall in any case be declared by any Company until their accounts are certified by the auditor; provided that; the suspension of a dividend under this section shall not operate until after the expiration of nine months from the date of the audit.

41. Each Company shall, during as well as subsequent to the dose of that naif year to which the accounts relate, give

1871. Metropolis Water. Ch. 113. 609

to the auditor, his clerks and assistants, access to the books and documents of such Company, and shall, when required, furnish to him and them all vouchers and information requisite for the purposes of the audit, and shall afford to him and them all facilities for the proper execution of his and their duty; and any Company making default in complying with any of the provisions of this section shall, for every such default, be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

421 If any Company think themselves aggrieved by any Arbitration act or determination of the auditor, the matter in difference shall be referred to the determination of an arbitrator agreed company, on between such Company and the auditor, or, in default of agreement, appointed, on the application of either party, by the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Fleas; and the reference shall be subject and according to the provisions of the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854; and the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive; and, subject to this provision, such Company shall observe and abide by the directions and determinations of the auditor.

Arbitration.

43. Where any dispute arises between any persons what- Disputes may soever in relation to the execution of this Act, or to any act, matter, or thing incident to or consequent upon the execution of the same, and where the method of determining any such question in dispute is not expressly provided for, such question may, if the parties so desire, be settled by arbitration in manner prescribed by the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the settlement of disputes by arbitration.

Penalties,

44. Every penalty incurred by any Company by reason of non-compliance with any of the provisions of this Act shall plateau* ° go and belong to the metropolitan authority within the jurisdiction of which the same has been incurred, and may be

sued for and recovered by such metropolitan authority in any court of competent jurisdiction for the recovery of any ordinary simple contract debt of the like amount, and shall be paid and applied as such metropolitan authority shall from time to time direct.

Every such penalty shall be borne and paid (to the satisfaction of the auditor appointed as in this Act provided) exclusively by and out of the divisible profits of the Company by whom the penalty is incurred, and by way of reduction of dividend.

45. Except as is by the next preceding section expressly Pr0"

provided, all penalties under this Act may be sued for and kc.

recovered in the " Court of Summary Jurisdiction."

Form and service, &c. of instruments.

Act not to apply to certain property and accounts of New Hirer Company.

Incoming tenant not to pay arrears of outgoing tenant, unless by express agreement.

Amendment of sections 17 and 18 of Metropolis Water Act, 1852.

Ch. 113. Metropolis Water. 34 & 35 Vict.

Miscellaneous.

46. Any instrument (including a notice, order, resolution, declaration, requisition, consent, approval, disproval, or other document) made, given, delivered, or served under this Act, or any regulation thereunder, may be either in print or in writing (including lithograph), or partly in print and partly in writing (including lithograph), and, if the instrument of a Company, shall be sufficiently authenticated by the name of their secretary being affixed thereto in print or writing, or by a stamp on behalf of the Company; and it shall be sufficient in all cases where any such instrument is required to be given to or served on the owner or occupier of any premises to address it to such owner or occupier by his description as owner or occupier (as the case may be) of the premises (naming them) in respect of which it is given or served, without further name or description; and any suck instrument may be addressed to owners or occupiers of any number of contiguous or neighbouring premises collectively, and when so addressed may be served on more owners ai^d occupiers than one (so that separate copies be served on the respective owners and occupiers of the several premises concerned); and any such instrument may be served on any owner, occupier, or other person either personally or by sending the same through the post in a letter addressed to him by name at his last knows place of abode or business, or by delivering the same to some inmate at his last known or usual place of abode or business^ or in case of an occupier to any inmate of the premises in respect of which it is given or served, or if the premises tat unoccupied and the place of abode of the person to be served is, after diligent inquiry, unknown, it shall be sufficient to affix it, or a copy thereof, on some conspicuous part of such premises.

47. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to apply to any of the landed estate, houses, or property of the New River Company not directly used for or connected with their water supply, or to authorise or empower tile auditor to investigate or audit any accounts of the New River Company other than those relating to their water supply.

48. In case any consumer leave the premises where water was supplied to him without paying to the Company the rate due from him, the Company shall not require from the next tenant of the premises payment of the arrears so left unpaid, unless the incoming tenant agreed with the defaulting consumer to pay the arrears, but the Company shall, notwithstanding any such arrears, supply water to the incoming tenant, on being required by him so to do.

49. Sections 17 and 18 of the Metropolis Water Act, 1854, shall be read as if instead of the words " district mains " and district main in the said sections the wotds " pipes" and "pipe" were substituted respectively; and every Company shall, upon the map, and upon every alteration of the same

187L Metropolis Water. Ch. 118. 611

made in conformity with the provisions of the said section 17, as amended by this section, cause to be marked every screw-cock or apparatus by means of which water is permitted to flow or is prevented from flowing from the main into any pipe within the water limits of such Company.

50. Except as in this Act provided, nothing in this Act for shall take away, abridge, or prejudicially affect any right or power which a Company would have had under their special Act or the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, or under any charter or otherwise, if this Act had not been passed.

Costs.

5L All costs, charges, and expenses of or incidental to the Expenses preparing, applying for, and passing of this Act, and of pro- of Act* moting the Bill for the like purposes introduced previous to the same, shall be paid "by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, and the Metropolitan Board of Works, in such proportions and as and to whom the Board of Trade shall direct.

SCHEDULE A.

Places.

Description of Metropolitan Authority.

The City of London and the liberties thereof

The metropolis, except the City of London and the liberties thereof.

Any place within the limits of this Act not included in the above descriptions, and under the jurisdiction of commissioners, trustees, or other persons intrusted by any Local Act with powers of improving, cleansing, or paving such place.

Any place within the limits of this Act not included in the above descriptions, and within the jurisdiction of local boards constituted in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, or one of such Acts.

Any place or parish within the limits of this Act not within the above descriptions, and in which a rate is levied for the main* tenanoe of the poor.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London.

The Metropolitan Board of Works.

The commissioners, trustees, or other persons intrusted by the Local Act with powers of improving cleansing, or paving.

The local board.

The vestry, select vestry, or other body of persons acting by virtue of any Act of Parliament, prescription, custom, or otherwise, as or instead of a vestry or select vestry.

SCHEDULE B.

Parts of the Metropolis Water Act, 1852, which are referred to in section 5 of the foregoing Act, viz.: —

Section 15, except so much thereof as prescribes the height at which the Kent Waterworks Company and the East London Waterworks Company are respectively required to give their supply, sections 19 to 22y both inclusive, and section 27.

612

Ch. 113, 114.

Tramways (Ireland). SCHEDULE C.

34 & 35 Vict.

Setting forth in relation to each Compa/ny the date antecedent to which the accounts of such Company shall not be investigated.

Name.

Date.

The Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Am well to London, commonly called the New River Company.

The Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks.

The Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company - The West Middlesex Waterworks Company The Lambeth Waterworks Company The Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks.

The Grand Junction Waterworks Company The Company of Proprietors of the Kent Waterworks.

16th day of July 1866.

15th day of July 1867.

12th day of April 1867. 13th day of May 1869. 13th day of May 1869. 3rd day of June 1864.

29th day of May 1868. 30th day of June 1864.

CHAP. 114.

An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 and 1861.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend "The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860/' and "The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Tramways 1. Notwithstanding anything contained in " The Tramways b^mechanic^ (Ireland) Act, 1860/' the grand jury of any county may power? 1 approve of any application for authority to make and maintain a tramway to be worked by a locomotive engine or other mechanical power, and the Lord Lieutenant may make an Order in Council authorising the making and maintaining of such tramway, subject to such conditions and restrictions as the grand jury or the Lord Lieutenant respectively may think fit to make with respect to the speed at which any train upon such tramway should be moved, or the nature of the traffic to be conveyed on such tramways. The term "grand jury of any county " in this section shall include all and any of the parties or persons mentioned in section thirty-eight of "The Tramways Act, 1860," and thereby declared in the cases therein mentioned to be in the place of the grand

1871. Tramways (Ireland). Ch. 114.

jury, and having and being subject to all the like rights, powers, and duties.

2. Every tramway which is hereafter authorised under the authority of this Act, or of the Acts to be read together with this Act, shall be laid and maintained in such manner that the uppermost surface of the rail shall be on a level with the surface of any road along or across which the same shall be laid, and no tramway to be worked by a locomotive engine or other mechanical power shall be opened for public traffic until the same has been inspected and* certified to be fit for such traffic by an engineer to be appointed for such purpose by the Board of Trade; and the Regulation of Railways Acts, 1840-1871, so far as circumstances will admit, and subject to the provisions of this Act, shall apply to every tramway to be worked by a locomotive engine or other mechanical power as if such tramway were a railway; and in the construction of the said Act for the purposes of this Act the term "company'' in the said Acts shall include the owner of any such tramway.

3. Every locomotive propelled by steam on any tramway in Ireland under the authority of this Act shall be worked according to the following rules and regulations; viz.,

1. The whistle of such locomotive shall not be sounded for any purpose whatever; nor shall the cylinder taps be opened within sight of any person riding, driving, leading, or in charge of a horse upon the road; nor shall the steam be allowed to attain a pressure such as to exceed the limit fixed by the safety-valve, so that no steam shall blow off when the locomotive is upon the tramway:

2. Every person in charge of such locomotive shall provide

two efficient lights, to be affixed conspicuously one at each side on the front of the same, between the hours of one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrisa

In the event of a non-compliance with any of the provisions of this section, the owner or owners of the locomotives shall, on summary conviction thereof before two justices, be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

4. It shall not be lawful to drive any such locomotive along any such tramway at a greater speed than six miles an hour, or through any city, town, or village at a greater speed than three miles an hour; and any person acting contrary thereto shall for every such offence, on summary conviction thereof, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds.

5. "The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860/' and "The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861," as amended by this Act, and this Act, shall be read together as one Act

613

Mode of formation of tramway and inspection of sazne.

Locomotives on tramways.

Restraint on speed of locomotives on tramways.

Recited Acts and this Act to be read together.

Schedule 1.

Schedule 2.

Schedule 3.

Schedule 4.

Schedule 5.

Schedule 6.

Schedule 7.

Schedule 8.

Schedule 9.

Schedule 10.

Schedule 11.

Cer. 115. Turnpike Acts (hntmuomce, <£(X 34 & 35 Vict.

CHAP. 115.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further provisions concerning Turnpike Roads.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited time some of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others, and to make further provisions concerning turnpike roads:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Acts specified in the first schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed on and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

2. The Acts specified in the second schedule annexed hereto shall expire at the time in that behalf mentioned in "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1870/ *

3. The Acts specified in the third schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed on and after the date in that behalf mentioned in "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1870."

4. The Act specified in the fourth schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed on and after the thirty-first day of December oiie thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

5. The Acts specified in the fifth schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

6. The Acts specified in the sixth schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the twenty-third day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

7. The Act specified in the seventh schedule annexed hei^eto shall continue in force until the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

8. The Act specified in the eighth schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

9. The Acts specified in the ninth schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

10. The Acts specified in the tenth schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

U. The Acts specified in the eleventh schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

1871. Turnpike Act$ Continuance, &c. Cvu 1 IS. 616

12. All other Acts now in. force for regulating, making, Continuance amending, or repairing afoy tiirupake> road in Great Britain ^her which will expire at or before the end of the next session of Act^e*Lpt Parliament shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and

to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, except an Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of Her presort 13 & 14 Vict. Majesty, chapter forty-nine," for managing and repairing the c- road leading from Foxley Hatch in the parish of Croydon u to the town of Reigate in the county of Surrey," which shall continue in force until the fifth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

13. The following Acts shall be repealed on and aftepr the 7 G. 4. c. 142., first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, namely, an Act of the seventh year of King George the Fourth, 27 Vict. c. 78. chapter one hundred and forty-two," for consolidating the (Pub )>to

" Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the neighbourhood °g72

" of the Metropolis, north of the River Thames, J an Act of the tenth year of King George the Fourth, chapter fifty-nine,

" to amend an Act of the seventh year of His present Majesty,

" for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads " in the neighbourhood of the Metropolis, north of the River Thames, and to make and maintain two new or Branch Roads " to communicate with the said Metropolis Roads \ and an Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-eight, "to amend the Acts " relating to the Turnpike Roads in the neighbourhood of the " Metropolis, north of the River Thames."

14. The second section of the Act of the twenty-fourth and Sect. 2. of twenty-fifth years of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty- 24 & eight, shall be repealed on and after the first day of November to be repealed, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

15. When, in accordance with the provisions of the annual Contribution Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1863, an order has been made

on the highway board of a district to contribute to the repair Teva^ of a of a turnpike road, any moneys paid by the board in pursuance turnpike road of such order shall be deemed to be expenses incurred for the common use or benefit of the several parishes within such f^d. district, and shall be charged accordingly to the district fund.

So much of the said Act as prescribes that such moneys shall be deemed expenses incurred by the board in respect of the repair of the highways in the parish in which the turnpike road is situated for which such contribution is required is hereby repealed.

16. Where, in accordance with the provisions of the Annual Moneys paid Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1867, or the Annual Turn-

pike Acts Continuance Act, 1868, the trustees or commissioners expiration to of & turnpike road which has become an ordinary highway pay the treasurer

3 F 2

of a highway board to go to district fond, fqrtheoovuBon use of district

On expiration of a trust, toll houses, &c. not to be sold without consent of highway authority.

Extension of 28 & 2d Vict c. 107. s. 3.

Ch. 115. Turnpike Acts Cointimmincc, &c. 34 & 35 Vict.

any of the moneys remaining in their hander on the expiration of their trust to the treasurer of any highway district in which such road is situated, such moneys shall he placed to the credit of the district fund, for the common use or benefit of the several parishes within such district.

So much of the said Annual Turnpike Ants Continuance Act, 1867, as prescribes that such moneys, after having been paid to the treasurer of a highway district, shall he distributed amongst the parishes within such district in proportion to the mileage of such road in each parish, is hereby repealed.

17. The trustees or commissioners of a turnpike trust about to expire shall not sell any toll-house, or the site thereof, or any part of the site, or any part of any garden or land belonging thereto, without giving notice in writing not later than two months before the expiration of such trust to the highway authority on which an order might under the provisions of the Act of the session of the fourth and fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-nine, or the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1863, be made for contribution to the repair of such road where it adjoins the said premises; and such authority, if of opinion that the road would be improved by the addition thereto of such premises or any part thereof, may, within one month of such notice, require the trustees or commissioners to make such improvement, and it shall be incumbent on such trustees or commissioners to give effect to such requisition.

Provided that if the trustees or commissioners feel aggrieved at such requisition they may appeal to the general or quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the place wherein such premises are situated, at the next court held not less than fifteen days after the receipt of such requisition.

The appellants shall, within seven days after receipt of such requisition, give a notice in writing to the highway authority of their intention to appeal

The court may adjourn the appeal, and at the hearing thereof may make such order in the matter, and also such order as to costs, to be paid by either party, as the court thinks just.

No order made in pursuance of this section shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari or otherwise into any superior court.

Any sale or agreement for any sale made with a view to evade the provisions of this section shall be void; provided that nothing herein contained shall invalidate any sale or contract for sale bona fide made before the passing of this Act.

18* It shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State from time to time, at his discretion, to prolong the period during which the trustees or commissioners of a turnpike road that is about to become or has become an

617

1871. Turnpike Acta Continuance, &c. Ctt. 115.

ordinary highway may hold meetings for the winding up of the affairs of their trust or commission.

19. The trustees or commissioners of a turnpike trust about Provision for to expire shall publish a notice specifying a time within which ^ch^ed claims in respect of any principal moneys or interest secured mortgage upon the revenues of such road may be sent in writing to the debt». clerk of the trust.

Such notice shall be published once in the London daily Times newspaper and twice (once in each of two successive weeks) in a newspaper usually circulated in the county or counties in which the road is situated.

The first publication of such notice shall be made, as nearly as may be, two months before the expiration of the trust.

The time so to be specified shall not be earlier than two or later than three months from the date of the first publication of such notice.

After the expiration of the time specified in the notice, no claim shall be received for any such principal moneys or interest, and so much of the mortgage debt of the said trust as consists of principal moneys or interest for which no claim has been sent in shall be extinguished,

20. The seventy-fifth section of the Act of the fourth year 4 G.4*C*J5-of His late Majesty George the Fourth, chapter ninety-five, spaded, shall be repealed on and after the first day of the year one and the pro-thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; and instead thereof, 27 & 8 Vict be it enacted, if any horse, mare, gelding, bull, ox, cow, heifer, c 101 g 2t. steer, calf, mule, ass, sheep, lamb, goat, kid, or swine is at any to be enacted, time found straying or lying about any turnpike road, or across any part thereof, or by the sides thereof (except on such parts of any turnpike road as pass over any common or waste or unenclosed ground), the owner or owners thereof shall, for every animal so found straying or lying, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five shillings, to be recovered in a summary manner, together with the reasonable expense of removing such animal from the turnpike road where it is found to the fields or stable of the owner or owners, or to the common pound (if any) of the parish where the same shall be found, or to such other place as* may have been provided for the purpose: Provided always, that no owner of any such animal shall in any case pay more than thirty shillings, to be recovered as aforesaid, over and above such reasonable expenses as aforesaid, including the usual fees and charges of the authorised keeper of the pound: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall be deemed to extend to take away any right of pasturage which may exist on the sides of any turnpike road.

[Short title.]

2L This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1871/?

3 F 3

Ill

3, 54

34

22

89

60

' 2, 91

>9, 132

73

135

18, 14$

85

56

27

65

33

143

19

47

122

9

26

08, 12

113, 1

124, 1

141

83

3, 5

11

71

49

36

103

o

147

62

119

109

120

14

16

146

31

50, 51

18

23

95, 1C

32

138

1

no

43

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULES 1 to 10.

Name of Trust.

Puddlehill .....

Twyford and Theale -Buckingham and Hanwell, Upper Division Princes Risborough and Thame Hauxton and Dunsbridge -Paper Mills -

Acton Bridge and Hartford Green Macclesfield District of the Sandon-Span Smithy and Linley Lane Callington -

Truro and Redruth p -Kingstown and West Linton Bridge Longtown -

Nottingham Road, Derby to Risley -Sheffield and Gander Lane Boroughbridge and Durham (part)? -

Darlington and Cockerton Bridge (united)

Durham and Tyne Bridge -

Gateshead and Hexham -

Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton-under-Edge, Frocester, and Cainscross.

Cheltenham and Tewkesbury -

North gate -

Sodbury Division and Cirencester and Bath (united)

Stow and Moreton (united) -

Tewkesbury

Basingstoke, Odiham, and Alton, and Odiham and F&m ham (united).

Portsmouth and Sheetbridge Stockbridge and Winchester -Winchester, Upper District Winchester and Alton, Lower District Ledbury -

Cheshunt -

St. Albans and Barnet Sparrows Heme -

Wadesmill -

Watton -

Godmanchester and Cambridge -Somersham -Hartford and Strood Dover to Barham Downs Dover to Sandwich, through Deal Faversham, Hythe, and Canterbury -Tonbridge -Whitstable -

Barton Bridge and Moses Gate Crossford Bridge and Manchester Liverpool, Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington Liverpool to Preston Livesey Branch

Manchester to Rochdale, &c., Manchester District -Pendleton -

126

96

77

78

17

76

93

86

4

13

98

140

133

106

139

34

46

69

48

17

114

67

82

144

21

68

64

63

30

126

141

16

68

126

8

41

118

6, i:

66

44

130

100

42

90

142

10

70

20

76

92

61,:

88

99

66

94

80

24

Name of Trofct.

No. of Schedule.

Bridgford Lane and Kettering, South Part of Northern Division.

Burton Bridge to Market Bosworth

Leicester and Lutterworth -Melton Mowbray - Bourn -

Bridge End -

Deeping and Morcott -

Lincoln, Brigg, Barton, Caistor, and Melton Spalding Barrier Bank -Chepstow -Lynn, Ea3t Gate -Lynn, South Gate -Norwich and Scole -Norwich, Swaffham, and Mattishall Norwich and Yarmouth -

Buckingham and Hanwefl, Lower Division Kettering and Northampton -Market Harborough and Welford Peterborough and Wellingborough, and Elton Branch

Ditto Clapton Branch

Wansford and Stamford -Wellingborough and Northampton -

Alemouth and Hexham, Eastern District -Alnwick and Eglingham -

Cow Cawsey and Buckton Burn - ,

Wooler and Adderstone -

Bawtry and Scrooby

Bingham -

Foston Bridge and Little Drayton -Kirkby and Pinxton -

Nottingham and Kettering, Northern Division Burford, Chipping Norton, Banbury, and Aynho Drayton Lane to Edgehill -

Gosford Road -

Nottingham and Kettering, Southern Division Oakham -

Ellesmere District, Wem Division -Oswestry -Chard -Radstock -Wiveliscombe -Ashby-de-la-Zouch to Tutbury Newcastle-under-Lyme and Drayton Walton-in-Stone to Eccleshall Ipswich to South Town, and Darsham to Bungay South Town -

Broil Park Gate to Battle -Horsebridge and Horeham Mid hurst and Sheetbridge -Rye -

Tunbridge Wells and Uckfield Alcester, United -Birmingham and Spernal Ash Birmingham to Stonebridge Birmingham and Stratford-on-Avon -Birmingham, Warwick, and W&rmington Birmingham and Watford Gap

Ditto Kingsbury Branch

10

9

9

9

2

9

9

9

1

2

9

10

10

9

10

2

3

9

2

10

9

9

10

2

9

9

9

2

10

10

2

9

10

2

2

10

10

7

3

10

9

2

9

10

2

9

2

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

2

County. Name of Trust No. of Schedule. Mo. of Act

Warwick — Coventry and Wolvey - 9 57

eont. Dunchurch to Stonebridge -Evesham and Alcester, Alcester District - 9 74

10 115

Great Kington and Wellesbourne - - 9 102

Stonebridge and Kenilworth - Warwick, Paddlebrook, and Stratford - - 2 9 7 84

Wellesbourn and Stratford ..... 9 101

Westmor- Ambleside ---- 10 128

land. Wilts Amesbury - - 2 37a

Caine ---- 2 6

Marlborough and Froxfield - 2 28

Worcester - West bury - - -Birmingham and Bromsgrove - - 10 9 r o 131 97 35 45

Dudley and Brettell Lane, and Pedmore and Rowley (united) { I

Evesham, First District, Pershore Division 10 124

Evesham and Alcester, Evesham District - 10 115

Innings Lane - - - 2 12

Kidderminster ---- 10 123

Upton-on-Sevem ---- 9 79

York Birstal and Huddersfield - 2 29, 38

Boroughbridge and Durham (part) - 2 33

Bradford and Wakefield - 10 116

Dewsbury and Ealand - - 2 39

Doncaster and-Salterehrook - 2 25

Dudley Hilly Killinghall, and Harrowgate - -Harrowg&te and Hewick, and Ripon and Pateley Bridge 5 52

10 112, 121

(united). Hull and Beverley - - - 2 37

Leeds and Harrowgate - - 10 145

Rochdale, Halifax, and Eliand - 9 106

Sedbergh ---- 10 134

Tadcaster Bridge to Hob Moor Lane End 9 104

York to Kexby Bridge, and Grimston to Stone Dale 9 87

Denbigh Llanrwst - 2 40

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the 1st of November 1871.

Date of Act.

Title of Act 1

11 G. 4. c. xxx. Limited to expire at end of session after 1 Nov. 1871.

U 2W. 4. c. lxxiv. -Limited to expire dt end of session after 1 Nw. 1871.

2 W. 4. c. xxx.

Limited to expire at end of session after 1 Nov. 1871.

1. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Boiton-le-Moors to Blackburne in the county palatine of Lancaster, with two branches of road therefrom; and for making and maintaining a branch of road to or near the village of Lower Darwen.

2. " An Act for more effectually improving the road from the Pondyards in the county of Hertford to the Town of Chipping Barnet in tht same county.

3. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Odiham in the county of Southampton to Farnham in the oountr of Surrey.

Date of Act. Title of Act. i

1 & 2 Vict. o. lxxviii. -Limited to expire at end of session after 1 Nov. 1871. 2 Vict. c. *1 r. Limited to expire at end of session after 1 Nov. 1871. 4. An Act for amending an Act of King 4*$orge the Third, for draining lands in South Holland, and for repairing and maintaining tho road from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in: the county of Lincoln. 5. An Act for repairing several roads leading to the towns of Basing^ stoke, Odiham, and Alton, in the county of Southampton, and for making several deviations in the line of the said roads. a

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (1st November 1871) mentioned in

33 & 34 Vict. c. 73.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

53 G. 3. c. cxxviii. - 6. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Wilts.

54 G. 3. c. xv. 7. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of too Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Warwick Road near Solihull to the guide post in Kenilworth, and from Stonebridge, to meet the aforesaid road at Balsall Common, in the county of Warwick, so far as respects the said road from Stonebridge to Balsall Common, and from thence to the said town of Kenilworth.

57 G. 3. c. xlvi. 8. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Stamford in the county of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road in the parish of Greetham in the county of Rutland.

58 G. 3. c. v. - 9. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of too Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from the city of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester.

1 & 2 6. 4. c. xxvii. - 10. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the road from near the place where the Broil Park Gate formerly stood to the Horsebridge Turnpike Road on the Dicker, and from the Blacksmith's Shop in HorseDridge Street to the town of Battle in the county of Sussex.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lvi. - 11. An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, for repairing the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road near Ropley, in the county of Southampton.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xci. 12. An Act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from Kidderminster in the county of Worcester, and several other roads connected therewith, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; so far as the same relates to the " Innings Lane " district of the roads.

3 G. 4. c. ii. - 13. An Act for repairing and maintaining certain roads leading to and from Chepstow and other places in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, called the District of Chepstow and the New Passage District.

3 G. 4. c. lxx* 14. An Act for repairing, widening, and maintaining the road leading from Dartford to and through Northfleet and Gravesend, and thence to the Stones End near the parish church of Strood in the county of i Kent.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

3 G. 4. c; xe.

4 G. 4. c. lxxxi.

4 G. 4. c. cxi.

5 G. 4. c. lxxxviii.

5 G. 4. c. cii.

6 G. 4. c. xi. -6 G. 4. c. xxriii. 6 G. 4. o. xlv.

6 G. 4. c. xlvii.

7 G. 4. o. xxii.

7 G. 4. c. cxxx.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. xvi.

7 ft 8 G. 4. c. xxvii.

f -

tv., >. j:.i

7 ft 8 G. 4. c. lii.

- 16. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from ike Guide Post

near the end of DtttTton Lane, near Banbury in the county of Oxford, to the house called the Sun Rising, at the top of Edge Hill in the county of Warwick.

- 16. An Act for amending and keeping m repair the roads from Dover

to Barham Downs, and from Dover to the town of Folkestone, and from thence through the parish of Folkestone to Sandgate in the county of Kent; so far as the same relates to the Dover to Barham Downs Road.

- 17. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Wansford

Bridge in the county of Northampton to Stamford, and from Stamford to Bourn in the county of Lincoln.

- 18. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads leading from Saint

Dunstan's Cross to North Lane near to the city of Canterbury, and to the sea side at Whitstable in the county of Kent, and for widening and improving the road from North Lane aforesaid over West Gate Bridge to the West Gate of the said city, and for making a foot bridge on each side of the said bridge and gate into the said city.

- 19. An Act for repairing the road from the city of Durham to Tyne

Bridge, and for making and maintaining a collateral branch, and certain other branches, to communicate respectively with certain parts of the sadd road in the parishes of Chesterde-Street and Gateshead, all in the county of Durham.

- 20. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Mid-

hurst in the county of Sussex to the London and Portsmouth Turnpike Road between the fifty-second and fifty-third milestones near Sheet Bridge in the county of Southampton.

- 21. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and

keeping in repair the road from Woolerto the Great North Turnpike Road at or near to Adderstone Lane in the county of Northumberland.

- 22. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads

passing through Princes Risborough in the county of Buckingham, and communicating with Aylesbury and Great Marlow in the said county, and Thame in the county of Oxford.

- 23. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and maintaining

the road from Barton Bridge in the parish of Eccles, through the township of Worsley, to Moses Gate in the township of Famworth, and for making, repairing, and improving other roads to communicate therewith, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

- 24. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham to Watford Gap

in the parish of Sutton Coldfield in the county of Warwick, and other roads communicating therewith; so far as the same relates to the Kingsbury Branch Road.

- 26. An Act for more effectually improving the roads from Doncaster

to Salter's Brook Bridge, and for diverting and altering the said roads, and making certain branches therefrom, all in the county of York.

- 26. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from the city of

Gloucester to the top of Birdlip Hill, and from the foot of the said hill to the top of Crickley Hill in the county of Gloucester.

- 27. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the

road from the east end of Chapel Bar m Nottingham to the new China Works near Derby, and from the Guide Po3t in the parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry, all in the counties of Nottingham and Derby; so far as the same relates to the road from Derby to Risley.

- 28. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Speenhamland

in the county of Berks to Marlborough in the county of Wilts, so far as relates to the Marlborough district of the said road.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

9 G. 4. c. lxxxiii.

11 G. 4. c. vii.

1. W. 4c.vL *

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xxix.

2 W. 4. c. xxii.

2 W. 4. c. mir.

2 W. 4. c. lxxxiv.

3 W. 4. c. lviii.

3 W. 4. c. xciii.

6 W. 4. o. xxxviii.

6 W. 4. c. lxxxv.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. cxviii.

7 W. 4. c. xxxv.

1 Vict c. xvii.

6 & 7 Vict. c. xxrL -

K* 17 Vict c.exxxy.

29. An Act for amending, diverting, and improving the present roads, and making and maintaining certain new roads between the towns of Birstal and Huddersfield in the We9t Riding of the county of York.

30. An Act for repairing and improving the road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, through Kirkby and Pinxton, to Carter Lane, and to the colliery near Pinxton Green, in the counties of Nottingham and Derby.

31. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the road from the Post Road near Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Castle Street in the city of Canterbury, all in the county of Kent.

32. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and improving the roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

33. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Borough bridge in the county of York to the city of Durham, and for making and maintaining certain deviations therein.

34. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Sessions House in the town of Buckingham to Hanwell in the county of Oxford.

35. An Act for maintaining and improving certain roads within the counties of Worcester and Stafford called "The Dudley and Brettell Lane District of Roads," and for making several branches from such roads — except section forty-six.

36. An Act for more effectually repairing the several roads leading from the borough of Ledbury in the county of Hereford, and the road from the parish of Bromesberrow to the road from Gloucester to Worcester, and for making several roads to communicate therewith.

37. An Act for maintaining the roads from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull to the town of Beverley in the East Riding of the county of York, and from Newland Bridge to the "west end of the town of Cottingham in the same riding.

37a. An Act for move effectually repairing the road from Midleo's Pbod in the county of Southampton, through Amesbury, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the city of New Sarum near Willoughby Hedge in the county of Wilts, and several other roads leading out of the said road.

38. An Act to amend an Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, for diverting, improving, and maintaining the roads between the towns of Birstal and Huddersfield in the West Riding of the county of York.

39. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the road from Dewsbury to Eaiand in the West Riding of the county of York.

40. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining certain roads leading {o and from the town of Llanrwst in the county of Denbigh.

41. An Act for repairing, amen ding, and maintaining the road from Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere in the county of Salop, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and other roads branching out of the some; so far as the same relates to the Wem Division of such roads.

42. An Act for repairing and improving certain roads in the neighbourhood of Trentham and Stone in the county of Stafford, and for making and maintaining a new road from Trentham Inn to the Newcastle-under-Lyme and Market Drayton Turnpike Road in the same county, and another new piece of road in the parish of Trentham aforesaid; so far as the same relates to the Walton in Stone to Eerie-shall, or Second District of Roads.

43. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several roads leading to and from the town of Salford, through Pendleton, and other places in the county palatine of Lancaster.

624 Ch. 115. Turnpike Acts Continuance, <Stc. 34 & 35 Vict.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the date (1st November 1871)

mentioned in 33 & 34 Vict. c. 73.

Bate of Act. Title of Act. %

14 Vict. c. xx. Limited to expire at end of session after 20 May 1872. 15 Vict. c. lxxxvi. Limited to expire at end of session after 21 October 1873. 15 Vict. c. xeix. Limited to expire at end of session after 30 October 1873. 18 & 19 Vict. c. dxxvi. Limited to expire at end of session after 1 November 1876. 44. An Act for maintaining in repair several roads leading from and through the town of Wivelisoojnbe in the county of Somerset, and the roads adjoining thereto in the counties of Somerset mid Devon. 45. An Act to repeal the Acts and parts of Acts relating to the Pedmore and Holly Hall Districts of Roads, and to substitute other provisions for the same. 46. An Act to repeal an Act for repairing the road from Kettering to the town of Northampton in the county of Northampton, and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof. 47. An Act for maintaining and improving the road from Gateshead in the county of Durham to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston Bar in the county of Northumberland, and other roads connected therewith.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Act which is to be repealed on and after tfre 31st of December 1871.

Date of Act Title of Act

18 & 19 Vict. c. evii. Limited to expire at end of session after July 1876. 48. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Peterborough and Wellingborough Turnpike Road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue until the 1st of January 1872, and no longer.

Date of Act Title of Act

57 G. 3. c. xxiii. 49. An Act for amending the roads leading from Basingstone near Bagshot, through Faraham in the county of Surrey, and Alton and New Alresford, to Winchester in the county of Southampton.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. lxiv. - 50. An Act for repairing the roads from Sevenoaks Common to Woods-gate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodagate, in the county of Kent.

7 W. 4. c. xvii. 51. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Sevenoaks Common to Woodagate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodagate, in the county of Kent.

1 & 2 Vict. c. xciv. - 52. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Dudley Hill and Killinghall Turnpike Road, and for making a new road therefrom to communicate with the Leeds and Hairowgate Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the county of York.

Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Ch. 115.

625

Acts which are to continue until the 23rd of January 1872, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

7 G. 4. c. lxxiii. 1 Vict. c. xli. 53. An Act for repairing the road from the thirty-three mile stone in the parish of Ruscombe in the county of Berks towards Reading to a place called the Seven Mile Stone in the parish of Beenham in the same county, and a certain other road communicating therewith. 54. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers and provisions of an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled," An Act for repairing the road " from the Thirty-three Mile Stone in the parish of Ruscombe in the " county of Berks towards Reading to a place called the Seven Mile " S.tone in the parish of Beenham in the said county, and a certain " other road communicating therewith.,

SEVENTH SCHEDULE. Act which is to continue until the 30th of April 1872, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

11 G. 4. c. xxxiv. 55. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving several roads from Radstock to Buckland Dinham, Kilmersdon, Babington, and Hallastrow, and from Norton Down to Norton Saint Philip, in the county of Somerset.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE. Act which is to continue until the 1st of June 1872, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

11 G. 4. c. ix. 56. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads to and from Long-town, and certain other roads communicating therewith, in the county of Cumberland.

NINTH SCHEDULE. Acts which are to continue until the 1st of-November 1872, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

53 G. 3. c. vi. 57. An Act for repairing the road from the city of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Roaa in the parish of Wolvey in the county of Warwick.

63 G. 3. c. xi,

68. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Bawtry in the county of York to Eari Markham Common in the county of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge in the said county of Nottingham.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

54 G. 3. c. lxxxiv.

55 G. 3. c. xlix.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xiii.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xvii.

I & 2 G. 4. c. xxix.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xxx.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. liv.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxi. -1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxiv.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxvi.

3 G. 4. c. c.

4 G. 4. o. xii. 4 G. 4. c. xv.

4 G. 4. o. bpcxii.

5 G. 4. c. xxv.

59. An Act for repairing the road from Aulcester to Wootton Wawen, in the county of Warwick.

60. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Jesus Lane in the town of Cambridge to Newmarket Heath in the county of Cambridge.

61. An Act for repairing the roads from Stratford-upon-Avon in the county of Warwick, through Alcester and Feckenham, to Bradley Brook, in the county of Worcester, and other roads therein mentioned in the same counties.

62. An Act for continuing and amending four Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the roads leading from Wades Mill in the county of Hertford to Barley and Royston in the said county.

63. An Act for continuing the term and amending, altering, and enlarging the powers of an Act of his late Majesty's reign for more effectually repairing the Road from Foston Bridge in the county of Lincoln to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

64. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Newark-upon-Trent in the county of Nottingham to join the road from Nottingham to Grantham in the county of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Foss Road near Bingham, in the said county of Nottingham.

65. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Gander Lame in the county of Derby to Sheffield in the county of York, and from Mosbrough Green to Clown, both in the said county of Derby; and also for widening and altering certain parts of the said roads, and making and maintaining certain branches of road communicating therewith.

66. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham, through Stratford-upon-Avon, to Stratford Bridge in the county of Warwick.

67. An Act for repairing the road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a branch from the said road between Alnwick and Rothbury to Jockey's Dike Bridge, all in the county of Northumberland; so far as the same relates to the Eastern District,

68. An Act to continue and amend two Acts for repairing the road from the turnpike road near the town of Weston-on-the-Green in the county of Oxford to the turnpike road on Kidlington Green in the said county.

69. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads leading from the town of Northampton to Chain Bridge near the town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Post in Kings-thorpe to Welford Bridge, all in the county of Northampton.

70. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the roads from Union Point near Uckfield to the Sea Houses in Eastbourne, and from Horsebridge to Cross in Hand, all in the county of Sussex.

71. An Act for repairing and improving the roads from the town of Stockbridge to the city of Winchester, and from the said city of Winchester to the top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the town of Bishop's Waltham in the county of Southampton, and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate in the town and county of the town of Southampton, and certain roads adjoining thereto; so far as the same relates to the Stockbridge and Winchester Road.

72. An Act for improving and keeping in repair the road from Tar-porley in the county palatine of Chester to the south-east end of Acton Forge near Weverham in the same county.

73. An Act for improving and keeping in repair the road from Span Smithy in the county of Chester to Talk in the county of Stafford.

627

Date of Act. Title of Act

b fi. 4. c. xliiL 74. An Act for repairing the road from D unchurch to Stonebridge in the county of Warwick-

6 G. 4. c. xlifi. 75. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent in the county of Sussex, through Highgate in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Nor-thiani, to Taylor's Comer in the parish of Rye in the county of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Comer in the county of Sussex; and also a piece of road communicating with the said road, called Whitebread Lane, in the said county.

6 G. 4. c. liH. 76. An Act for repairing the road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the south end of Spittlegate in the parish of Grantham in the county of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the turnpike road at or near Bridge End in the same county.

6 G. 4. c. lxxx. 77. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, filtering, and improving the road from the borough of Leicester to the town of Lutterworth in the county of Leicester.

6 G. 4. c. lxxxL 78. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the road from Melton Mowbray in the county of Leicester to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and the road branching from the said road at or near a certain place in the lordship of Barkby in the said county called the Round Hill, to the town of Barkby-

6 G. 4. c. diii. 79. An Act for repairing, improving, and keeping in repair several roads leading to and from the town of Upton-upon-Severn in the county of Worcester.

7 G. 4. c. xxii. 80. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham to Watford Gap in the parish of Sutton Coldfield in the county of Warwick, and other roads communicating therewith.

7 G. 4. c. xxiii. 81. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Arrow in the county of Warwick to Pot Hooks End in the county of Worcester, and from Dunnington in the said county of Warwick to Crabs Cross in the said county of Worcester.

7 G. 4. c. lxxv. 82. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and maintaining the road from the town of Alnwick in the county of Northumberland by Eglingham and Chatton to the Great North Turnpike Road near to Haggerston Toll Bar in the county of Durham.

7 G. 4. c. lxxviii. 83. An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing certain roads leading into and from the town of Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester, towards the cities of Gloucester and Worcester, and the towns of Cheltenham, Stow-on-the-Wold, Evesham, and Pershore, and certain other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Gloucester and Worcester.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. xxvi. - 84. An Act for repairing the roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook in the parish of Stietton-on-the-Fosse, and from Warwick to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the counties of Warwick and Worcester.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. li. 85. An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining in repair the road between the point at which the great roads from the city of Carlisle to the cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow respectively separate, and Westlington Bridge in the county of Cumberland.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. lxvii. - 86. An Act for repairing the road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Corner, and other roads in the county of Lincoln connected therewith.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. xcix. - 87. An Act for repairing the road from the city of York to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston to the upper end of Stone Dale in the county of York.

9 G. 4. c. xxxiv.J 88. An Act for repairing the road from Spemal Ash in the county of Warwick through Studley to Birmingham. 3 G 2

Date of Act. Title of Act.

9 G. 4. c. xxxvi. 89. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from the town of Cambridge to the Wadesmill Turnpike Road in the parishes of Great Chishill and Little Chishill in the county of Essex, and from the said town of Cambridge to Royston in the county of Cambridge.

9 G. 4. o. xlv. 90. An Act for repairing the road leading from Ipswich to South Town, and from the said road, at or near Beech Lane in the parish of Darsham, to Bungay in the county of Suffolk.

9 G. 4. c. cv. 91. An Act for more effectually amending and improving the road from Northwich to the Guide Post heretofore upon Delamere Forest (now the parish of Delamere), near Kelsall Hill in the county palatine of Chester.

10 G. 4. c. to. 92. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Tunbridge Wells in the county of Kent to Uckfield in the county of Sussex.

10 G. 4. c. lxxviii. 93. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's Gate in Stamfofd in the county of Lincoln, and from thence to the south end of the town of Morcott in the

11 G. 4. c. xciv. county of Rutland. 94. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham through Warwick and Warmington in the county of Warwick, to the utmost limits of the said county on Edgehill.

1 W. 4. c. vii. 95. An Act for more effectually maintaining the road from Crossford Bridge to the town of Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for making a branch road to communicate therewith.

] W. 4. c. x. 96. An Act for repairing the road from Burton Bridge in the county of Stafford to Market Bos worth in the county of Leicester.

1 W. 4. c. xi. 1 & 2 W. 4. c. xxi. - 97. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham to Bromsgrove. 98. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from the borough of King's Lynn, and other roads therein mentioned, and for making a new hue of road at Castle Rising, all in the county of Norfolk.

2 W. 4. c. xxxiii. 99. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham (through Elmdon) to Stonebridge in the county of Warwick.

2 W. 4. c. lv. 100. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Newcastle-under-Lyme in the county of Stafford to Drayton in Hales, otherwise Market Drayton, in the county of Salop, and for making new branches and deviations of roads to communicate therewith.

3 W. 4. c. xvi. 101. An Act for repairing the road from Wellsboum Mountfort to Stratford-upon-Avon in the county of Warwick.

3 W. 4. c. xli. 102. An Act for repairing the road from Upton in Ratley to Great Kington and Wellesbourne Hastings in the county of Warwick.

3 W. 4. c. xlii. 103. An Act for more effectually repairing the several roads leading from the towns of Hertford and Ware and other places in the county of Hertford.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. lxxxiii. 104. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the road from Tadcaster Bridge within the county of the city of York to Hob Moor Lane End.

5 W. 4. c. xl. 105. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Saint Benedict's Gate in the county of the city of Norwich to Swaffham in the countj of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge in Honingham to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a lane called Hangman's Lane, near the gates of the said city.

6 W. 4. c. viii. 106. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster to Halifax and Ealand in the West Riding of the county of York.

11 & 12 Vict. c. cxlvi. 107. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed for maintaining the road from Crossford Bridge to Manchester, and a branch connected therewith.

TENTH SCHEDULE.

Acta which are to continue until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

52 G. 3. c. xxvii.

53 G. 3. c. xli.

54 G. 3. c. i.

54 G. 3. c. cxxi. 54 G. 3. c. cci. 56 G. 3. c. i.

59 G. 3. c. xix.

59 G. 3. c. xlvi.

59 G. 3. c. lxxx. 59 G. 3. c. cxxiv.

- 108. An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of

an Act passed in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for completing the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, through Tetbury, to Woefield Corner, and a road from thence to or near Cambridge, near the city of Bath, and for other purposes relating thereto; and also to repair a certain road from Duffton to Underbridge in the parish of Shipton Moigne, in the said county; which shall continue in force until the ltf of November 1873, and no longer.

- 109. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Horse-

shoe Corner in Godmanchester in the county of Huntingdon to the South-east End of Castle Street in the town of Cambridge in the county of Cambridge; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1874, and no longer.

- 110. An Act to continue and amend two Acts of the thirty-eighth and

forty-third years of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing that part of the roads from Manchester to Rochdale Bury, and Radcliffe Bridge, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, which is called The Manchester District, and for making and maintaining a new branch of road to communicate therewith; which shall continue in force until the 31s/ of December 1873, and no longer.

- 111. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunstable to Hockliffe in the county of Bedford; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1873, and no longer.

- 112. An Act for repairing the roads from Harrowgate, through Ripley

and Ripon, to Hutton Moor, and from Kirkby Hill Moor to Ripon, in the county of York; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer.

- 113. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Chapel on the Heath in the county of Oxford to Bourton on the Hill in the county of Gloucester; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of May 1877, and no longer.

- 114. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a place called Morton's Corner, in the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, to the east end of Abington Street in the town of Northampton; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer.

- 115. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Evesham Bridge, in the county of Worcester, to Alcester, in the county of Warwick; which shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1874, and no longer.

- 116. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from

Bradford to Wakefield in the West Riding in the county of York; which shall continue in force until the 31 st of December 1873, and no longer.

- 117. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an Act passed in

the thirty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from the town of Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester, and other roads therein mentioned, so far as such Act relates to the road from Stump Cross in the parish of Didbrook to Stow-on-the-Wold in the county of Gloucester; which shall continue in force until the laf of May 187/, and no longer.

3 G 3

Date of Act. Title of Act.

1 G. 4. c. xlv. 118. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the town of Pool, in the county of Montgomery, through Oswestry, in the county of Salop, to Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, and several other roads therein mentioned in the said counties and in the county of Merioneth; and for making several new branches of roads to communicate with the said roads in the counties of Salop, Montgomery, and Denbigh; which shall centime in force so far as relates to the Oswestry District until the Is* of November 1876, and no longer.

1 G. 4. c. lx*. 119. An Act for continuing and amending three Acts of their Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the roads from Hertford to Broadwater, and from Ware to Walk era, all in the county of Hertford; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

1 G. 4. c. lxxix. 120. An Act for repairing the road from Chatteris Ferry, through Somersham, to the Crown Inn in Saint Ives, and also the rcid branching out of the said road near Stock's Bridge through Needingworth to Hermitage Bridge, in the parish of Earith, in the county of Huntingdon; which shall continue in force until the Is* of November 1875, and no longer.

I & 2 G. 4. c. si. 121. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of several Acts of King George the Second, and of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the high road from the Dorough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pateley Bridge, in the county of York; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxii. - 122. An Act for repairing part of the great road from Gloucester to Bristol, and certain roads through and near the towns of Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton-under-Edge, and Stroud, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts; which shall con-

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xci. tinue in force so far as the same relates to the Berkeley and Dursley Division, the Frocester Division, and the Wotton-under-Edge Division, until the Is# of November 1874, and no longer; and so far as the same relates to the Cainscross Division until the 1st of November 1877, and no longer. 123. An Act for more effectually repairing several roa's leading from Kidderminster in the county of Worcester, and several other roads connected therewith, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; which shall continue in force so far as the same relates to the " Kidderminster " district of the roads, until the Is# of November 1873, and no longer.

3 G. 4. c. lxix. 124. An Act for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham in the county of Worcester, and several other roads in the counties of Worcester and Gloucester; which shall continue in force, so far as the same relates to the Second District, until the Is# of May 1877, and no longer; and so far as the same relates to the Pershore Division of the First District, until the 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

3 G. 4. c. xciii. 125. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the road from the Stone Pillar or Cross Hand in the parish of Chippenham in the county of Wilts, to or near to Knox Bridge in the parish of Wester-leigh in the county of Gloucester; and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties of Gloucester and Wilts; which shall continue in force until the Is# of November 1873, and no longer.

4 G. 4. c. Ivi. 126. An Act for continuing the term and powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repcuring the road from the north end of Bridgford Lane in the county of Nottingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton; which shall continue ia force until the Is# of November 1873, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

5 G. 4. c. ix. 127. An Act for amending and maintaining the roads from the Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane in the county of Gloucester to Sto w-on-the-Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill in the county of Oxford to the Hand and Post in the parish of Withington in the county of Gloucester; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of May 1877, and no longer.

5 G. 4. c. xiv. 128. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the road from Keswick in the county of Cumberland, by Dunmail Raise and Ambleside, to Kirkby-in-Kendal in the county of Westmorland, as is situate in the said county of Westmorland; and also the road from Phimbgarth's Cross, near Kirkby-in-Kendal aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Westmorland; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

5 G. 4. c. xxiv. 129. An Act for amending, repairing, and maintaining the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford to Bullock Smithy in the county of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean in the said county of Stafford; which shall continue in force so far as the same relates to the [Macclesfield District of the road until the 1st of November 1878, and no longer.

5 G. 4. c. cL - 130. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the county of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to Tutbury in the said county of Stafford; which shall continue in force until the 31s/ of December 1872, and no longer.

7 G. 4. c. xy* 131. An Act for maintaining and improving the road leading from Pengate in the parish of Westbury to a place formerly called Price's Warren Gate, at Tinhead in the parish of Edington in the county of Wilts, and other roads near or adjoining the said roads in the counties of Wilts and Somerset; which shall continue in force until the 31s/ of December 1872, and no longer.

7 G. 4. c. xx. 132. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford to Bullock Smithy in the county of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the county of Stafford, so far as relates to the Macclesfield district of road, and for making a diversion of road in the said district; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1878, and no longer.

7 G. 4. c. xxvii. 133. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the road from the city of Norwich to Scole Bridge in the county of Norfolk; which shall continue in force until the 1st of Noveinbei' lo74, and no longer.

7 G. 4. c. lxxii. 134. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from Kirkby Steven High-lane-head, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, and other roads communicating therewith, in the several counties of Westmoreland, Lancaster, and York; and for diverting, extending, and altering some of the said roads; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1874, and no longer.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. ci. 135. An Act for repairing and improving certain roads leading to and from Callington in the county of Cornwall; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1874, and no longer.

10 G. 4. c. xciii. 136. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several roads which lead to and through the town and borough of Chard in the county of Somerset, and for making and maintaining a new road from Chard to Drempton in the county of Dorset; which shall continue in force until the 31*/ of December 1875, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

11 G. 4. c. lxxxvi. 137. An Act for amending an Act of the last session intituled "An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several roads " which lead to and through the town and borough of Chard in the county of Somerset, and for making and maintaining a new " road from Chard to Drempton in the county of Dorsetand for making and maintaining other roads communicating with the said roads in the counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset; which skull

1 W. 4. c. xxxiv. continue in force umtil the 31s/ of December 1875, and no longer. 138. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Liverpool to Preston in the county palatine of Lancaster; which shall continue in force until the 31s/ of December 1873, and no longer.

1 W. 4. c. lxv. 139. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Bishopsgate Bridge in the city of Norwich to the Caister Causeway in the county of Norfolk; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer.

1 A 2 W. 4. c. xx. 140. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the several roads from the South Gate in the borough of King's Lynn into the parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market in the county of Norfolk; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

2 W. 4. c. xvi. 141. An Act for more effectually improving the road from Burfordto Banbury in the county of Oxford, and from Burford to the road leading to Stow in the county of Gloucester and from Swerford Gate in the county of Oxford to the road in Aynho in the county of Northampton; and for making a new branch of road to communicate with the same; which shall continue in force until the 1st of May 1877, and no longer.

4 W. 4. c. xxix. 142. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing the road from Yarmouth Bridge, through the hamlet of Southtown otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston in the county of Suffolk; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1875, and so longer.

5 W. 4. c. xxv. 143. An Act for more effectually repairing the Darlington and West Auckland and the Cockerton Bridge and Staindrop Roads in the county of Durham, and for consolidating the trusts thereof; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1873, and no longer.

6 W. 4. c. lxxxiii. 144. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the turnpike road leading from the Cow Cawsey near the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the town of Belford, and from thence to Buekton Burn in the county of Northumberland; which shall continue in fane until the Is/ of November 1875, and no longer.

2 Vict. c. xxxii. 145. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Leeds, through Harewood, to the south-west corner of the inclosures of Harrogate in the West Riding of the county of York; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1873, and no longer.

2 Vict. c. xxxiii. 146. An Act for repairing the road from Dover in the county of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich in the said county; which shall contme in force until the Is/ of .November 1874, and no longer.

8 Vict. c. ix. - 147. An Act for repairing the road from the south end of Sparron Heme on Bushey Heath, through Watford, Berkhampsteaa Saint Peter, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, into the town of Aylesbury in the county of Buckingham; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1873, and no longer.

11 & 12 Vict. c. li. - 148. An Act for repealing an Act of the ninth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled "An Act for making, repairing, and improving certain " roads leading to and from Truio " in the county of Cornwall/* and for making other provision* in lieu thereof; for forming, vesting, and improving certain roads, and for continuing and extending the Truro Turnpike Trust; which shell continue in force until the 31s/ of December 1874, and no longer.

Ch. 115.

633

Date of Act. Title of Act.

12 & 13 Vict. c. xliv. 149. An Act for consolidating the trusts of the Truro Turnpike Roads, and the Penryn and Redruth Turnpike Roads, in the county of Cornwall, and for making a new turnpike road from Bosvigo Bridge to the turnpike road from Truro to Redruth, and for making the road or highway from Ferris Town to Bosvigo Bridge a turnpike road, and for maintaining all such roads; and for other purposes; which shall continue in force until the 31sf of December 1874, and no longer.

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue until the 1st of November 1872, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Trust.

PART I.

Chester Chelford and Holmes Chapel - 3

Chester and Wrexham 16

Durham - Lobley Hill - 29

Stockton to Barnard Castle- - 13

Gloucester Campden and Clifford - 1

Hants Farnham and Petersffeld - 15

Herts Dunstable ---- 6

Welwyn - 21

Lancaster - Warrington and Wigan - - - 25

Leicester - Leicester and Peterborough, Leicester District 50

Market Harborough and Coventry - 51

Monmouth Chepstow and Abergavenny, Shirenewton Branch 26

Northampton Wansford Road ---- 50

Oxford Banbury, Brailes, and Barcheston - 10

Rutland - Grantham, South District - 17

Leicester and Peterborough, Uppingham District 50

Salop Ellesmere District - - 31

Morville and Shipton - 34

Somerset - Bruton - - 24

Stafford Sandon, Hugbridge, Hilderstone, and Draycott-in-the- 12

Moors.

Sussex Hollington to Hastings - 28

St. Leonard's and Sedlescomb - - 27, 35

Warwick - Birmingham to Blakedown Pool - 49

Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, &c., united - 11

Coventry and Stoney Stanton - 22

Fillongley to Over Whitacre - 23

Mancetter and Wolvey Heath - - 20

Rugby and Warwick - 33

Warwick, Coventry, and Leamington 48

Watling Street, Bentley Lane and Branch, Pinw&ll Lane 19, 20

and Appleby (united).

Wilts Everley - - - 4

Worcester - Evesham First District, Bretforton and Stonebow Divi- 8

sions.

York Bradford and Huddersfield - 30

Wadsley, Langset, and Sheffield - - 32

Denbigh

Flint -

- Barnhill and Wrexham -Wrexham to Denbigh through Ruthin

Ditto Cerrig-y Druidion Branch -Wrexham, Ruabon, and Llangollen -

- Overton District -Whitchurch and Marchwiel -Wrexham and Mold -

9

7

5

31

18

2

Bedford

Chester

Derby

Devon

Dorset Gloucester -Hants

Kent -Lancaster -Somerset -

Westmorland

Wilts

Worcester -York

PART II.

Bedford and Woburn Macclesfield and Congleton Cromford and Newhaven Greenhill Moor and Eckington -Honiton and Ilminster Torquay -Maid en Newton

Tewkesbury, Severn Bridge and Roads -Andover and Basingstoke Andover Station -

Maidstone and Biddenden Garstang and Heiring Syke Taunton -

Weston-super-Mare and Worle -Heronsyke and Eamont Bridge Kennet and Amesbury -Birmingham, Redditch, and Pershore Seacroffc to Scholes -

Tadcaster to Halton Dial -

47

39 57

43 42

40

44 54

38

46

56

41

37

53

36

14, 58

45 45, 52

Merioneth -

- Bala District -

Dolgelly, Mowddwy, and Towyn Edeirnion -

Festiniog, Maentwrog, and Harlech

55

Date of Act. Tide of Act.

58 G. 3. c. lxxii. 1. An Act for repairing the road from Chipping Campden in the county of Gloucester to Clifford Side Gate in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick.

59 G. 3. c. xliii. 2. An Act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of three Acts of the reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several roads therein mentioned, so far as relate to the road from Wrexham in the county of Denbigh to Pentre Bridge in the county of Flint; and for making a new branch of road from the said roid at a place near Abermorddu to Mold in the said oounty of Flint.

1 G. 4. c. xvii. 3. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh year of His late Majesty, for repairing the road from Hulmes Chapel in the county palatine of Chester to the South Bridge in Chelford in the said county.

1 G. 4. c. xxiv. 4. An Act to continue and amend three Acts passed in the second, twenty-second, and thirty-ninth years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the road from the turnpike road at WeyhOl in the county of Southampton to the turnpike road at Lyde Way in

the county of Wilts.

1 G. 4. c. xlv.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. cvii.

3 G. 4. c. xliii.

3 G. 4. c. brix.

4 G. 4. c. xlv.

4 G. 4. c. cv.

4 G. 4. c. cxxi.

5 G. 4. c. xxiv.

6 G. 4. c. xiii.

6 G. 4. c. cxlii.

7 G. 4. c. lxxx.

9 G. 4. c, lxxvii.

U G. 4. c. xciii. 1 W. 4. c. ii.

- 5. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the town of Pool in the county of Montgomery, through Oswestry in the county of Salop, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties and in the county of Merioneth; and for making several new branches of roads to communicate with the said roads in the counties of Salop, Montgomery, and Denbigh, so far as the same relates to the Wrexham, Ruabon, and Llangollen District of the road.

- 6. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Dunstable in

the county of Bedford to the Pondyards in the county of Hertford.

- 7. An Act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of several Acts passed for repairing the roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, so far as relate to the road from Wrexham to Denbigh in the county of Denbigh, and for amending the road from Ruthin to Cerniogemawr in the parish of Llanufydd in the county of Denbigh.

- 8. An Act for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham in the county of Worcester, and several other roads in the counties of Worcester and Gloucester; so far as the same relates to the Bretf orton and Stonebow Divisions of the First District of Roads.

- 9. An Act for more effectually amending the road from Wrexham in

the county of Denbigh to Barnhill in the county of Chester; and for making and keeping in repair the road branching out of the said road at Pwll-y-rhwyd to the borough of Holt in the said county of Denbigh.

- 10. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the road

leading from the turnpike road in the Horse Fair in the town of Banbury in the county of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said county of Oxford, and through Brailes in the county of Warwick, to the bridge crossing the river Stour in the parish of Barcheston in the said county of Warwick.

- 11. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads leading from a

place called the Welsh Harp in the township of Stonnall in the county of Stafford to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham in the county of Warwick.

- 12. An Act for amending, repairing, and maintaining the road from

Sandon in the county of Stafford to Bullock Smithy in the county of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean in the said county of Stafford; so far as the same relates to the Sandon, Hugbridge, Hilderstone, and Draycott-in-the-Moors or Leek District of the Road.

- 13. An Act for repairing the road from Stockton to Barnard Castle in

the county of Durham.

14. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from the town of Birmingham to or near the town of Pershore.

- 15. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from a

place called Coxbridge, near Farnham, in the county of Surrey, to Ramshill near Petersneld, in the county of Southampton.

- 16. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers and provisions of several Acts relating to the road from Chester to Wrexham in the city and county of Chester, and the counties of Flint and Denbigh.

- 17. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road

leading from the town of Stamford to the Division Stone in South Witham in the county of Lincoln.

- 18. An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the roads from

Marchwiel, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, to Whitchurch, and from Bangor to Malpas, and from Redbrookto Hampton, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, and Salop.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

1 W. 4. c. xii. 19. An Act for repairing the road from Measham in the county of Derby to Fieldon Bridge in the county of Warwick, and other roads communicating therewith, in the counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

1 W. 4. c. xiv. 20. An Act for repairing the Watling Street Road, the Mancester and Wolvey Heath Hoad, and other roads communicating therewith, in the counties of Leicester and Warwick.

1 W. 4. c. xxxvi. 21. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads from Lemsford Mills in the parish of Bishop's Hatfield, through Welwyn and Stevenage, to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the county of Hertford.

1 W. 4. c. xl. 22. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from the chy of Coventry to Stoney Stanton in the county of Leicester, to unite with the present turnpike road there leading through Narborough to the borough of Leicester.

1 W. 4. c. xli. 23. An Act for repairing the road from the city of Coventry to Over Whitacre in the county of Warwick.

1 W. 4. c. lxvi. 24. An Act for more effectually repairing several roads in and near the town of Bruton, and other roaas, in the counties of Somerset and Wilts, and for making and maintaining two other roads communicating therewith.

3 W. 4. c. lxxiv. 25. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the road from Warrington to Wigan in the county palatine of Lancaster.

3 W. 4. c. xciv. 26. An Act for improving the communication between the towns of Chepstow and Abergavenny in the county of Monmouth.

6 W. 4. c. xix. 27. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Saint Leonard's and Saint Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Inn at What-lington, and through Sedlescomb to Cripp's Corner, in the parish of Ewnurst in the county of Sussex.

6 W. 4. c. xlvi. 28. An Act for making and maintaining as turnpike a road leading from the Flimwell to Hastings Turnpike Road at or near Beauport in the parish of Hollington, to Hastings in the county of Sussex.

7W.4. c. xvi. 29. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the turnpike road between Gateshead and Hexnam, near Lobley Hill in the county of Durham, to Burtryford in the parish of Stanhope in the same county, together with several branches therefrom.

1 Vict. c. xvi. 30. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road from top of Odsall near Bradford, through Wibsey Low Moor, to Huddersfield in the West Riding of the county of York.

1 Vict. c. xvii. 31. An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the road from Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere in the county of Salop, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and other roads branching out of the same; so far as the same relates to the Ellesmere district, and the Overtom district of such roads.

1 & 2 Vict. c. lxxvi. - 32. An Act to repeal the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road Act, so far as relates to the Wadsley and Langset district of the said road, in the West Riding of the county of York, and to make new provisions in lieu thereof; and also for extending the Said district of road to or near to Moorfields in the parish of Sheffield; and for other

2 Vict. c. xxiii. purposes. 33. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from the town of Rugby to the borough of Warwick, all in the county of Warwick.

2 Vict. c. xxx. 34. An Act for making a turnpike road from Morville to Shipton, with a branch to Brockton, and another branch from Brockton to East-

2 & 3 Vict. c. xlvi. - hope's Cross, all in the county of Salop. 35. An Act to amend an Act passed in the sixth year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for making a turnpike road from Saint Leonard's and St. Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Ion at Whatlington, and through Sedlescomb to Cripp's Comer, in the parish of Ewhurst in the county of Sussex.

3 Vict. c, xi. -3 Vict. o. xxii.

3 Vict. c. xxxi.

3 Vict. c. xxxii. 3 Vict. c. xxxv.

3 Vict. c. xxxvi.

- 36. An Act for making a turnpike road from West Ken net to Arnes

bury in the county of Wilts, with'branches therefrom.

- 37. An Act for making and maintaining a new road from the road at

Worle to a road in the parish of Kewstoke leading to Locking and Weston-super-Mare in the county of Somerset.

- 38. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Basingstoke in

the county of Southampton to Lobcomb Comer in the county of Wilts, and other roads therein described; and for making a new road from the said road at the eastern entrance of the town of Andover to the Warren Farm Station on the London and South-western Railway, in the said county of Southampton.

- 39. An Act for repairing and improving the road from Macclesfield to

Congleton in the county of Chester.

- 40. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads

near Torquay, Paignton, Brixham, Kingswear, Newton Abbot, and Shaldon, and for making certain new roads connected therewith, all in the county of Devon.

- 41. An Act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from the town of Taunton in the county of Somerset, and for making several deviations and new lines of road connected therewith.

3 Vict. c. xxxvii.

- 42. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Honiton Turnpike Road near Yard Farm in the parish of Upottery in the county of Devon, towards Ilminster, to the eastern boundary of the parish of Buckland Saint Mary in the county of Somerset, and for making, maintaining and repairing several other roads communicating therewith, in the counties of Devon, Somerset, and Dorset.

3 Vict. c. lxiv. 3 Vict. 0. lxv.

3 Vict. c. Lxxx.

3 Vict. c. lxxxiv.

3 & 4 Vict. c. c.

4 Vict. c. xxxiv.

4 & 5 Vict. c. ci.

6 & 7 Vici. c. xevi.

7 & 8 Vict. c. lxxiii.

11 & 12 Vict. c. cviii.

[JVo.

43. An Act for making a turnpike road from Greenhill Moor to Eckington in the county of Derby.

44. An Act for making and maintaining several roads leading from the town of Maiden Newton in the county of Dorset, and other roads communicating therewith, in the counties of Somerset and Dorset.

45. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Tadcaster to Halton Dial, and for making and maintaining a new road from Sea-croft to and into the highway leading from Scholes to Barwick-in-Elraet, all in the West Riding of the county of York.

46. An Act for repairing the road from the Maidstone turnpike gate on the Loose Road in the parish of Maidstone in the county of Kent to Newcastle in the parish of Biddenden, and a branch road to the Thorn in the parish of Smarden in the same county.

47. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the road from Bedford to Woburn, with a branch therefrom, all in the county of Bedford.

48. An Act for repairing the roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, in the county of the city of # Coventry and in the county of Warwick, and other roads communicating therewith, in the said county of Warwick.

49. An Act for repairing the road from Blakedown Pool in the parish of Hagley in the county of Worcester into the borough of Birmingham in the county of Warwick.

50. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the borough of Leicester to the city of Peterborough.

51. An Act for mors effectually repairing the road from Market Har-borough in the county of Leicester to the city of Coventry.

52. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Tadcaster and Halton Dial Turnpike Road to make a diversion or alteration of such part of the line of the Tadcaster and Halton Dial Turnpike Road as lies in the parish of Tadcaster in the West Riding of the county of York.

54. Price 2cl] 3 H

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxiv.

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxvL

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxvii.

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxxi. -13 & 14 Vict. c. lxxxi. 13 & 14 Vict. c. xc.

53. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Heronsyke to Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence through Shap to Eamont Bridge in the county of Westmoreland, and for making a new road from the said road at a place called Far Cross Bank, near Kirkby in Kendal, to communicate with the intended canal from Lancaster to Kirkby in Kendal, and to join the said road at or near a place called the Lound near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid; and to continue the term by the same Act granted.

54. An Act for continuing the term of an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled an Act for building a bridge over the River Severn at or near to the My the Hill within the parish and near to the town of Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester, to the opposite side of the said river in the parish of Bushley in the county of Worcester, and for making convenient roads and avenues to communicate with such bridge, within the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and of another Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the powers and provisions of an Act relating to the Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and roads, for the purpose of paying off the debt now due on the said bridge and roads.

55. An Act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other roads in the counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

56. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Act relating to the Garstang and Heiring Syke Turnpike Road.

57. An Act for continuing the term of the Cromford and Newhaven Turnpike Road Act, and for other purposes.

58. An Act for continuing the term of "The Birmingham and Pershare Turnpike Road Act," and for other purposes.

CHAP. 116.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the preparation of the Revised Edition of the Statutes now in progress, it is expedient that certain enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal, or have, by lapse of time and change of circumstances, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

1871. Statute Law Revision. Ch. 116. 639

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are Enactments hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions in the schedule e

mentioned:

Provided that where any enactment not comprised in the Saying, schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act:

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect any Act in which such enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon, or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right or title already acquired or accrued, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, or emolument, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore, any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, or procedure, not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as The Statute Law Revision Act, 1871.

3 H 2

SCHEDULE.

This schedule, so far as respects Acts of the reigns of William the Third, and Anne, refers to the edition prepared under the direction of the Record Commission, intituled " The Statutes of the Realm; printed by Command of His Majesty King George the " Third, in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commons of Great Britain. From u original records and authentic manuscripts."

This schedule, so far as respects Acts of any reign subsequent to that of Anne, refers to the different sessions in the same manner as they are referred to in Ruffhead's edition of the Statutes by Serjeant Runnington, 1786; and in referring to any section of an Act earlier than the twenty-first year of King George the Third, by its number, follows the numbering of sections in that edition wherever they are there given, and, where not given in that edition, follows the numbering in the octavo edition by Raithby, 1811.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part, first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning, or as forming the end, of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

The edition of Ruffhead referred to in the foot-notes is that above mentioned.

46 Ed. 3.

8 & 9 Gul.3. c. 20. in part.

9 Gul. 3. c. 27.

c. 32.

c. 44. in part.

1 Ann. c. 2. (3) in part.

4 & 5 Ann. c. 3.(4) in part.

6 Ann. c. 20. (6) in part.

EDWARD III.

WILLIAM III.

An Act for making good the Deficiences of several')

Fundf therein mentioned and for enlargeing the (.

Capital Stock of the Bank of England and for j *" J *

raising the Publick Creditt -J

Sections Sixty-two and Sixty-nine.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars for a further Provision of Interest for the Transport Debt for reduceing of Ireland.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the charging, collecting, & paying the Duties upon Marriages Births Burials Batchellors and Widowers.

An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding Two Millions'!

upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate I.

or Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum and for | P

settling the Trade to the East Indies -

Section Thirty-five (*).

ANNE.

An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act made at the '

Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Two and twentieth of November in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third intituled An Act for the better Security of His Majesties Royal Person and Government -

Section Six so far as relates to the extension of the Act 7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 27. to Ireland.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice -Section Twenty.

An Act for Inrollments of Bargains and Sales within')

in part; namely, —

J* in part; namely, —

the West Riding of the County of York in the Register L namely, -

Office there lately provided and for making the said f r J

Register more effectual Section Nine (6).

(*) Chapter 35. in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) Section 45. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(3) 1 Arm. Stat. 1. c. 8. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) 4 Ann. c. 16. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(6) 5 Ann. c. 18. in Ruffhead's Edition. (6) Part of Section 8. in Ruffhead's Edition.

9 Ann. c. 11. (l) An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for ail^i

in part. Her Majesties Dominions and for settling a weekly I __________

Sura out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War and other Her Majesties Occasions -

Except the last two Sections.

13 Ann. c. 20. (3) An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving the" in part. Navigation of the River of Thames by stopping the

Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in Vm part; namely, - the County of Essex and for ascertaining the Coal Measure -

Sections Thirteen and Fourteen (3).

GEORGE I.

5 Geo. 1. c. 4. I An Act for strengthening the Protestant Interest in these Kingdoms. I Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

2 Geo. 2. c. 25. in part.

22 Geo. 2. c. 27. in part.

22 Geo. 2. c. 46.

25 Geo. 2. c. 37. in part.

5 Geo. 3. c. 49. in part.

6 Geo. 3. c. 23. in part.

c. 32.

10 Geo. 3. c. 45.

c. 50. in part.

GEORGE U.

An Act for the more effectual preventing and further^! Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of I Perjury; and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes f or other Securities for Payment of Money - -J Section Five.

part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, — and ends with the words, — and for the better Payment of their Wages -Sections Ten and Eleven.

in

part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames, Westward, — and ends with the words, — and for allowing Quakers to make Affirmation in Cases where an Oath is or shall be required.

An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of 1 . , qwq1tt

Murder . - - m part; namely, -

Sections One and Eleven.

GEORGE III.

An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain railed Scotland -Section Eight.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act 1

to amend an Act made in the last Session, — and ends V in part; namely, — with the words, — Manufacture at the Foreign Market J Section Fourteen.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to extend an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, — and ends with the words, — and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom.

An Act to prevent the further spreading of the Contagious Disorder amongst the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by *1 m . namely_

reason of Privilege of Parliament -J ?

The last Section so far as the same extends 12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 3.

Scotland.

|*in part; namely, —

0) Chapter 10. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 12 Ann. Stat. 2. c. 17. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Sections 11. and 12. in Ruffhead's Edition.

3 H 3

11 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 6.

c. 7. c. 8.

c. 11.

o. 25. c. 37. c. 39.

c. 47.

o. 48.

c. 49.

c. 50. c. 61.

c. 52.

in part.

12 Geo. 3. c. 1.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, — and ends with the words, — to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

An Act for the letter Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — therein mentioned.

An Act for granting an aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — the last Year's Fishery.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — Silk Manufacture.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing several Laws for the better Regulation of Lastage and Balastage in the River Thames, — and ends with the words, — from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney.

An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting thel fn

several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man - J r:

Sections One to Three, Six, Seven, Section Eight from " and every person appointed" to end of that Section, and Sections Nine, Ten, and Thirteen.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

1871.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 116.

643

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

c. 3. An Act for granting and Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

c. 4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 5. c. 6. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

c. 7. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — said Act of Parliament.

c. 10. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 12. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

c. 13. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

c. 23. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law, for certain Escapes from the said Prison.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the tcords, — An Act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves, — and ends with the words, — Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

c. 32. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, for a limited Time.

c. 33. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

c. 39. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

c. 46. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits.

c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifth Year, — and ends with the words, — Bankrupts, in certain Cases, from their Imprisonment.

c. 51. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, — and ends with the words, — above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

c. 53. An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasure to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer.

c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, — and ends with the words, — Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America.

644

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

C. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, — and ends with the words, — Orders lost, burnt, or destroyed.

C. 71. An Act for repealing several Laws therein mentioned against Badgers, Engrossers, Forestalled, and Regrators, and for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts.

c. 72. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rendering' the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors, — and ends with the words, — that Part of Great Britain called Scotland Except Sections Thirty-six, Thirty-seven, and Thirty-nine to Forty-three.

3 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, — and ends toith the words, — for a limited Time, free of Duty.

c. 2. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian Cora, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for & limited Time, free of Duty.

c. 3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt. Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour, for a limited Time.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — for a limited Time.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — for a limited Time, free of Duty.

c. 6. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Mali, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

c. 7. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, for a limited Time; and for encouraging the making of Starch from Rice.

c. 8. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

c. 9. An Act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited Time, from making any Appointment of Commissioners For superintending and regulating the Company's Affairs, their Presidencies in the East Indies.

c. 10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 11. c. 13. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore. An Act to enable certain Persons therein named to continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battle Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, — and ends with the words, — Freehold or Leasehold Estates. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 24. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

c. 26. An Act for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British-built Ships to Foreigners. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

645

c. 32. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 1 . wo, i_ Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — Pease [and Carrots - - -J Section Six.

c. 54. in part. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game! in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and I # namely for repealing and amending several of the Laws now |in r J* in being relative thereto - -J The last Section.

c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors, — and ends with the words, — Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

c. 59. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An") Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty- I. first Year, — and ends with the words, — Punishment | 9 for the said Offence - - -J Section One.

c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, — and ends with the words, — Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

c. 66. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

c. 69. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Time.

c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year, — and ends with the words, — Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping.

c. 76. An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Principles upon which the same was constructed.

c. 79. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of the Notes, — and ends with the words, — Bills of the said Governor and Company.

c. 82. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of Lying-in HosO pitals, and other Places, appropriated for the chari- 1 table Reception of pregnant Women; and also to >in part; namely, — provide for the Settlement of Bastard Children, I born in such Hospitals and Places -Section Eight.

14 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

c. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

c. 3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 4. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

646

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to allow the Exportation of Com, — and ends with the words, — Island of Alderney.

c. 6. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and, Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for & further Time an Act, made in the Eighth Year, — and ends with the words, — Butter from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

c.ll. An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends win the words, — Commissioners of the Land Tax.

c. 18. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

c. 20. An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal, — and ends with the words, — Servants residing there.

c. 34. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England, — and ends with the words, — Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

c. 37. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 39. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice, — and ends with the words, — Massachusetts Bay in New England.

c. 41. An Act for further continuing so much of Two Acts made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain free Ports in the Island of Jamaica.

c. 44. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — AjO Act to amend $k Act, made in the Twenty-second 1 Year, — and ends with the words, — and for the better [Payment of their Wages - - J Section One.

c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer, — and ends with the words, — Offenders in the County Palatine of Durham.

c. 49. c. 54. An Act for regulating Madhouses. An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Sendee in North America.

c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing an Act, made in the First Year, — and ends with the words, — are to be chosen.

c. 59. An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

c. 60. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifring the Innkeepers, — and ends with the words, — Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions.

c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude, — and ends with the words, — Experiments relating thereto.

647

c. 67. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — any Part of America Southward of South Carolina and Georgia.

c. 69. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

c. 72. An Act for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly jnade of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations.

c. 77. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases.

c. 80. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and for securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty.

c. 83. in part. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the ] Government of the Province of Quebec, in North >in part; namely, — ' America - - J Sections Twelve to Sixteen. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 85. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland.

c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — subsequent Acts.

c. 87. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality.

c. 88. in part. An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying"] the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and r. ., Support of the Civil Government within the Pro- rmPmj namely, — vince of Quebec, in America -J Sections One to Four. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 89. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, — and ends with the words, — and for applying the same as therein is mentioned.

15 Geo. 3. c. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

c. 3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

c. 4. c. 5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — exported to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 7. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the Eighth Year, — and ends with the words, — all Kinds of Pulse.

c. 8. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and render more effectual in His Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

c. 22. An Act the title of which begin* with the words, — An

in part. Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of 1 . nlkTne\v Lincoln's Inn, — and ends with the words, — for the f ' Register of the said Court - -J Sections Two and Three.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

c. 27. An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages used in loading Coils on Board Ships at the several Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

c. 28. An Act for altering, explaining, and amending several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal Two Acts made in the Parliament of Scotland, — and ends with the words, — One thousand six hundred and sixty-one, relative to the People called Mac Gregours.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, — and ends with the words, — at the End of the Fishing Season. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 32. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, (intituled An Act against the erecting and maintaining of Cottages).

c. 38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending and explaining an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year, — and ends with the words, - — Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Manufacture of Great Britain to their Settlements in the East Indies to a certain Value.

c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty's Forces, — mid ends with the words, — Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act

in part. for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding, — 1, and ends with the words, — Six Clerks Office in Chan- | eery Lane; and for other Purposes - - J Sections One, Three to Eight, and Eleven.

16 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

c. 2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

o. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, ^-An Act to enable His Majesty for a limited Time to call out and assemble the Militia, — and ends with the words, — Manner therein mentioned.

c. 4. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CB. 116.

649

c. 7. c. 11. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

c. 12. An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Name of several of the Commissioners, — and ends %with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

c. 19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

c. 20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 36. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

c. 38. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cases.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, — and ends with the words, — Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

c. 41. An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time.

c. 43 An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

o. 45. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, — and ends with the words, — Coin, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Purpose.

c. 49. Zin Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed.

o. 51. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year, — and ends with the words, — restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum).

17 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

c. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

c. 3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 4. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

34 & 35 Vks.

c. 9. An Act to impower His Majesty to aeenre and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of Hiph Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

c. 10. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

c. 21. An Act for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

c. 28. An Act the title of tohieh begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with tk words, — One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

c. 29. in part. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the maim- facturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in I. Imitation of Tea, and to prevent Frauds in the *m P*1*5 namely» Revenue of Excise in respect to Tea -Section Seven.

c. 34. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act passed in the Sixth Year, — and ends with the words, — Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

c. 36. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acta of this Session of Parliament.

c. 38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — Exportation of British-made Cordage.

c. 46. An Act for allowing further Time for lnvottment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year, — emd ends with the words, — Navigation; and to the making of Experiments relating thereto.

c. 51. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for better securing the Duties on Sope, — and ends with the words, — Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time.

c. 55. in part. c. 56. in part. An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory - in part; namely, — Sections One and Five. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act'I for amending and rendering more effectual the several 1 b, Laws, — and ends with the words, — Provisions to prevent f P namely. Frauds by Journeymen Dyers - J Section Twenty-four.

18 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, — and ends with the words, — Crime of Piracy.

1871.

Statute Law Revision.

CH. 116.

661

-c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 5. 6. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 11. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachusets Bay in New England.

c. 12. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act'i for removing all Doubts and Apprehensions con- I. _arn oItt cerning Taxation, — and ends with the words, — Colony [P*' J> or Plantation in America, or relates thereto - J Section Two.

c. 13. An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners with sufficient Powers to treat, consult, and agree upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces of North America.

c. 23. An Act the tithe of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — Commissioners of the Land Tax.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses, — and ends with the words, — Princess Sophia Matilda One other Annuity of Four thousand pounds per Annum.

c. 33. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 42. in part. An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond 1 to establish and maintain a Lighthouse on the Rocks, called The >:— Smalls, in Saint George's Channel - - J Except Sections Four and Five.

c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

c. 46. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

o. 52. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise.

c. 57. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

c. 64. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. 3 12

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 65. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for settling tnd securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, — and ends with the words, — said late Earl to His Majesty and the Publick.

19 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Crime of Piracy.

c. 2. *An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

o. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

c. 4. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Muslins, Callicoes, and Coffee.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorize the Lord High Admiral, — and ends with the words, — Honourable Admiral Augustus Keppel, to be holden on Shore.

c. 8. c. 9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or vessels, for a limited Time.

c. 10. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

c. 14. An Act for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 16. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

c. 20. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act") for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Pro- 1 . vision for the Widows, — and ends with the words, — f P* name King George the Second for those Purposes - J Sections One, Twenty-seven, Twenty-eight, Forty-four, Forty-six, Eighty-five, and Eighty-six.

c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for farther continuing and extending the Provisions of Two Acts, — and ends with the words, — Sheeting and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth.

c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, — and ends with the words, — Goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said Act.

c. 37. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

c. 38. An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for farther continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year, — esd ends with the words, — transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

c. 55. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the meetings of CommissioDcn or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ch. 116.

1871. Statute Law Revision. Ch. 116. 658

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England, — and ends with the words, — as will expire in the Course of the present Year.

c. 63. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

c. 64. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

c. 71. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words3 — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 73. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 74. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders.

c. 75. An Act for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time.

20 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the town of New Alresford, in the said County.

c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

c. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

c. 4. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Crime of Piracy.

c. 6. An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts.

c. 12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 13. c. 14. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

c. 17. in part. c. 18. An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections: — Except Section Twelve to " profits of such dower." An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade, — and ends with the words, — British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

c. 20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 26. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited Time.

c. 28. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements; and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place. 3 13

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 29. An Act to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Grenada, and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities.

c. 31. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Com and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Seventeenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, — and ends with the words, - — Houses of Industry within such Hundreds or Districts.

c. 39. An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an Additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act.

c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year, — and ends with the words, — Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 43. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant, — and ends with the words, — Foreign Ships or Vessels for a limited Time.

c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, — and ends with the words, — Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, — and ends with the words, — Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for a limited time.

c. 53. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, — and ends with the words, — Benefit of the Publick.

c. 55. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Woo] and other Articles, to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England, — and ends with the words, — Three Ships or the Line for the Service of the Publick.

c. 57. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 58. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Europa, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

c. 59. An Act to empower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, for a limited Time.

.1871.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 116.

656

c. 61. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fond, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 63. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace.

c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prevent any Mischief, — and ends with the words, — set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrection.

21 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Prisons substituted in lieu thereof.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Crime of Piracy.

c. 3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

c. 4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mura, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

c. 6. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organ-zined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

c. 8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 9. c. 11. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 18. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

c. 19. An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

c. 21. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

c. 23. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant, — and ends with the words, — Foreign Ships or Vessels during the present Hostilities.

c. 27. "An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Importation, — and ends with the words, — Neutral Ships and Vessels.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports, — and ends with the words, — Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, — and ends with the words, — Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts.

c. 41. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

c. 42. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing in Act made in the Twentieth Year, — and ends with the Words, — Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing and amending an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words — Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Publick.

c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to direct the Pst-ment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances, — and ends with the words, — and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 52. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

c. 55. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate, — and ends with the words, — Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money'out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited.

c. 59. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 63. c. 64. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session, — and ends with the words, — Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

c. 66. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seven- I. ., teenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Use of their j P* J* Benefices -J Section One.

c. 67. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from Driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality.

22 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year, — and ends with the words — Crime of Piracy.

c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

c. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

c. 4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

657

c. 6. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

c. 7. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organ-zined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

c. 10. An Act for the better detaining, and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain,

c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing further Time to negociate, by Indorsement, the Bonds, — and ends with the words, — Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

c. 16. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

c. 19. An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a limited Time.

* 20. An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, thp Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog's Lard, and Grease.

a 23. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 24. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

c. 26. An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year, — and ends with the words, — Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

c. 36. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

c. 38. An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, during the present Hostilities.

c. 45. in part. An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any') Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the 1* _ . _, 0i, Publick Service, from being elected, or sitting and | voting as a Member of the House of Commons - J Sections Four, Five, Seven, and Eight.

c. 46. An Act to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North America therein mentioned.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year, — and ends with the words, — Benefit of the Publick.

c. 51. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England, — and ends with the words, — Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

058

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Yxcb

c. 53. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His lite Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Grown of Great Britain.

c. 54. An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Paring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, — and ends with the wordsv — shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament.

c. C3. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of King George the Second {for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned), as restrains die Use of the Highland Dress.

c. 67. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 71. An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

c. 72. An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets.

c. 73. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act"' to explain an Act made in the Twelfth Year, — and ends with the words, — Tobacco, the Growth of Scot- fin part; namely, — land, into England, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions Section Two to end of Act.

c. 74. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

c. 75. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act 'I to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office, — I- and ends with the words, — discharge the Duty thereof f, in Person, and behave well therein - J Section One. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 76. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 79. An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Compamea of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

c. 82. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An") Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt, 1. contracted — and ends with the words, — Revenues of the [' Civil List ..... -J Sections One, Three, Six to Twelve, and Eighteen.

c. 83. 23 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

c. 2. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

Ch. 116.

659

c. 3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

c. 4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

c. & An Act tke title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year, — and ends with the words, — preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the regulating the Fees, — and ends with the words, — granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 7. c. 9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time.

c. 10. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organ-lined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

c. 12. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing the importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Dominions m Europe or America. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 15. in part. An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions "'i contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in f111 ' namely* the Dying Trade - J Section One.

c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison, — and ends with the words, — destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

c. 17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal, — and ends with the words, — Bills and Promissory Notes.

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last session, — and ends with the words, — his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

c. 21. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams nnd TiUettmgs, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain.

c. 22. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 24. An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; so far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain.

c. 26. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America.

c. 28. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Aet"| for removing and preventing all doubts, — and ends 1 ., with the words, — His Majesty's Courts in the King- fm P*1*5 namely, dom of Great Britain - J Section Two from and that all Records " to end of that Section.

34 & 35 VICT

c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twentieth Year, — and ends with the words, — relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

c. 39. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for preventmr certain Instruments from being required from Ships, — and ends vitk the words, — Inhabitants of the said United States.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

c. 45. in part. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of 1 m Justiciary, and Circuit Courts, in Scotland - j-mpan, j, The last two Sections.

c. 51. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elisabeth, intituled An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

c. 62. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

o. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, — and ends with the words, — Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, — and ends with the words, — shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

c. 60. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year, — and ends with the words, — alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective Real Estates.

c. 64. An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise, in England and Scotland, the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own private Families.

c. 68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of foreign Spirits, — and ends with the words, — Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

c. 72. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

c. 74. An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon plain Muslins, unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

c. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ads with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 80. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses, — and ends with the words, — Attachment to the British Government.

c. 81. An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Meal, with i Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Com.

c. 84. An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil list.

c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity, — and etuis with the words, — Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

t<

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for eettlin^ and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty and the Publick.

seven hundred and eighty-four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

ment, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Publick, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Thx, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third, — and ends with the words, — for a limited Time.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Inhabitants of the said United States.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Pas- *| sengers and Goods for Hire to and from the Isle of > in part; namely, —

Wight ..... J

Section Ten.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — Inhabitants of the said United States.

An Act to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, at Midsummer, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, — and ends with the words, — Compensation in Lieu thereof.

An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to canoel Bonds, given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Com imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned.

An Act for appointing and enabhng Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens (mods, — and ends with the words, — British Colonies or Plantations in America.

certain Duties upon

An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parlia-

Price <i.]

3 K

662

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year, — and ends with the words, — Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

o. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory, — and ends with the words, — Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty-free.

c. 23. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — Inhabitants of the said United States.

c. 26. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts made in the 1 Tenth and Fifteenth Years, — and ends with the Sin part; namely, — words, — substituting other Provisions for the like [Purposes - - J Section One.

C. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy, — and ends with the words, — Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

c. 33. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year, — and ends with the words, — easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted m this Session of Parliament.

c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue several Laws, relating to the allowing the Exportation, — and ends with the words, — Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

c. 52. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

c. 53. in part. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on^| all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made f n P11 J* in Great Britain - - - J Sections One to Three, Sixteen and Eighteen.

c. 56. An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

25 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States, — and ends with the words, — Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

c. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

c. 3. c. 4. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for farther continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

663

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 8. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

c. 11. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

c. 12. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

C. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorise the Select Committee, — and ends with the words, — Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, — and ends with the words, — Business transacted in the said Offices.

c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament.

c. 22. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — and for imposing a Duty on such Licences.

c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same.

c. 25. An Act for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

c. 33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

c. 48. in part. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp-Duties on Licences 1 to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business:— of a Pawnbroker - -; J Except Sections Five to Eight.

c. 53. An Act for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands.

c. 56. 1 An Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage.

c. 59. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 60. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Post, between Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorise the Lord Steward of the Household, — and ends with the words, — Persons in low and indigent Circumstances.

c. 62. c. 64. in part. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act 'j for altering and amending an Act made in the last 1 /, Session, — and ends with the words, — wrought Plate f P"*1* made in Great Britain - - J Sections Two and Four. 3 K 2

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

c. 74. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea, — and ends with the words, — better securing the Duties qd Candles.

c. 76. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses, — and ends with the word* — Attachment to the British Government.

c. 77. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Actl to amend so much of an Act passed in the Four- I. teenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Manufactory [J> from the Provisions herein contained - - J Sections Three and Four.

c. 78. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade.

c. 79. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 81. An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

26 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

c. 2. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

c. 3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

c. 6. c. 6. An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

c. 7. c. 8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

c. 10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and render more effectual the several Laws, — and ends with the words, — Bounties for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 31. in part. An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of 1 every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction I: — of the National Debt - - J Except Section Fourteen to " this Act " and Sections Fifteen and Sixteen.

c. 32. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

c. 33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

665

c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to .explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors, — and ends with the words, — Qualifications of the Commissioners.

c. 43. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the ftirther Relief of Debtors, — and ends with the words, — their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, — and ends with the words, — Nomination of the said Judges.

c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, — and ends with the words, — Growth of the British Plantations, and the United States of America.

c. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores, — and ends with the words, — undressed Flax from His Majesty's Colonies in America.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — removed into any other Division or Place.

c. 56. An Act for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor.

c. 58. An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all charitable Donations, for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 59. An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 64. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 65. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Fees, — and ends with the words, — Business transacted in the said Offices.

c. 67. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses, — and ends with the words, — Attachment to the British Government.

c. 69. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 3 K 3

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 71. in part. An Act for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept 1, for the Purpose of Slaughtering Horses - -/m part; namely" Section Seventeen.

c. 73. An Act the title of which begins with the wordsAn Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines, — and ends with the words, — Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

c. 74. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

c. 75. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

c. 76. An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards of a limited Price.

c. 77. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to limit a*] Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants, — and ends | # with the words, — Duties under the Management of the Commissioners f ' of Excise - J Except Sections Eight, Twelve, and Nineteen.

o. 78. An Act for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain.

c. 80. An Act for further continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, relating to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

c. 84. An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions.

o. 85. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year, — and ends %rith the words, — Exportation of British made Cordage.

c. 87. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee-farm, and other unimproveable Rents.

c. 88. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, — and ends with the words, — Services performed by him to His Majesty, and this Country.

c. 92. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year, — and ends with the words, — easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

c. 93. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

c. 95. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

c. 96. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons, — and ends with the words, — Dissolution of Parliament.

c. 97. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eiguty-six.

c. 103. An Act the title of which begins xoith the words, — An Act for assessing the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — Removal of the said Office into any other Division or Place.

Ch. 116.

c. 105. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

c. 121. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

27 Geo. 3. c. 2. An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 3. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

c. 5. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 7. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual.

c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, — and ends with the words, — further Time for that Purpose.

c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the toords, — An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year, — and ends with the words, — Common Gaol or House of Correction.

c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skynner, — and ends with the words, — upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, — and ends with the words, — Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

c. 16. An Act for making perpetual Two Acts passed in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 18. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, — and ends with the words, — Duty on Coals exported.

c. 23. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

c. 24. An Act for raising a farther Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

o. 25. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and end? with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, — and ends with the words, — Business transacted in the said Offices.

668

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An 'Act to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax imported.

c. 37. c. 39. An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses, — and ends with the words, — Attachment to the British Government.

c. 41. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 42. An Act for allowing further Tune for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers.

c. 44. in part. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in'). ., Ecclesiastical Courts - .)m part; namely, -Section One.

c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

28 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

o. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

c. 3. c. 4. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland and imported into England.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 11. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

c. 12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 16. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act against the canying of White Ashes out of the Realm.

c. 18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and eighty-eight.

c. 19. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

c. 21. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 23. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue sevenl Laws relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, — and ends with the words, — ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation, — and ends with the words, — Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

1871.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 116.

669

c. 31. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty to make such Regulations, — and ends with the words, — Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, — and ends with the words, — East Florida to the King of Spain.

c. 41. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year, — and ends with the words, — eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth year, — and ends with the words, — meritorious Services in that Office.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses, — and ends with the words, — Attachment to the British Government.

c. 45. c. 46. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland, — and ends with the words, — Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

c. 47. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 48. c* 50. An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney-Sweepers, and their Apprentices. An Act to amend, and continue* for a limited Time, an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

c. 54. An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 55, in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — AnY Act for the better and more effectual Protection of I . ., Stocking Frames, — and ends with the words, — Wool j or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame -J Section Four.

29 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 2# An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 3. c. 6. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

c. 9. An Act to repeal Two Acts made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

c. 10. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session, — end ends with the words, — not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

670

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 15. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain railed England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

c. 18. An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the better seeming the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

c. 33. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

c. 35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

c. 36. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 41. in part. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of 1 Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Sur- V in part; namely, — vivorship, in Classes - - J Section One from "be at liberty" to "and shall," and Sections Two to Twelve, Fourteen to Twenty, Thirty-five, Thirty-six, Thirty-eight, and Thirty-nine.

c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session, — and ends witji the words, — and to revive and continue the said last-mentioned Act.

c. 51. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions.

c. 54. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

c. 65. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

c. 60. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses, — and ends with the words, — Attachment to the British Government.

c. 63. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, — and ends with the words, — Licences for that Purpose.

c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, — and ends with the words, — Persons employed in that Revenue.

c. 66. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

30 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying all Persons, — and ends with the words, — Provisions relative thereto.

c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety.

1871. Statute Law Revision. Ch. 116. 671

c. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety.

c. 5. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 7. c. 9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty^ Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety.

c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

c. 15. An Act for raiding a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety.

c. 16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety.

c. 17. An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

c. 19. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 23. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — Persona as should be willing to contract for the same.

c. 24. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 30. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 31. in part. An Act the title of which begiiis with the words, — An-1 Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth 1 . ., Year, — and ends with the words, — marking of Silver [P Wares - - J Section Two.

c. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 33. An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 34. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, — and ends with the words, — East Florida to the King of Spain.

c. 35. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England

672

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35VJOT.

c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue Two Acts made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years, — and ends with the words, — and for amending the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reigm

c. 38. in part. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and *1 Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof - J Except so much of Section Fifteen as defines a Retailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors and strong Waters, and a retailing thereof.

c. 39. An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect of the Duties imposed by to Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins. with the words, — An Act to continue, for i limited Time, certain Provisions, — and ends with the words, — prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

c. 44. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physick.

c. 45. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An"] Act for converting certain Annuities, — and ends with I . ., the words, — 'Treasury to nominate Lives for the | ln P 5 h Shares so converted - -J Sections One, Three to Eleven, Section Twelve to " depending thereon," Section Thirteen to " such Register/' and Sections Fourteen, Seventeen to Nineteen, and Twenty-one to Twenty-three.

c. 47. An Act for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 48. in port. An Act for discontinuing the Judgement which has been"] required by Law to be given against Women con- (in part; namely, — victed of certain Crimes, and substituting another [Judgement in lieu thereof - -J Section Three.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year, — and ends with the words, — alienate Fee Farm, and other unimproveable Rents.

31 Geo. 3. c. 2. c. 3. An Act for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties upon Malt. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to give farther Time to John Macbride, — and ends with the words, — Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue and amend so much of Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, — and ends with the words, — prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

c. 6. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised is Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

c. 7. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

c. 9. c. 10. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified.

c. 12.

c. 13. c. 14.

c. 16.

c. 28.

c. 31. in part.

c. 32. in part.

c. 34. c. 40.

c. 41.

c. 44. c. 48. c. 49.

c. 50. c. 52.

c. 53. c. 54.

32 Geo. 3. c. 3.

c. 4.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between, — and ends with the words, — Countries belonging to the said United States.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

An Act to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, for the Loss of their Offices.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Government of the said Province -

Except Sections Thirty-five, Thirty-eight to Forty, and Forty-three to Forty-five.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Per- >in part; namely, — sons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject - - ...

Section Ten.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution, — and ends with the words, — Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Publick Expenses occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

An Act to continue for a limited Time, an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Coast of Africa.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Female Servants.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

' rice 2d.] 3 L

L.

c. 5. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

c. 6. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

c. 7. An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles).

c. 8. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excite by Common Brewers.

c. 13. An Act the title of which depins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty to make Provision, — and ends with the words, — in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive him.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue file Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

c. 16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

c. 17. c. 18. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for continuing and granting to His Mqeaty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

c. 19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 23. An Act the title of which begins' with the words, — An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

c. 26. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

c. 28. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised bj a Lottery.

c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, — and ends toith the words, — Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, — and ends with the words, — Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty.

c. 52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 56. in part. An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certi-1 ., ficates of the Charters of Servant. - - /w 5 Section Seven.

c. 57. in part. An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices - in part; namely, — Section Ten, Section Twelve from " but " to " of such distress," and the following words in that Section, — " or for his or her payment of any sum or sums of money in lieu of a subsequent binding."

c. 61. An Act to indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers and other Publications, from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein mentioned, relative to Lotteriee.

33 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory, — and ends with the words, — in the Name of any publick Authority in France.

675

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying all Persons, — and ends with the words, — Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

c. 4. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

c. 6. c. 7. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

c. 9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 11. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

C. 17. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

c. 18. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia.

c. 26. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War.

c. 27. An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to. His Majesty's Enemies.

c. 34. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prises, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

c. 35. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

c. 36. An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, — and ends with the words, — Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the landing Rum, — and ends with the words, — Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

c. 49. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the Ninth Year, — and ends with the words, — Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom.

c. 61. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

c. 69. An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned. 3 L 2

34 & 36 Vict.

c. 61. An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time.

c. 62. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 67. in part. An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing.'! destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and 1 in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Casters, and Ship | P Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations J The last Section.

c. 68. in pvt. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act*l for remedying Inconveniences attending certain Pro- 1 . ., ceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, — | 1 P*15 namely, and ends with the words, — County Courts in Wales - J Sections One and Two.

c. 69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland; and for granting other Duties on Licences to sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in Lieu thereof.

c. 71. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

c. 72. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 73. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 74. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

. c. 77. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity, I. — and ends with the words, — tord Rodney to ffis namely, Majesty and the Publick - -J Sections Three to Five.

34 Geo. 3. c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 6. c. 7. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

c. 8. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, — and ends with the words, — Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

c. 10. c. 11. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

c. 13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 16. c. 22. j An Act for augmenting the Militia. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men, at certain Ports, for a limited Time,

677

c. 28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

c. 29. An Act for raising a further Sura of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

c. 30. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

c. 31. An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily inroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

c. 32. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes in certain Cases.

c. 35. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

c. 36. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

o. 40. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers, — and ends with the words, — under certain Restrictions.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

c. 46. An Act for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

c. 49. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 54. An Act to Empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

c. 55. An Act for saving to His Majesty the Duty of new Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 56. An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills.

c. 57. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year, — and ends with the words, — Commissioners of Sick and Hurt.

c. 60. An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

C. 61. An Act for the better observation of the Lord's Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers.

c. 62. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 69. c. 70. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors. An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty. 3 L 3

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 71. An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in His Mfigeaty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuits, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands.

c. 79. An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by. Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

c. 80. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 82. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

35 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and ninety-five.

c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tafc, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

c. 3. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

c. 4. An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, without Payment of Duty.

c. 5. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

c. 6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 7* c. 9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for procuring a Supply of Men from the several Ports of this Kingdom, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

c. 16. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of severed Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — Commissioners of the Land Tax.

c. 19. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

c. 21. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

c. 22. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

c. 24. An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

c. 25. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — the said United States.

1871.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 116.

679

c. 29. An Act for raising a certain number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries. Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Sendee of His Majesty's Navy.

c. 33. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

c. 34. An Act for enabling the Magistrates, in the several Counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy.

c. 35. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

c. 36. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 37. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 57. An Act to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

c. 58. An Act for requiring till Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

c. 60. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters, — and ends with the wordsf-r\n the said General Post Office.

c. 64. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for a limited Time.

c. 65. An Act to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 88. An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

c. 90. An Act for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 98. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the First Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

c. 99. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

c. 100. An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

c. 101. in part. An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons, until \, they shall become actually chargeable - . jin Pa 5 name y. Section Two from " Provided that nothing " to end of that Section, Section Three, Section Five from "or who by" to " disorderly person," and the last Section.

c. 102. in part. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of \., defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances J m namely> Section Seven.

c. 112. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing further Time for Persons, — and ends with the words, — Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

680

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 113. in part. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling 1 Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly > in part; namely, — licensed - - J From the beginning to " or Offenders: And/* Section One from " so much " to " Ninety-five," and Sections Thirteen and Fifteen.

c. 115. An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, nor registered as suck, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions.

c. 116. An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, respecting the Duties of Excise thereby granted on Wash, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and Sweets.

c. 119. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, — and enit with the words, — Payment of Duty.

c. 120. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 123. An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

o. 124. An Act to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain.

c. 127. An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a'limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned.

c. 129. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, — and ends with the words, — Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues.

c. 130. An Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her Life.

36 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

c. 3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty.

c. 4. An Act to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

c. 5. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time.

c. 6. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat, and other Articles of Food; and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.

c. 7. in part. An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's 1 Person and Government against treasonable and I in part; namely, — seditious Practices and Attempts - J Sections Two to Four.

681

c. 9. in part. An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of! . ., Grain within the Kingdom - , /m part; namely, -Sections Three to Five.

c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes.

c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing Bounties for a limited Time, on the Importation, — and ends with the words, — Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

c. 24. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 28.

c. 29.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

c. 30. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

c. 31. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 32. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

c. 36. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be pud to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 37. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Third-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

c. 41. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

o.52. in part. An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and 1 Shares of Personal Estates and for granting other I in part; namely, — Duties thereon, in certain Cases -J Sections Forty, Forty-five, and Forty-six, and, except as regards Annuities the duty on which became payable on or before the 19th day of May 1853, so much of the Schedule as contains Tables of the values of annuities and Rules for inferring the values of annuities.

c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Act, made in this present Session, — and ends with the words, — or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 60. in part. An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal 1 Buttons; and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from I in part; namely, — being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons - J Section Seventeen.

c. 80. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail.

c. 81. An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

682

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 83. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the farther Support and Maintenance of Curates, — and ends with the words, — Avoidance of other Benefices.

c. 84. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

c. 89. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for assessing die Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Duties on Salt, — end ends with the words, — Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of . Middlesex.

c. 104. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 106. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.

c. 107. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

c. 108. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, — and ends with the words, — Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

c. 109. An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

«. 112. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, — and ends with the words, — entitled to be registered according to the existing Laws in that Behalf.

c. 116. An Act to enforce the due Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising a certain number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

c. 116. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

c. 120. An Act for enabling the East India Company to 'perform an Engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier, Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton from the East Indies.

c. 126. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sura of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session 01 Parliament.

37 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

c. 2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

c. 4. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

c. 5. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

c. 6. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

683

c. 7. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits.

c. 8. An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

c. 12. An Act to continue several Acts made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of Hia present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize m Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time.

e. SI. An Act authorising His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 23. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made m this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

c. 24. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for reusing a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

c. 25. in part. An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia T Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of > in part; namely, — Middlesex ---- J Section One from " and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the " to end of that Section, Sections Two, Four, Six, Section Eleven so far as relates to the declaration therein referred to, and the rest of the Act so far as it relates to property qualifications of officers of militia.

c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments, — and ends with the words, — Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

c. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, — and ends with the words, — Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 33. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 34. c. 35. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade, — and ends with the words, — Countries belonging to the said United States.

c. 36. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

c. 39. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to allow the Banks, — and ends with the words, — Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom.

34 & 35YICI.

c. 41. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepen and others on Quartering Soldiers.

c. 45. An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

c. GO. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the present Session, — and ends with the words, — Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and contawe, for a limited Time, and amend an Act passed in the present Session, — and ends with the words, — Part of the United Kingdom.

c. 64. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

C. 70. in part. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment ofl Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Alle- >in part; namely, — giance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience The last Section.

c. 71. An Act for more effectually restraining intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

C. 72. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the JManufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

C. 74. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments, — and ends wdk the words, — general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

c. 76. An Act to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

c. 76. An Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Great Britain for a limited Time.

c. 82. An Act for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned.

c. 83. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation and permits the Importation, Duty free, of several Sorts of Com, and other Articles made thereof.

c. 84. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever for a limited Time.

c. 85. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend so mudi of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year, — and ends with the words, — to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt, in the Cases therein mentioned.

c. 92. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

o. 93. c. 95.

c. 97. c. 99.

c. 103. c. 104.

c. 112. c. 113.

c. 114.

c. 116.

c. 119.

c. 120.

c. 125.

c. 127. in part.

c. 128.

c. 137. c. 138. c. 139. c. 140.

[No. 58.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.

An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time.

An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act further to continue an Act, made in this present Session, — and ends with the words, — and also for continuing such subsequent Act.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, — and ends with the words, — said Islands, for a limited Time.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention, — and ends with the words, — in the Case of a Demise of the Crown Section Two.

An Act for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office, and their Officers, to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall; notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session, — and ends with the words, — Part of the United Kingdom for a limited Time.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year, — and ends with the words, — Oath of Trust and Possession to Persons offering to vote for Preses and Clerk.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers, — and ends with the words, — wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution.

An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences.

°ric« 2d.] 3 M

|-in part; namely, —

686

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 143. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the"' Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of >in part; namely, — the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances - - -J Section One from " That from " to " repealed; and."

c. 144. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

38 Geo. 3. c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days, — and ends with the words, — Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time.

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

c. 4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upoo Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

c. 5. in part. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land *1 Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of 1 . the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety- f Part> n eight ---- .J Section Three from "all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic" to "in manner herein-after mentioned; and that," Section Four from " for or upon " to " Estates, and, " Section Six, Section Forty-nine so far as it relates to the Oaths appointed by the Acts 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 13. and 6 Geo. 3. c. 53., Sections Fifty-five, Fifty-six, Fifty-nine to Sixty-one, Sixty-six to Sixty-eight, Eighty-eight, Ninety-eight, Ninety-nine, One hundred and twenty, Section One hundred and twenty-four from " and also " to end of that Section, Section One hundred and twenty-seven. Section One hundred and forty to end of Act, and the rest of the Act so far as it relates to duties on estates in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandize, chattels or other personal estate.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 7. An Act the title of which begins xcith the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 8. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Importation of several Articles of Provision.

c. 11. An Act the title of which begins xeith the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

c. 12. An Act to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

mi.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 116.

687

c. 15. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the present War, — and ends with the words, — Six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace.

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, — and ends with the words, — incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

c. 20. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

c. 21. in part. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on" John Earl Saint Vincent, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall I. f descend, in Consideration of the eminent Sendee j performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Publick -Sections Two to Four.

c. 22. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Publick.

c. 23. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 24. c. 25. An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cases. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt from Portugal, in Neutral Ships.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

c. 27. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prevent during the War, Persons, — and ends with the words, — Persons, Territories, and Places under their Government.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue until the Conclusion of the present War, — and ends with the words, — Wheat and other Articles to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

c. 30. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Distilleries, in the respective Districts in Scotland.

c. 32. An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. 3 M 2

c. 36.

c. 40.

c. 44.

c. 46.

c. 51.

c. 59.

c. 61.

c. 63.

c. 64.

c. 66.

c. 68.

c. 70.

c. 72.

c. 75. c. 76.

c. 77-

c. 79.

c. 82.

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government

An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

An Act to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to raise and embody a Milita Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy.

An Act for authorizing the billetting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the Payment of certain Duties Persons providing Horses for the said Yeomanry Cavalry.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — and to suspend the Coining of Silver.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, — and ends with the words, — Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Sendees of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

An Act for regulating the Payment, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, — and ends with the words, — signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the present Session, — and ends with the words, — Aliena arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act more effectually to

§ revent, during the War, Persons, — and ends with the words, — Correspoo-ence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies.

An Act for raising an Additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

1871. Statute Law Revision. Ch. 116. 689

c. 83. An Act to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by way of Annuities.

c. 84. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, — and ends with the words, — and on the Tonnage of Ships entering Outwards or Inwards.

c. 88. An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, — and ends faith the words, — ? Orders, lost, burnt, 6t otherwise destroyed.

c. 91. c. 94. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills. An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament.

39 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nelson, Lord Nelson, ends with the words, — Lord Nelson, to His Majesty and the Publick.

c. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff; for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act further to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of One Month, — and ends with the words, — voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

c. 8. An Act for extending the Time allowed for taking out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 10. An Act the title of which beains with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time.

c. 11. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents.

c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 14. An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions; and for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve in the said Militia.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-first Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — conspiring against His Person and Government. 3 M 3

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until Thirty Days, — and ends with the words, — Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

c. 18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, far the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 19. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred.

c. 20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 23. An Act the title of which begins icith the words, — An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, — and ends with the words, — Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next, — and ends with the words, — that Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next, — and ends with the words, — Notes for Sums under a certain Amount.

c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, — and ends with the words, — Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, — and ends with the words, — except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred, — and ends with the words, — Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

c. 29. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and & like Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

c. 30. An Act the title erf which begins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, — and ends with the words, — Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. t

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of July, — and ends with the words, — Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland.

c. 32. An Act to permit Ships to sail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, and from the Coast of Labrador, without Convoy.

c. 33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 34. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth 1. Year, — and ends with the words, — by making other | n P name J* Provisions for that Purpose - J Sections One and Two.

c. 35. An Act for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions.

c. 36. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 39. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England, therein mentioned.

691

c. 41. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred, — and ends with the words, — conspiring against His Person and Government.

c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes.

c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July next, an Act, made in the present Session, — and ends with the words, — ^Billa of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, — and ends with the words, — Notes for Sums under a certain Amount.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors* Benefit.

c. 51. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorising the Removal of Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

V c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, — and ends with the words, — as relates to Penitentiary Houses.

c. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, — and ends with the words, — that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify all Persons, — and ends with the words, — and to repeal Parts of the said Act, relating to the Buying of Hides.

c. 55. in part. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relative to Colliers in that *1 Part of Great Britain called Scotland - - / ' Except Sections Five and Six.

c. 57. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

c. 58. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office.

c. 61. An Act to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom; and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof.

c. 62. An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 66. An Act for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots Civil List Establishment.

c. 67. An Act to enable such Person as His Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant Office of a Baron of the Exchequer, to take upon himself the Degree of a Serjeant at Law.

c. 68. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

692

Ch. 116.

Statute Law Revision.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 69. An Act for raisin# the Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 70. An Act for raisin# the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 71. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies u shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Dubes on Income.

c. 73. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for exempting certain specifick Legacies, — and ends [., with the worth, — Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the |in P*1*' namci^ Trustees of the British Museum -J Section Two.

c. 74. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, and ends with the words, — Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

c. 79. in pbit. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies'! established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes; I. _ and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious | n; namci; Practices ---- J Section Four, Section Eleven from " save " to end of that Section, and Sections TVelve and Thirty-nine.

c. 84. m part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable* the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, — and ends with the words, — payable out of the Consolidated Fund -Except the last Section.

c. 87. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, — and ends with the words, — Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

c. 88. An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

c. 91. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 93. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — Treason after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons.

c. 95. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit Goods the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, — and ends with the words, — Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom.

c. 96. An Act to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of all the Rusaias.

c. 97. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

c. 98. An Act to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool, in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty.

c. 101. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue sevenl Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries, — and ends with the words, — Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

c. 102. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, — and ends with the words, — British Dominions in Europe.

i

693

c. 103. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

c. 105. An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva.

c. 109. c. 110. in part. An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges, — and ends with the words, >; — — Resignation of their respective Offices - - J Except Section Seven.

c. 112. An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified in such Order to be imported into this Kingdom, in Neutral Ships.

c. 113. An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of One of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation.

c. 114. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred.

c. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, — and ends with the words, — to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Publick Revenue.

c. 5. An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, — and ends with the words, — Act of last Session of Parliament for granting certain Duties upon Income.

c. 7. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred, — and ends with the words, — collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred, — and ends with the words, — Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

c. 10. An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred.

c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, — and ends with the words, — and for allowing, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 13. An Act for allowing farther Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Militia Fores in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships.

c. 18. An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time.

c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and one, — and ends with the words, - — conspiring against His Person and Government.

c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and one, — and ends with the words, — Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

c. 24. c. 25. An Act for the Regulation of. His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making Starch.

c. 27. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 28. in part. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company-] of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, ! towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred ---- -J Except from " the said Governor and' Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, for ever," in Section Thirteen to end of Act.

c. 29. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, — cad ends with the words, — Bullion, to be remitted Abroad on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services Abroad.

c. 34. An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and one.

c. 35. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred.

c. 36. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — knr Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, — and ends with the words, — Mer- >in part; namely — chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other Parts of America, Party thereto - -J Section Three and Section Four so far as it relates to the South Sea 1 Company.

1871.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 116.

695

c. 37. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred.

c. 38. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to Saltpetre.

c. 39. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 40. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor, — and ends with the words, — First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two.

c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, — and ends with the words, — Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one.

c. 52. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

c. 53. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred.

c. 64. in part An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accoun-"] tants with the Payment of Interest; for allowing (. interest to them in certain Cases; and for compel- rm Parti namely, ling the Payment of Balances due from them - J Section Seven.

c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, — and ends with the words, — Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

c. 58. An Act for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty.

c. 61. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, such Part of an Act, made in the jpresent Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on \Vort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar.

c. 62. An Act to allow, for Nine Months after the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer.

c. 63. An Act for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty on being dressed in Great Britain.

c. 64. An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships.

c. 67. in part. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland - in part; namely, — Section One so far as it relates to the parts of Articles following; namely, — Article Fourth, — The tenth paragraph. Article Sixth, — The third paragraph from " and that, for the Period 99 to end of that paragraph, the fourth and last paragraphs, and the Schedules to Article Sixth, and so much of the rest of that Article as relates to such Schedules.

c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, — and ends with the words, — and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

c. 69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery and on Licences for vending the same.

c. 70. c. 71.

c. 75. c. 76.

c. 77.

in part.

c. 81. in part.

c. 82.

c. 87.

c. 88. in part.

c. 91.

c. 99. in part.

c. 100.

c. 101.

c. 102.

c. 103. c. 104. c. 105.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to exempt from Duty Waste Paper imported, — and ends with the words, — Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported.

An Act to authorise Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March, which shall not have been baked Twenty-four hours, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may hire been so 6old.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and \ - . _a, i_

for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners - J in P*11

Sections One, Two, Five, and Seven.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year" of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling i .,

of Hops, and for the better Collection of the Dufy r m P8* ' name1^' on Hops; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops -Section One, Section Four from " when" to "such current Year or Hop Season; and, " and Sections Five to Seven, Nine, and Ten.

An Act for suspending, until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, — and ends with the words, — Boats upon the River Thames.

An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real" and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and also of the Real and Personal >in part; namely, — Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being -Sections Eleven and Twelve.

An Act to prohibit, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice.

An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawn-1 #, __

brokers - - /in P811 nameAJ '

Sections One and Thirty-three.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, — and ends with the words, — Natives to inlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to give further Time for the Payment, — and ends with the words, — trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred.

An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred.

An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, — and ends with the words, — for anything done in pursuance of such Permission.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund,

— and ends with the words, — Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed -

Except the last Section, so far as it relates'to Receipts of Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, — and ends with the words, — Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof.

An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of Januanr One thousand eight hundred and two, the Use of Corn in distilling or Spirits or making of Starch.

An Act for suspending until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, the Duties on Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days, — and ends with the words, — Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Sootland.

An Act for shortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of keeping in Steep for malting. Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

An Act to permit until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, — and ends with the words, — Six Weeks after the meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

An Act to permit, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain.

An Act to remove Doubts arising upon the Construction of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

Ch. 116, 117.

Statute Law Revision.

c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue until the Expiration of Six Weeks, — and ends with the wordi, — obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

c. 24. An Act for continuing, until Six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace, Three Acts made in the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Yean of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations respecting Alios arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

c. 26. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand eigk hundred and one, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament

c. 27. An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and hading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, — and ends with the words, — Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Persons as His Majesty shill suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

CHAP. 117.

18th Report, dated 27th Feb. 1871.

Scheme

confirmed.

An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the several Charities founded by the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred, of Whixley in the county of York, Esquire, deceased.

[21st August 1871.]

WHEREAS the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales in their Report to Her Majesty of their proceedings during the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy have reported that they have provisionally approved and certified (among other schemes for the application and management of charities) a scheme for the several charities " founded by the settlement and will of Christopher Tancred," of Whixley in the county of York, Esquire, deceased:

And whereas it is expedient that the scheme as the same is fully set out and defined in the schedule to this Act should be confirmed:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1 The said scheme is hereby confirmed; provided always, that nothing in this Act or in the said scheme shall be held to interfere with the ordinary jurisdiction over endowed charities now exerciseable by the Court of Chancery and the Charity Commissioners.

Tancred98 Sharities.

Ch. 117.

699

SCHEDULE.

SCHEME

For the application and management of certain Charities founded by the settlement of Christopher Tancred, of Whixley in the county of York, Esquire, deceased.

Notwithstanding the provisions of any Act of Parliament or scheme now in force for the regulation of the charities, it shall be lawful for the Charity Commissioners, upon the application of the Governors, to establish a scheme providing for the following objects; viz., —

1. The discontinuance of the Whixley Manor House as a hospital

or place of residence for the pensioners, at such time or times, and in such manner, and subject to such provisions and regulations and the payment of such compensations as may be determined by the scheme, with a due regard to the rights and interests, pecuniary or residentiary, of the existing pensioners and officers of the charity:

2. Granting in future, out of that part of the income of the charity

which is now appropriated to the pensioners, to twelve pensioners, qualified as specified in the settlement, out-pensions of eighty pounds a year in lieu of the residence at Whixley House and other emoluments; such pensions to be forfeited if alienated for debt, or otherwise, and to cease if it shall appear to the Governors that the continuance of them is from a change in the circumstances of the pensioners no longer required or from misconduct of the pensioners inexpedient:

3. Enabling the Governors with the sanction of the Commissioners to deal with the Whixley Manor House and appurtenances in such manner as may be considered from time to time desirable; and when the surplus of the pensioners part of the income of the charity, after paying such out-pensions as aforesaid, shall be sufficient for the purpose, to establish a school for the benefit primarily of the children of poor persons from those classes for whom the said Christopher Tancred founded his pensions:

4. Enabling the Society of Lincoln's Inn to appoint some member of their bench as their nominee to be a member of the corporation of the Governors in lieu of the treasurer of the society, and from time to time to vary such appointment.

---

[List of acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1871.

