Table of Statutes passed in Ireland, 1792 32 George 3, c.1 - c.41.
From The Statutes at Large Passed in Ireland, vol. 16.
---

1. An act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

3. An act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An act for Facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

4. An act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, and for other Purposes.

5. An act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom

6. An act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious, and Charitable Purposes.

7. An act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade.

8. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

9. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

10. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

11. An act to amend the Laws for the Sale and Insurance of Lottery Tickets.

12. An act to explain the Trusts for which certain Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited, by Reason of the Rebellion in this Kingdom in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trustees nominated by the several Bishops in whose Dioceses such Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes are situated.

13. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, so far only as respects the Navigation from Belturbet, by Lough-Erne to the Sea, and to constitute certain Persons therein named, a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying on and completing said Navigation.

14. An act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act to explain and amend certain Laws relative to Inland Navigations of this Kingdom.

16. An act for regulating the Office of Constable, and for better enforcing the Process of the criminal Law in certain Parts of this Kingdom.

17. An act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein.

18. An act for confirming the Powers of the Society of King’s-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Act, Entitled, An act to regulate the Admission of Barristers at Law.

19. An act for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spiritous Liquors by Retail, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors.

20. An act for the Encrease of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal Preference in the Corn Trade between this Kingdom and Great Britain.

21. An act to remove certain Restraints and Disabilities therein mentioned, to which His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion are now subject.

22. An act to indemnify such of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, as have omitted to take and subscribe the Oath and Declaration mentioned in an act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act to enable His Majesty's Subjects of whatsoever Persuasion, to testify their Allegiance to Him, and to enable such Persons to take and subscribe such Oath and Declaration at any Time before the First of November next.

23. An act for the further Encouragement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom.

24. An act for the better enabling certain Persons to open and work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals and Fossils in this Kingdom, and to open and improve the Harbour of Arklow, in the County of Wicklow, and to form a Canal from the said Harbour of Arklow, to the Meetings- Bridge, and to extend the same towards the Kilkenny Collieries, and the Glenmalur Mines.

25. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue arising from Forfeited Recognizances, as also an act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act to amend an act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue arising from Forfeited Recognizances, and to extend the Provisions thereof, and for enlarging the Time for John.Howard Kyan, Esquire, to account pursuant to his Recognizance.

26. An act for enabling the Royal Canal Company to make Docks on the North Side of the River Liffey, under certain Conditions.

27. An act for the employing at hard Labour, Persons sentenced to be transported.

28. An act further to promote the building of new Churches.

29. An act to prevent Abuses in the Collection of Tolls.

30. An act for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom.

31. An act to empower His Majesty to grant Licenses to alien Lands in Mortmain.

32. An act to enable Aliens born out of the Allegiance of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to take Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in this Kingdom, by Way of Mortgage, subject to certain Restrictions.

33. An act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

34. An act to explain and amend an act made in this Kingdom, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Entitled, An act for the supplying a Defect in an act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, Entitled, An act for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in this Kingdom.

35. An act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious.

36. An act to amend an act made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act for improving and repairing the Turnpike-Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone.

37. An act for enabling the Trustees for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough- Bridge, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, more effectually to carry the said Acts into Execution.

38. An act to amend an Act, Entitled, An act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Maryborough, in the Queen’s-County, through the Towns of Mountrath, Castletown, and Borris in Offory, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Roscrea, in the County of Tipperary, and through the Town of Dunkerrin, in the King’s-County, to the Town of Tomivarah, in the said County of Tipperary.

39. An act to explain and amend the several Laws for repairing and amending the Turnpike Road leading from Kilkenny to Clogheen.

40. An act for reviving and continuing certain Temporary Statutes.

41. An act for the Relief of the Creditors of Robert Brook, late of Prosperous, in the County of Kildare, Esquire.

