Table of Statutes passed in Ireland, 1793 33 George 3, c.1 - c.56.
From The Statutes at Large Passed in Ireland, vol. 16.
---

1. An act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served, or are serving in Foreign Armies.

2. An act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom; and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without License.

3. An act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution Three several Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council, of this Kingdom, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the Seventeenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three respectively, and for establishing certain Bonds therein mentioned.

4. An act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for continuing the Effect of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation signed at Versailles on the Twenty-sixth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

6. An act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

7. An act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

8. An act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

9. An act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious and Charitable Purposes.

10. An act for confirming, amending, and enlarging the Powers vested in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry Navigation.

11. An act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade.

12. An act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, and for other Purposes.

13. An act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for granting to His Majesty, for one Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the same, prior to, or during the said Term.

15. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

16. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

17. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance. of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

18. An act to prevent Insurance of Lottery Tickets, to regulate the Drawing of Lotteries, and to amend the Laws respecting the same.

19. An act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Castlecomer, in the County of Kilkenny, to the City ot Kilkenny.

20. An act for continuing and amending the several Acts, for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Killmallock and Charleville, and to continue an act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act to continue and amend an act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork.

21. An act For the Relief of His Majesty's Popish, or Roman Catholick Subjects of Ireland.

22. An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland.

23. An act for the Encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, by rendering it more easy to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to remit their Wages to this Kingdom, and by providing for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Wages due to deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines, as aforesaid.

24. An act for the Relief of Persons carrying on the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin.

25. An act to encourage the Improvement of Barren Land.

26. An act for further amending the several Laws for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-Bridge, and for enabling the Trustees for the said Purposes, to borrow a further Sum to complete a new Communication Eallward of Ballybough-Bridge.

27. An act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement made between the Trustees named and appointed by the last Will and Testament of Richard Morgan, late of Newcastle, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, deceased, and John Gridley, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, the Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Richard Morgan, concerning the real and personal Estates whereof the said Richard Morgan died seized and possessed, and for other Purposes.

28. An act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom.

29. An act to prevent the Election or Appointment of unlawful Assemblies, under Pretence of preparing or presenting public Petitions, or other Addresses to His Majesty, or the Parliament.

30. An act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traiterous Correspondence. with, or Aid, or Assistance being given to His Majesty’s Enemies.

31. An act for regulating the Trade of Ireland, to and from the East Indies, under certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned.

32. An act to explain and reduce into One Act, the several Laws for making, repairing, or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas, to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the said Town of Maryborough, to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh, to O’Brien’s Bridge.

33. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and for the more easily railing of the same.

34. An act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations.

35. An act for the better Regulation of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts in Dublin.

36. An act for continuing the Duties granted to His Majesty on Licenses for the Retail of Spirituous Liquors, and for continuing the Regulations for issuing such Licenses, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors.

37. An act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein.

38. An act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations.

39. An act to enable his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, to issue Treasury Bills, for raising the Sum of Three Hundred Thousand Pounds.

40. An act to prevent the excessive Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, and for encouraging the Storing thereof.

41. An act for securing the Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons, by excluding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown, to be hereafter created, or holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Pensions for Terms of Years, or during His Majesty's Pleasure.

42. An act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in Regard to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

43. An act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in cases of Libel.

44. An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the Thirty-second Years of His Majesty, Entitled, An act for confirming the Powers of the Society of King’s-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Act, Entitled, An act to regulate the Admission of Barristers at Law, as confirms the Charter of the said Society.

45. An act for the Trial of Treason committed out of the King’s Dominions.

46. An act to amend and explain an act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom.

47. An act for the further regulating the Price at which Coals shall be purchased, for the Supply of the Public Coal Yards in the City of Cork, and sold out of the same.

48. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An act to explain the Trusts for which certain Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited by Reason of the Rebellion in this Kingdom, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trustees nominated by the several Bishops in whose Dioceses such Rectories Impropriate and Tithes are situated.

49. An act for re-vesting in His Majesty the Estates forfeited in One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, yet remaining unsold.

50. An act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries in this Kingdom, and for continuing certain Acts respecting the same.

51. An act to remove some Doubts respecting Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Test.

52. An act for the Advancement of Trade and Manufactures, by granting the Sums therein mentioned, for the Support of Commercial Credit.

53. An act for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of the Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein.

54. An act for amending an Act, Entitled, An act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious.

55. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

56. An act respecting the Collection of Publick Money, to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin, by Presentment.

