Table of Statutes passed in Ireland, 1797 37 George 3, c.1 - c.63.
From The Statutes at Large Passed in Ireland, vol. 18.
---

1. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government.

2. An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves under Officers to be commissioned by His Majesty, for the Defence of this Kingdom during the present War.

3. An Act for granting for One Year, the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified, during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom, and His Majesty’s Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums, in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty’s Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner. herein mentioned, and for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for other Purposes.

5. An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

6. An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks, and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

7. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

8. An Act granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned, upon Hides and Skins, and Manufactures of Leather.

9. An Act for granting to His Majesty for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the fame during the said Term.

10. An Act to enable certain Inhabitants of the County of Armagh, who have been injured in their Persons or Properties, to recover Compensation for such Injuries by Presentment, notwithstanding the Time by Law prescribed for applying for such Presentments, be lapsed.

11. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

12. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within this Kingdom.

14. An Act to prevent the excessive Price of refined Sugar in this Kingdom.

15. An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom, and the United States of America.

16. An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

17. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to conduct the working of a Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow, and for securing the Profits thereof.

18. An Act to prevent Exactions upon the Sale of Salt.

19. An Act to explain and amend the Laws now in force, relating to the Militia of this Kingdom.

20. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

21. An Act to amend the Game Laws.

22. An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act to extend the Powers of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to enable the Corporation to build a Bridge across the River Anna Liffey, at Island-Bridge; and to enable the Corporation to borrow a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act to extend to Presentments exceeding Two Hundred Pounds, to be expended on Mail-Coach Roads, the Regulations of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the King, Entitled, An Act for the Regulation of Presentments for the Purpose of levying Money to be expended in erecting Court Houses, Gaols, and other expensive Buildings.

24. An Act for the further Advancement of Agriculture, and promoting a Ready Supply of Corn, for the City of Dublin, by extending the Export Bounties on Corn and Flour to the said City, and discontinuing all Inland, Canal, and Coast Bounties thereto.

25. An Act for the Relief of uncertificated Bankrupts.

26. An Act to prevent the forging of Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to prevent the obtaining of false Credit, and the committing of Frauds by the Imitation of Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

27. An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the national Debt, and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans, to the like Purpose.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Auctions, on certain Manufactures of Glass, and on paper Hangings; and for granting further Duties on the Importation of Corks, Glauber Salts, and Paper Hangings; and a further Duty on Licenses to keep Malt-Houses, and for securing the Duties granted on Hides and Skins, tanned with Shumack, and dressed in Oil; and for granting certain Sums out of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for Salaries to the Professors of Italian, French, German, and Spanish Languages, in Trinity-College, Dublin, and for granting certain Duties, and additional Duties to be levied by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties.

29. An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin, to Ratoath and Currngha, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Presentments.

30. An Act for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty’s Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to his Majesty’s Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned in the said Act, and continued thereby.
31. An Act for the more secure Importation during a limited Time, of the several Goods and Materials of Manufacture therein mentioned.

32. An Act for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service, of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for securing the Payment of the Interest thereof, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive from the Commissoners of the Treasury in England, the Sum therein mentioned, towards the said Loan, and for securing an Interest for the same, and to provide for the Discharge of the said Sum.

33. An Act for collecting and securing his Majesty’s Revenue upon Malt.

34. An Act for the better governing and managing the House of Industry, for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin.

35. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Amendment of publick Roads, for directing the Power of Grand Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for those Purposes with respect to Roads through Bogs.

36. An Act to prevent the vexatious impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage-Feasant, and for the more effectual preserving of Mears and Fences.

37. An Act for amending an Act passed in this Kingdom, in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for erecting Parochial Chapels of Ease, in Parishes of large Extent, and making such Chapels, and those that are already erected, perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Provision for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the same, and also in like Manner for making appropriate Parishes perpetual Cures.

38. An Act to explain an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act more effectually to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Disturbance of the Public Peace.

39. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom.

40. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

41. An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Husbandry, and other useful Arts.

42. An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

43. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted, or may omit, inadvertently, to pay certain Stamp Duties therein mentioned, on Deeds, or other Instrutnents, and for ascertaining the Duty payable on Hats imported into this Kingdom.

44. An Act for the Preservation of Estates belonging to Parishes.

45. An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

46. An Act to regulate the Trade of Rectifying of Spirits, and to subject Distillers to certain Regulations therein mentioned.

47. An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

48. An Act for the Relief of Confined Debtors, who may be Insolvent.

49. An Act for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors detained in Prison.

50. An Act for further extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act for establishing a Bank, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

51. An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited Time, the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March, One Thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments in Cash by the Bank.

52. An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon.

53. An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein mentioned, 564.

54. An Act to enable the Proprietors of Debentures issued by Government, to convert them into Stock, transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

55. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone Westward of the said Bridge.

56. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Improvement of the Post and Harbour of Dngheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of said Town.

57. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

58. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to Hackney and other Carriages, plying in the City of Dublin, its Suburbs and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereof.

59. An Act for granting to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin, the Sums therein mentioned, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to the Princess Royal, upon her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wirtemburgh.

61. An Act for the further Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

62. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Trustees therein named, in Trust for Sarah Hamilton, Widow of the Reverend Doctor William Hamilton, deceased, and for the Children of the said Sarah by the said William Hamilton.

63. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Trustees therein named, in Trust for Alicia Knipe, Widow of the Reverend George Knipe, deceased, and for the Children of the said George Knipe, namely, John, George, Frances and Anne.

