Table of Statutes passed in Ireland, 1799 39 George 3, c.1 - c.67.
From The Statutes at Large Passed in Ireland, vol. 19.
---

1. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

2. An act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

3. An act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Sixth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections prevailing in several Parts of this Kingdom.

4. An act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, An act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases; and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served or are serving in Foreign Armies; and for continuing another Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His pressent Majesty’s Reign, Entitled. An act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making and removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition without License; and also for continuing several Statutes therein recited, for more effectually suppressing insurrections and preventing the Disturbance of the public Peace.

5. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

7. An act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the Officers of his Majesty’s Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned; and for granting unto His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for other Purposes.

8. An act for granting For one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty’s Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

9. An act for the Division of the Barony of Idrone, in the County of Carlow.

10. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

11. An act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still unhappily exists within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects within the same.

12. An act for granting to His Majesty, for one Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the same during the said Term.

13. An act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this and the United States of America.

14. An act to enable all Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars and Curates, and Impropriators, and those deriving by, from, or under them, to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, against such Persons as were liable to the same.

15. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Dwelling Houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein respectively.

16. An act for the further Amendment of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Entitled, An act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary Way at the Sessions of the Peace at the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

17. An act for extending to the County of Waterford, the different Laws passed in this Kingdom for erecting, establishing, and regulating of Public Infirmaries or Hospitals.

18. An act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

19. An act for the Repairing of Cathedral Churches in Cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins.

20. An act to continue an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign. An act to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Male Servants, and to secure the Payment thereof, and for the better Collection of the Duties on Fire-Hearths and on Coaches and other Carriages.

21. An act to continue An act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and Securing the Duties payable thereon.

22. An act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, An act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

23. An act for granting additional Duties on Beer, Ale, and Spirits imported into this Kingdom.

24. An act to amend and continue an Act passed last Session of Parliament, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on Paper, printed, painted or stained in this.Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other Uses.

25. An act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England a Sum not exceeding the Sum therein mentioned, as a Loan, in Part of the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for securing the Interest and Charges thereon, and for raising by Loan a further Sum towards the said Supply, and to exempt from certain Duties such Persons as shall have paid such voluntary Contribution as therein mentioned.

26. An act to explain and amend the several Acts now in Being for the empowering the Commissioners of Barracks to provide Barracks and other Accommodations for His Majesty’s Troops within this Kingdom, and for the better enabling them to proceed in their Marches.

27. An act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

28. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An act for quieting Corporations.

29. An act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, An act for continuing and amending the several Acts for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom.

30. An act to further explain and amend the Laws now in Force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom.

31. An act for empowering His Majesty for a Time, and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain, or elsewhere in Europe.

32. An act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or Made Wines, Mead and Vinegar, and for securing the Collection thereof.

33. An act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eight Year of the Reign of His Majesty, Entitled, An act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown Rents, and other Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Years One thousand six hundred and forty-one, and One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of in such Manner and under such Provisions as are therein mentioned.

34. An act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for collecting and securing His Majesty’s Revenue upon Malt.

35. An act for granting to His Majesty the Duties and additional Duties on the Licenses therein mentioned.

36. An act to explain, amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled. An act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions, who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of the present Rebellion, and to prohibit them from passing into any Country at War with His Majesty.

37. An act the better to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of Gunpowder within this Kingdom.

38. An act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Entitled. An act to continue, for a limited Time, the Government and Management of the House of Industry, for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin, under the present acting Governors thereof, and also one other Act passed in the same Year, Entitled, An act for the better Management of the Work-House and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

39. An act for the better Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned and dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing of Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue therein.

40. An act for granting to His Majesty Duties on License to sell Spirituous Liquors and Meteglin, and for continuing the several Laws for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

41. An act to amend and continue an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties on home-made Spirits.

42. An act for granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned, on the several Kinds of Paper therein mentioned, imported into, and made in Ireland, and for amending and continuing an Act passed last Session of Parliament, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

43. An act for granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned on Goat Skins exported.

44. An act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted, or may omit inadvertently, to pay certain Stamp Duties therein mentioned, on Deeds or other Instruments.

45. An act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of Husbandry, and other useful Arts.

46. An act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Presentments.

47. An act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville, in the County of Cork, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to said Road.

48. An act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum.

49. An act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act for the more effectual Support of the Families of Militia Men.

50. An act to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, An act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Fifth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs, and other Officers, to make the Returns therein specified.

51. An act to revive and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act for the Protection and Improvement of the Inland Fisheries of this Kingdom.

52. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An act for improving and repairing the turnpike Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of Kilworth Mountain, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to the said Road.

53. An act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to His Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages in the City of Dublin, for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them.

54. An act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

55. An act to promote the Building of New Gaols.

56. An act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City; and also to amend one other Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City, and for remedying the Abuses committed by Pawnbrokers within the District of the Metropolis, or three Miles thereof.

57. An act for the Relief of Uncertified Bankrupts.

58. An act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Entitled. An act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty’s Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits.

59. An act to enable His Majesty’s Forces, under Orders Of March, to pass through Turnpikes and over Bridges, Toll free.

60. An act for the better Regulation of Stock Brokers.

61. An act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom.

62. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be issued with Respect to the Killing of Game.

63. An act for the more effectually preventing the forging of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, or any Acceptance, Asignment, or Indorsement thereof, or any Acquittance or Receipt for Money or Goods; and also for preventing the forging of the Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notes, and the Bills of Exchange of the said Governor and Company, called Bank Post Bills.

64. An act for raising the several Sums therein mentioned, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the Issue of so much thereof as hath been granted to defray the Expence of the regular and Militia Forces on the Establishment of Great Britain, employed in this Kingdom, and for defraying the Expence of defeating any Enterprise or Design of the common Enemy.

65. An act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into Losses of such of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects as have been Sufferers in their Property during the subsisting Rebellion in this Kingdom, and for providing a Fund for rewarding in Manner therein Persons who have rendered Service by Discoveries of Traitors.

66. An act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty’s Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein.

67. An act to amend an Act passed, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same.

