Table of Statutes passed in Ireland, 1800 40 George 3, c.1 - c.100.
From The Statutes at Large Passed in Ireland, vol. 20.
---

I. An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia under certain Restrictions, and for amending the Law relative to the Militia of Ireland.

II. An Act to revive, with Amendments, an Act passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still unhappily exists within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

III. An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest and Charges upon the principal Sums therein provided for, and towards Discharge of such principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of his Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein-mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, and for other Purposes.

IV. An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

V. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

VI. An Act to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

VII. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

VIII. An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

IX. An Act for the better Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned and dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue therein.

X. An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

XI. An Act to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom.

XII. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

XIII. An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

XIV. An Act for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers in and Sellers of such Wines on the twenty-fifth of March, One thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain Duties of Excise thereon, and for granting to his Majesty a further Duty on Rum imported, and certain Duties on the Exportation of certain Goods to the British Plantations in America and the West Indies, in Lieu of all other Duties.

XV. An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served, or are serving in Foreign Armies, and for continuing another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making and removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without License.

XVI. An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

XVII. An Act to continue an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

XVIII. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government. ibid.

XIX. An Act, to enact that Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of England in the Eighth Year of Richard the Second, shall not continue to be of Force in this Kingdom, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

XXI. An Act for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts.

XXII. An Act for the Relief of Bankers who have stopped, or who shall stop Payment, and who have or shall conform to the Directions of the Act of Parliament of the thirty-third of George the Second, called the Banker’s Act.

XXIII. An Act to quiet and bar all Claims of Tythe Agistment for dry and barren Cattle.

XXIV. An Act for more effectually preventing the burning of Land. ibid.

XXV. An Act for granting an additional Duty on refined Sugars imported into this Kingdom.

XXVI. An Act to enable the Barrack-Master-General to carry into Execution an Agreement lately made with the Trustees of the Ulster White Linen Hall, near Newry, for the Sale of their Interest therein, and for vesting the same in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XXVII. An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland.

XXVIII. An Act for amending an Act passed this Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to prohibit the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom.

XXIX. An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament.

XXX. An Act further to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imported at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same, and also to repeal and amend Part of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same.

XXXI. An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland; and for granting to the said Society the further Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned.

XXXII. An Act for the better governing and managing the Infirmary of the County of Clare.

XXXIII. An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

XXXIV. An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in Respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall cease to send any Member to Parliament after the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in Value.

XXXV. An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estates, situate in the Counties of Meath and Longford, which belonged to Thomas Charleton, late of Curratown, in the County of Meath, Esq. deceased, and for making them a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the charitable Purposes and Intentions of the Will of the said Thomas Charleton, and for other Purposes.

XXXVI. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore passed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth, called and known by the Name of Old Drapery.

XXXVII. An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, and improving the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages within the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, and for removing and preventing all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and also for establishing and maintaining a nightly Watch throughout the said Town and Precincts thereof, and for other Purposes.

XXXVIII. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXIX. An Act for the more speedy Correction of Erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law in this Kingdom.

XL. An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the House of Industry, established for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin.

XLI. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Lough Foyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to said City.

XLII. An Act for the Relief of confined Debtors who may be insolvent.

XLIII. An Act for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this Act.

XLIV. An Act to prevent Persons from returning to his Majesty's Dominions who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of Rebellion.

XLV. An Act for granting to his Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign Wines in his Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of Dealers in, or Retailers of Wine, at the Time therein mentioned, and for granting further Duties on Spirits distillled, and on Sweets or made Wines made in Ireland. 611.

XLVI. An Act for amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for confirming the several Grants made by her late Majesty of the First Fruits and Twentieth Parts, payable out of the Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom, and also for giving the Archbishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons Four Years Time for the Payment of First Fruits, and for incorporating the Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits.

XLVII. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two several Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and the other Act passed in the Thirty second Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious.

XLVIII. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for amending the Road from Dublin to Knocksedan, in the County of Dublin.

XLIX. An Act to amend and continue two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property during the late Rebellion, and the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and for authorising the Payment of Sums therein mentioned to Persons who have suffered in their Persons, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who lost their Lives in said Rebellion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in discovering the late Rebellion, and been exposed to Danger, or sustained Injury in Consequence thereof.

L. An Act for granting certain Annuities to the Officers and Attendants of both Houses of Parliament, whose Offices and Attendance shall cease after the Union, or whose Offices shall be diminished in Value thereby.

LI. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorising the raising of the said Sum by Loan.

LII. An Act to regulate the Collection of the Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in Respect of Fire Hearths, Coaches and other Carriages, and of Male Servants, and on Dwelling-houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein respectively, and to secure the due Payment thereof.

LIII. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Annuities to the Right Honourable John Monck Mason, and to the Earls of Athlone and Roscommon, and to the Lord Baron Aylmer, in Manner therein mentioned.

LIV. An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Reer, Cider, and spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of spirituous Liquors.

LV. An Act to encourage the Dillillation of Spirits from Sugar for a limited Time.

LVI. An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits; and one other Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue by Reftifiers of Spirits.

LVII. An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for collecting and securing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malt.

LVIII. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, one Entitled, An Act to prohibit the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and the other for amending the said Act.

LIX. An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

LX. An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Supply out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied to the Purposes therein mentioned, and for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned.

LXI. An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets and Passages in the City of Dublin, and for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them.

LXII. An Act for amending and making perpetual the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the District of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers.

LXIII. An Act for the better Regulation of, and securing the Duties payable on Licenses to Persons engaged in the several Trades therein mentioned, and to Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Duties on playing Cards, and for securing the Expences of distraining for the King’s Rents, and for other Purposes.

LXIV. An Act to continue and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, passed in the last Session of Parliament.

LXV. An Act for incorporating the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin.

LXVI. An Act for incorporating the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion.

LXVII. An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

LXVIII. An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in, or Retailers of such Goods.

LXIX. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and Assisstant Barristers of the several other Counties, on the Resignation of their respective Offices, and to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty,

Entitled, An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom.

LXX. An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, which have been growing due for Twenty Years before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the Terms and in Manner therein mentioned.

LXXI. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirty- seventh Year of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to prevent vexatious impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage Feasant, and for the effectual preserving of Meares and Fences.

LXXII. An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, in the Courts of King’s bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, during Term, and in the Sittings after Term.

LXXIII. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, as impedes an additional Rate or Tax of two Shillings for each Foot of Ground, Part of the South Lots on the Front of Sir John Rugerson’s Quay, in said Act specified.

LXXIV. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws now in Force for making and keeping in Repair a Circular Road round the City of Dublin.

LXXV. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty, King George the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better Discovery of charitable Donations and Bequests.

LXXVI. An Act for amending and continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

LXXVII. An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable, upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

LXXVIII. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom.

LXXIX. An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform, their Quarantine, and to prevent the Plague and other infectious Distempers being brought into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of Infection.

LXXX. An Act to explain, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, and to explain.and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of said Reign, Entitled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

LXXXI. An Act to enable all Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates, and impropriators, and those deriving by, from, or under them, to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, against such Persons as were liable to the same.

LXXXII. An Act for the further Encouragement of building and improving on Glebe Lands.

LXXXIII. An Act to facilltate the building and re-building of Churches and Chapels.

LXXXIV. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom; and also for repealing an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom, and also for extending and enlarging the Powers of the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physicians, and establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom.

LXXXV. An Act for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynooth, for the Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Laws now in Force respecting the said Seminary.

LXXXVI. An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and Securing the Duties payable thereon.

LXXXVII. An Act to continue and amend two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions and on Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings, and other Uses.

LXXXVIII. An Act to amend an Act for Repair of the public Roads, and to revive and explain an Act for holding Vestries in the Province of Ulster, and for empowering the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, to reduce the Expence of the Police Establishment.

LXXXIX. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Returns therein specified.

XC. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Cotton Manufacture, by enabling Tenants for Life to make Leases for Scites of Mills.

XCI. An Act to empower the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Militia of this Kingdom to continue in the Service such Men as shall be entitled to their Discharge before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and as shall be willing to re-enlist before their Time of Service shall expire.

XCII. An Act for amending an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland.

XCIII. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road commonly called or known by the Name of the Military Road, beginning at the County and City Court-Houses in the City of Waterford, and leading from thence to the Town of Tallagh, in the County of Waterford, through the Towns of Kilmacthomas, Cappoquin and Lismore, and from Tallagh aforesaid, to the Bounds of the County of Cork.

XCIV. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and reduce into one Act, the several Laws for making, improving, and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen-Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone Westward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Act for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork.

XCV. An Act to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into one Act, the several Laws for making, repairing, or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the Town of Maryborough to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh to O’Brien’s-Bridge, and to enable Grand Juries to present Sums to recompence the Proprietors through whose Lands new Lines of Road have been run.

XCVI. An Act to revive, amend, continue, or make perpetual certain Temporary Statutes.

XCVII. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the Commons, Commonable, and Waste Lands of Dromiskin, within the Parish of Dromiskin, in the County of Louth.

XCVIII. An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from Tubber, near the Bounds of the Counties of Clare and Galway, to Ennis, in the County of Clare, and from thence to Thomond-Gate, in the County of the City of Limerick.

XCIX. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, for establishing a nightly Watch in said Town, for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof.

C. An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said City in the other Matters therein mentioned, and in Respect to Lighters and Vessels plying for Hire, and also respecting Sedan Chairs, Coaches, and Chaises plying for Hire, within the City and Liberties of the City of Cork.

