THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND:

FROM

The Third Year of Edward the Second, A.D. 1310.

TO THE

Thirty-eighth Year of George the Third, A.D. 1798, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. M dcc lxxxvi.

THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XVIII.

CONTAINING

All the Statutes that have passed from the Thirty-seventh Year of George the Third, to the Thirty-eighth Year, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. M dcc xcviii.

THE

CONTENTS

OF THE

EIGHTEENTH VOLUME.

The Thirty-seventh Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

AN Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government. Page 1.

CHAP. II.

An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves under Officers to be commissioned by His Majesty, for the Defence of this Kingdom during the present War. 2

CHAP. III.

An Act for granting for One Year, the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified, during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom, and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Page 6

CHAP. IV.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums, in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner. herein mentioned, and for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for other Purposes. 77

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom. 93

CHAP. VI.

An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks, and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar. 98

CHAP. VII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. Page 98

CHAP. VIII.

An Act granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned, upon Hides and Skins, and Manufactures of Leather. 102

CHAP. IX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the fame during the said Term. 114

CHAP. X.

An Act to enable certain Inhabitants of the County of Armagh, who have been injured in their Persons or Properties, to recover Compensation for such Injuries by Presentment, notwithstanding the Time by Law prescribed for applying for such Presentments, be lapsed. 117

CHAP. XI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom. 119

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. Page 127

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within this Kingdom. 162

CHAP. XIV.

An Act to prevent the excessive Price of refined Sugar in this Kingdom. 183

CHAP. XV.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom, and the United States of America. Ibid.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits. 184

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to conduct the working of a Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow, and for securing the Profits thereof. Page 211

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act to prevent Exactions upon the Sale of Salt. 213

CHAP. XIX.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws now in force, relating to the Militia of this Kingdom. 215

CHAP. XX.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace. 234

CHAP. XXI.

An Act to amend the Game Laws. 237

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to extend the Powers of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to enable the Corporation to build a Bridge across the River Anna Liffey, at Island- Bridge; and to enable the Corporation to borrow a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned. 238

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to extend to Presentments exceeding Two Hundred Pounds, to be expended on Mail-Coach Roads, the Regulations of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the King, Entitled, An Act for the Regulation of Presentments for the Purpose of levying Money to be expended in erecting Court Houses, Gaols, and other expensive Buildings. Page 241

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for the further Advancement of Agriculture, and promoting a Ready Supply of Corn, for the City of Dublin, by extending the Export Bounties on Corn and Flour to the said City, and discontinuing all Inland, Canal, and Coast Bounties thereto. 242

CHAP. XXV.

An Act for the Relief of uncertificated Bankrupts. 247

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to prevent the forging of Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to prevent the obtaining of false Credit, and the committing of Frauds by the Imitation of Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company. 248

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the national Debt, and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans, to the like Purpose. 251

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Auctions, on certain Manufactures of Glass, and on paper Hangings; and for granting further Duties on the Importation of Corks, Glauber Salts, and Paper Hangings; and a further Duty on Licenses to keep Malt-Houses, and for securing the Duties granted on Hides and Skins, tanned with Shumack, and dressed in Oil; and for granting certain Sums out of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for Salaries to the Professors of Italian, French, German, and Spanish Languages, in Trinity-College, Dublin, and for granting certain Duties, and additional Duties to be levied by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties. Page 261

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin, to Ratoath and Currngha, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Presentments. 279

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned in the said Act, and continued thereby. 303

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for the more secure Importation during a limited Time, of the several Goods and Materials of Manufacture therein mentioned. Page 400

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service, of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for securing the Payment of the Interest thereof, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England, the Sum therein mentioned, towards the said Loan, and for securing an Interest for the same, and to provide for the Discharge of the said Sum. 402

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for collecting and securing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malt. 410

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the better governing and managing the House of Industry, for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin. 433

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Amendment of publick Roads, for directing the Power of Grand Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for those Purposes with respect to Roads through Bogs. 434

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to prevent the vexatious impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage-Feasant, and for the more effectual preserving of Shears and Fences. Page 435

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for amending an Act passed in this Kingdom, in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for erecting Parochial Chapels of Ease, in Parishes of large Extent, and making such Chapels, and those that are already erected, perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Provision for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the same, and also in like Manner for making appropriate Parishes perpetual Cures. 439

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to explain an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act more effectually to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Disturbance of the Public Peace. 440

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom. 442

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. Page 443

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Husbandry, and other useful Arts. 445

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco. 446

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted, or may omit, inadvertently, to pay certain Stamp Duties therein mentioned, on Deeds, or other Instruments, and for ascertaining the Duty payable on Hats imported into this Kingdom. 480

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Preservation of Estates belonging to Parishes. 482

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors. Page 485

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Rectifying of Spirits, and to subject Distillers to certain Regulations therein mentioned. 506

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 518

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the Relief of Confined Debtors, who may be Insolvent. 524

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors detained in Prison. 536

CHAP. L.

An Act for further extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for establishing a Bank, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. 545

CHAP. LI.

An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited Time, the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March, One Thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments in Cash by the Bank. Page 551

CHAP. LII.

An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon. 556

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein mentioned, 564.

CHAP. LIV.

An Act to enable the Proprietors of Debentures issued by Government, to convert them into Stock, transferable at the Bank of Ireland. 571

CHAP. LV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone Westward of the said Bridge. 577

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Improvement of the Post and Harbour of Dngheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of said Town. Page 579

CHAP. LVII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law. 582

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to Hackney and other Carriages, plying in the City of Dublin, its Suburbs and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereof. 583

CHAP. LIX.

An Act for granting to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin, the Sums therein mentioned, for the Purposes therein mentioned. 607

CHAP. LX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to the Princess Royal, upon her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wirtemburgh. 608

CHAP. LXI.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures. Page 610

CHAP. LXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Trustees therein named, in Trust for Sarah Hamilton, Widow of the Reverend Doctor William Hamilton, deceased, and for the Children of the said Sarah by the said William Hamilton. 614

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Trustees therein named, in Trust for Alicia Knipe, Widow of the Reverend George Knipe, deceased, and for the Children of the said George Knipe, namely, John, George, Frances and Anne. 615

The Thirty-eighth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. 619

CHAP. II.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of quo warranto. Page 623

CHAP. III.

---

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Amendment of Publick. Roads,- for directing the Power of Grand Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for those Purposes, as relates to the accounting for Publick Money in the County of Tyrone. 625

CHAP. IV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Portugal Salt into this Kingdom, in neutral Vessels, for a Time therein limited. 626

CHAP. V.

An Act for granting for One Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 627

CHAP. VI.

’An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties, on the Exportation of certain;Manufactures, of this Kingdom.

Page 703

CHAP. VII.

'An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitledy An Act to secure the Liberty of the Pre.fs, by preventing the Abuses.arifxng from the Publication of traitorous, seditious, false, and slanderous ;Libe|s, by I'ersons unknown. 707

CHAP. VIII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty’s. Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to reduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, ,or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. 7/5

CHAP. IXy

An Act for granting to His Majesty for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on. Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the fame during the Paid Term.

! ibid.

CHAP.

of the Eighteenth Volume.

XVII

CHAP. x.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling tire Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for other Purposes. Page 719

CHAP. XL

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt. 742

CHAP. XII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon. ibid.

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entithd, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America. 743

CONTENTS

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-fc-venth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain j such Persons as he or they shall ful'pect for conspiring againstHis Majesty's Person and Government.

Page 743

:CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting to Idis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom. 744

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for estabishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cales, and Subjects of this Kingdom who have served, or are serving in Foreign Annies; and for continuing another Act passed in the Thirty-frxth Year of His present Majesty, Enti led, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and A mmunition into this Kingdom, and making, removing, felling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition without License. 752

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to receive Voluntary Contributions of his Subjects, for the Defence of this Kingdom. 753

of the Eighteenth Volume.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties,

Page. 754

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Third Day of July, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Preservation of the Publick Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom. 790

CHAP. XX.

An Act to shorten the Time now required forgiving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet, and be holden for the Dispatch of Business, and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament, in Case of a Demise of the Crown. 791

CHAP. XXI.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Untitled, An Act more effectually to fopprefs Insurrections, and prevent the Disturbance of the publick Peace; and also, an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitl’d, An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Thiity-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act more effectually to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Distubance of the public Peace.

793

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road, ’leading from the City of Cork, to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the Foot of'.Kilworth'Mountain, and for repealing the federal Laws heretofore.made, relating to the said Road.

Tage 796

CHAP. X'XIII.

/An Act granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned, upon Hides and Skins tanned, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and upon Vellum and Parchment, ..and.upon Manufactures of Leather, 819

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act to secure the Collediori of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other Uses; and to prevent Frauds therein. 83 3

<CHAP. XXV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in die Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient Admin i-stration of Ju(' ice, and for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary Way, at the Sessions of the Peace, of the several Counties at large, -within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace, within Counties at large. 855

of the Eighteenth Volume.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to empower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for the County of Dublin, and for the County of the City of Dublin, to continue to hold a Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, begun to be holden before the EH'oign Day of Term, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Court of ICing’s-Bench, in either of the said Counties, and to enable all Judges of Assize, and Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, to order Persons in Execution, to attend before them as Witnesses. Page 859

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 860

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend the Mail-Coach Road, leading from Bann- Bridge to Belfast. 88x

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. ’ 885

CHAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to entitle His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to the Princess Royal, upon her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wirtcm-burgh. 905

xxii CONTENTS

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for amending the Road from Dublin to Knockfe-' dan, in the,"County of Dublin. Page 907

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for raising by Loan, as a Supply to His Majesty, the' Sum therein mentioned, for the Purposes therein mentioned. 929

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising by Loan, a Sum not exceeding Two Hundred Thousand and Eighty Pounds, in Part of the - Sum of Two Million Three Hundred and Sixty-lix Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, ;authorized to be raised by . Lo.au, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for other Purposes. 932

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue for a limited Time, the Government and Management of the House of Industry, for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin, under the present acting Governors thereof. 935

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for the-better Management of the Work-house and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 936

2

CHAP.

of the Eighteenth Volume.

XXIII

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for securing the Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons, by excluding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown, to be hereafter created, or holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Pensions for Terms of Years, or during His Majesty's Pleasure. Page 939

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act to make Provisions for Quartering such Foreign Troops as His Majesty may think proper to employ in this Kingdom, for the Defence thereof. 940

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to enable Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, in and for the County, and County of the City of Dublin, to commence, hold, and continue their Sessions during the Term. ibid.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Amount, and securing the Payment of the Bills of Costs of Proctors, employed in carrying on, and defending Suits and transacting Business in the High Court of Admiralty, in His Majesty's Court of Prerogative, in the Court of Delegates, and in all Ecclesiastical Courts within the Kingdom of Ireland. 941

CONTENTS

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the better enabling certain Persons to open and-work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals, and Foffils in this Kingdom, and for working and manufacturing the fame. Page 943

CHAP. XLI.

An Act -for granting certain Tolls, Rates, and Duties, to be taken at the Turnpikes, on the Roads leading over Ballybough and Annesley Bridges, in Aid of the Barony Preferments, and in Lieu of the Tolls formerly payable at such Turnpikes, and for amending the Laws for making, widening, and repairing the said Roads, and for making perpetual the several Acts of Parliament relating thereto, 935

CHAP. XLII.

'An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, and to prevent the excCffive Price of Refined Sugar in this Kingdom.

962

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Fire ’ Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of HuC-. bandry, and other useful Arts., 963

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend the Laws for promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures. 964

of the Eighteenth Volume.

CHAP. XLV.

An Act. to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Male Servants, and to secure the Payment thereof, and for the better Collection of the Duties on Fire-Hearths, and on Coaches and other Carriages. Page 965

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for the Government of the Militia of Great Britain, serving in this Kingdom, during their Continuance therein. 975

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for the further Amendment of the Acts relating to the Poll-Office, and for further facilitating Prosecutions under the said Acts. 9.76

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act for preventing the Delation of Seamen from Ships trading; between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies and' Plantations in the West Indies. 981

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, Dublin, and other Persons therein named, to grant certain Grounds in the City of Dublin, to the Society of King’s Inns, Dublin. 990

6

CHAP.

XXVI

G O N TENTS

CHAP. L.

An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from’Forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the fame. Page 993

CHAP. LI.

An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for fe- . curing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits, rood

CHAP. LII.

An Act' to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue, by Rectifiers of Spirits. 1036

CHAP. LII I.

‘An Act for the more effectually preventing the forging of the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the Circulation of forged Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company.

1046

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Royal Canal Company. 1050

of the Eighteenth Volume.

xwu

CHAP. LV.

An Act for the King’s Most Gracious, General and Free Pardon. Page 1054

CHAP. LVI.

An Act for the better Regulation and Examination of Publick Accounts. 1059

CHAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to make conspiring to Murder, Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

1065

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act to enable-the Commissioners of the Treasuryin Ireland, to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in- England, the Sum therein mentioned, as a Loan, in Part of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and for securing the 'Interest and Charges thereon, and on a Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, Britishi Currency, therein mentioned. 1066

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Property in the Service of Persons transported from this Kingdom.

1069

CHAP. LX.

An Act for quieting Corporations.

1070

xxviii CONTENTS

CHAP. LXI.

An Act for better enforcing the Execution of the Act made for the Trial of controverted Elections of Member.s to serve in Parliament, by disqualifying certain Persons who have endeavoured to obstruct the due Execution thereof, from voting at any Election hereafter.

Page 1071

CHAP. I.XII.

An Act to further explain and amend the Laws now in Force, relating to the Militia of this Kingdom. 107a

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entithd, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Ma-nufacture of Tobacco. 1078

CHAP. LXIV.

An Act to authorize the iil’uing and Payment of the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, granted as a further Supply to the Foundling Hofuital and Work-house in the City of Dublin. 107 >j

CHAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the Chief Governor of this Kingdom to appoint one of His Majesty's Counsel learned in the Law, to be Chairman of the Session of the Peace in the County of Dublin, during good Behaviour. ibid.

CHAP.

of the Eighteenth Volume-. xxix.

CHAP; LXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity of One Thousand r ix Hundred Pounds per Annum, to Robert Boyd, for his Services as a Judge. Page jo8o

CHAP. LXVII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein mentioned; 10,81

CHAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of His Majesty's Loyal Subjects, as have been Sufferers in their Property during the subsisting Rebellion in this Kingdom. 1082

CHAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity for the Life of His Serene Highness. the Prince.of Mecklc.n-

buvgh Strelitz, Nephew to the Queen. 1005

CHAP. LXX.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam, Viscount Duncan, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount. Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent. Service performed by the said Adam, Viscount Duncan, to His Majesty and the Public. 1087

h CHAP.

XXX CONTENTS

CHAP. LXXI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John, Earl Saint Vincent, and the two next Persons to whom the Title <jtf Earl Saint Vincent {Hall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John, Earl Saint Vincent, to His Majesty and the Public, Page 1090

CHAP. L'XXIL

An Act for the' Sale of His MajestyY Quit-Rents, Crown and other; Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Years One thousand six hundred and forty-one, and One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of, in such Manner and under ;:such. Proyiftons as are therein mentioned* .1093

CC.H A.P. LXXIII.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, -passed last Session of-Parliament, Entitled, An Act for regulating the issuing. of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer,

Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by, Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Ule of SpirituousTiquors, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties, therein mentioned. ,1.101

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have -acted -lincc the First Day of‘November, One -thousand seven hundred and -ninety-seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of InCurreftions prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom. 1108

4

CHAP.

of the Eighteenth Volume, xxxi

CHAP. LXXV.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act made in die Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, En'iiLd, An Act for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty s Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled,\ An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned in the said Act, and continued thereby. Page 1109

CHAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law. 1123

CHAP. LXXVII-

An Act for the Attainder of Edward Fitzgerald, commonly called Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and BeauchampBagenal Harvey, deceased, of High Treason. x 125

CHAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions, who have been, or shall be transported, banished, or exiled, on Account of the present Rebellion, and to prohibit them from passing into any Country at War with His Majesty. 1 x 29

h 2

CHAP.

XXXII

CONTENTS

CHAP. LXXIX.

An Act to authorize the issuing of Treasury Bills to the Amount therein mentioned, to the Company of the Grand Canal, to carry on the Navigation to the Shannon, and to authorize the issuing of Debentures to the Amount tiicrein mentioned, to enable the Company of the Royal Canal to proceed in carrying on the said Canal.

Page 1135

:CHAP. LXXX.

An Act to compel certain Persons who have been engaged-in the late Rebellion which hath broken out in this Kingdom, to surrender themselves, and abide their Trials respectively, within a limited Time, on Pain of being attainted of High Treason. 113b

CHAP. LXXXI.

An Act for authorising the Payment of the Sums therein mentioned, granted for defraying the Expence of Reprinting the Journals of the House of Commons, and making Indexes thereto. 114c

CHAP. LXXXII.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, Entiled, An Act more effectually to suppress Insurrcftions, and prevent the Dillurbance of the Public Peace. ibid.

of the Eighteenth Volume; xxxiii

CHAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to explain and reduce into one Act, the several Laws for making, improving and repairing the Turn-pike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcul-len- Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone Westward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Act for repair- ing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork. Page 1145

1

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES.

The Thirty-seventh Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for corfpiring agairfl His Majestys Person and Government.

WHEREAS a traiterous and detestable conspiracy has been A.D.

formed for subverting the existing laws and constitution; 1797-

therefore for the better preservation of his Majesty's sacred person, ^reambl^ and for securing the peace, the laws, and liberties of this kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s mast ex:ellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person or persons that is, are, or shall be persons in in prison within the kingdom of Ireland, at or upon the day upon which this act shall receive his M i-.-lVv’s royal assent, or after by &c. when this

’ 4 t ggtS [llC

warrant of his Majesty's most honourable privy council of this king- r0Jal ailent, dom, signed by fix of the said privy council, for high treason, fufpi-or after' bf Vox. XVIII. A cion

2

"The thiriy-seventh Year of Ceoi'ge III.

A.D.

cion of high treason, or treasonable jiradlicos, o: by warrant sign-1797- ctl by the lord lieutenant or chief secret.uy, for such canfes, as warrant of aforesaid, may be detained in safe custody without hail or main-wofiwlT11’ Pr‘zc> unt'l ^he first day of August, one thculand seven hundred lieut. or chief and ninety-seven, and until the end of the then next session of parliament; and that no judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons Jo committed, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of said privy council, until the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the end of the then next fef-iion of parliament, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That -nothing in this tendw'privi aA, shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient rights

fee. may be detained until 1st Aug.

1797, and end of next session; such persons not to be bailed, &c. without an order from privy council, signed by fix.

lege of parliament, or imprisonment, of members of either house, without content of haute.

and privileges of parliament, or to the imprisonment or detaining of any member of either house of parliament during the litting.of such parliament, until the matter of which lie Hands fu [petted be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.

CHAP. II.

An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves under Officers to be commissmted by His Majesty, for the Defence of this Kingdom during the present War.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS further exertions are now become neccfliiry for the defence of this kingdom, and for the preservation and security of the lives and properties of his Majesty's subjects therein: be it.enatted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice.and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, p k and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the rolled under authority -of the fame, That.if any of his Majesty's loyal subjects in ndffioned°by l^s kingdom, shall have voluntarily.affbeiated and-enrolled them-d^'n^tif^’ ^ves> or hereafter voluntarily associate and enroll them-war. for the selves in troops or companies during the continuance of the present Iwefn'shall war, under officershaving commissions from his Majesty, or from

receive eluth- the chief eovernor or governors of this kingdom, duly authorized ing, arms, 0 0 , 0

sunUfcou- thereto by Ins Majesty, for the protection of property, and.pre-rrements, fcrvation of the peace within the barony, city, or town wherein the place of first assembling shall be appointed in such commission,

Tbs thirty-fevsnth Year of George III. 3

and within every barony, city, or town immediately adjoining A.D. thereto, every serjeant, trumpeter, drummer, and private therein, x797

shall be intitled to receive such clothing, arms, and accoutrements, or allowances in lieu thereof, and also such pay, in such manner allbpy for and at such rate, as his Majesty, or the chief governor or go- day to the vernors of this kingdom shall appoint, for every day, not exceeding two days in each week that he shall actually assemble and attend by order of his commanding officer for the purpose of being disciplined, and exeroifed.

II. And be it further enacted, That one fericant, and one trum- Daily pay,

1 r 1 a 11 1 "1 fclJca"t

peter or drummer m every such troop or company, shall be en- and i i.um-

titled to receive permanent or daily pay, to be appointed in drummer like manner, during the continuance of such troop or company.

III. And be it further enacted, That neither such enrolment Suchpcr-nor the receiving of pay, or allowances as aforesaid, shall subject jcAtaprorit. any person so enrolled, or receiving pay, to military discipline or

duty, or to the provisions of any act: for punishing mutiny and desertion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it the officer commanding Pctt,m wi-.-any such troop or company as aforesaid, shall discharge from such

troop or company any person; or if any person shall withdraw :‘i; '-c from such troop or company, who shall have been enrolled as diiiiugeder aforesaid, and if such person shall refuse or neglect, on being required by such commanding officer to deliver up any arms, ac- "lni,":<1 to coutrements, or clothing, which shall have been entrusted to his custody, every person so refusing or neglecting, shall, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county within which such troop or company shall have been formed, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whole goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of such sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, city, or plaGe where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding six months; the monies arising by such penalty, to be applied by the commanding officer to Teplace such arms, accoutrements, or clothing, and the overplus -(if any) to form a stock-purfc for the life of such troop or company.

4

A. B;

1797-Chap. 2.

k/W

If troops, or companies, in c af« of invasion, &c. offer to serve as military corps, and sign their names, they shall be entitled to full pay, and during such time, subject to military difei-pline.

Courts-.martinl to be composed of officers serving in such corps only.

Dibbled

'officers entitled to hall-pay, and privates, &c. to Kilmainham; pcnsion to widows of ollicers killed.

l’crfons so cnrollul, nut obliged to serve in militia, on pro* ducing affida it, and certificate, its herein.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such troop or company shall, in case of invasion, rebellion, or insurrection, or the apprehension thereof, voluntarily offer to act as a military corps, and 'to do duty as such, or to march wherever it shall be ordered, within this kingdom, during the continuance of fudi invasion, rebellion, or insurrection, or the apprehension thereof, every person therein, who shall testify such his offer, by putting his name thereto, shall, upon such offer being accepted by his Majesty, or the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, be entitled, if a commissioned officer, to receive the same pay as officers of like rank receive in his Majesty's regular forces, and if a serjeant, trumpeter, drummer, or private, the fame pay daily as on the days of exercise, and each be subject, while he shall be so entitled, and at no other time, nor on any other ground or pretence to the like military discipline as his Majesty's regular and militia forces during the time he shall have so offered for, and no longer.

VI. Provided always, That no officer or soldier of any such corps, shall be liable to be tried by any court-martial, Ullless such court-martial be composed entirely of officers serving in corps formed as aforesaid, such courts-martial to be assembled by warrant from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or by warrant from (nine general or other officer duly authorized to order courts-martial to be holden.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all commissioned officers of such troops or companies, who shall be disabled in actual service, shall be entitled to half-pay, and all non-commissioned officers, privates, trumpeters, and drummers, to the benefit of the Royal Hospital at KilmVinham, and the widows of commissioned officers killed in the service, to such pension for life, as is usually given to the widows of officers of like rank in his Majesty's regular forces.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no person who shall be enrolled in any such troop or company, as aforesaid, shall during the time he is serving in such corps, be liable to lerve personally, or to provide a substitute to serve in the militia, provided he shall produce to the deputy governors assembled at a fub-division meeting, an affidavit of his being enrolled as aforesaid, and a certificate signed by his commanding officer, that he has for the spaje of six weeks immediately preceding such divisional meeting, punctually attended at all such times and places as may have been appointed for the exercise thereof, unless prevented therefrom by lick— I ness,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

ness, which sickness shall he stated ill such certificate, and verified by oath.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall have entered into any such troop or company before the passing ol this act, shall within ten days after the passing thereof, or at Inch other near and convenient time as shall he appointed by his commanding officer, and every other person who shall hereafter enroll himself in any such troop or company, shall at the time he shall cm oil himself, take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation of allegiance.

I do fmccrely promise and /wear, or affirm,

that Twill he faithful, and bear true allegiance to his Majesty king George the third, and that / will faithfully support and maintain the laws and confutation of this kingdom, and the fucnfjh.n to the throne in his Majesty's illiflrious huufe.

So help me God.

Every which oath any magistrate is hereby empowered to adaii-nifter, and the commanding officer shall transmit the same to his ter oaths, Majesty's war-office without delay, to he enrolled from thence in be'sali^ro his Majesty's court of chancery. war-office,

J ' J and enrolled

X. And be it further enacted, That if any officer shall admit in chancny. or retain in his troop or company, any person who shall neglect to

take and subscribe the fame, or who upon being required thereto rcfrlj."'"1,0 by him, shall reftife to take and subscribe it, he shall upon due takeand sub-conviittion thereof in any court of record, be fined for every such offence in the linn of five hundred pounds, one-half thereof to be 300l. iom-

lornicr and

paid to the informer, and the other half to the irealurer of the in- infirmary,

firmary of the county, town, or city, in which his troop or company shall be appointed to assemble, for the life of such infirmary.

XI. And be it enacted, Thai no constable or peace-officer ap- Peace olii-

pointed, or paid in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-seventh y"’"< r

year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better

cxi cation of the law, and fnfrvaiion if the peace within counties at large, shall be admiilible into any such troop or company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue to I" force

end of w.tr.

the end of the present war, and no longer.

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. III.

An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the fud Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty s Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6

A.D. 1797.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, having a just sense of your royal care of all your subjects, and well knowing that the fccurky and prosperity of this realm depend upon the support of your Majesty's government} most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,' tint three thousand two hundred and thirty-four men, officers and non-commissioned officers included, over and above twelve thousand effective men, which are* necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for Its defence, be maintained for one year from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive.

II. And whereas it is necessary to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions and determined resolution, signified to us-by his excellency lord viscount Townfficnd, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by yout Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the neteflary defence of the fame, twelve thousand cfleclive men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, at all times, unless in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: And whereas it may be expedient in the present situation of affairs, that a further number of men not exceeding filteen thousand six hundred and sixty-seven men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, be maintained for the internal defence of this kingdom, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the first day-of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive; and that a further number of men, not exceeding ten thousand men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, to be forthwith Taised, be maintained for the defence of this kingdom, from the thirty-first day of Match, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to serve in the line, or in England, Scotland, AVales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, so as tlut the forces on the clbblishment of this kingdom may amount to foity thousand nine hundred jmd oneefledVive men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included: in order to enable your majesty to carry the said purposes into execution, ami to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, it will be necessary to giant the several duties herein after mentioned; be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight inclusive, and no longer, there shall be 5 throughout

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs ami lucceflbts, upon the fevetal goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned and set forth in the several schedules or tables marked A.D. C, hereunto annexed, which shall he imported into this kingdom ^nflp 3* during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the fame arc respectively ildcribed and set forth in figures in the said schedules or tables marked, A, 15, C, and that there shall also be granted and paid to your M.ijolly, your heirs and fucecflbis, during the time aforesaid, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned and set forth in the fehcdule marked D, hereunto also annexed, not being comprized in the Uid schedules A, 15, C, and which shall he imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, tie ftvcral duties, as the fane are respectively ..described and set forth in the said felicdule or table marked O, and that there shall ’-bb also granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and ^hfhcceflors, during the time aforesaid, upon every packet, hex, bottle, phial, or other enclosure contuini ig any powders, pafles, balls, balsams, ointments, oils,

waters, waflies, tinctures, cfiences, liquors, or other preparations distinguished by the name of sweet fevnts, odours, perfumes, or cosmetieks, mixed or umnixed with other materials, used, or to be lift'd by any person as sweet scents, odours, perfumes, or cosmeticks; also upon every packer, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure containing any dentifrice powder, tintturc, or other preparation whatever, for the teeth or gums*, and also upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet, box, pot, or other enclosure of any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation for the hair,

which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above such duties, as by any of the said schedules hereunto annexed, such goods and articles are made subject to on the importation thereof, the additional rates and duties following, that is to say, upon every of the said articles which shall not exceed the value of eight pence each, a duty of one penny; and upon every of /' such articles which shall xceed the value of eight pence each, ami shall not ex* cecd the value of one Adding, a duty of one penny halfpenny; and upon every of such articles which shall exceed in value one shilling each, and not exceed the value of two (hiding* and sixpence, a duty of three pence; and upon every of such articles which shall exceed the value of two shillings and six pence each, and shall be under five (hidings each, a duty of sixpence; and upon every of such articles which shall be of the value of five shillings each, or upwards, a duty of one

finding*, and for and upon every etu'lnfure containing any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed two findings the pound weight, a duty of one penny for every pound weight, and so in ptopoiiion for any greater or iefs quantity; and

that there shall be nlfo granted to jwji Majesty, your heirs and furcefiors, upon all goods, wares and merchandizes, which shall be imported into rlus kingdom, during the time aforesaid, and whereon all duties are imjkifed this session of parliament, an additional duty after uic rate of ten pounds ft r centum) on the amount

of the duties payable thereon respectively, except wines, fugnrs, leas, hops and salt, ami except goods of the product or m.mufaflurc of the britiflt colonics in America, or the West Indies, or the Uritish settleroents on the coast of Africa; and that there shall be nlfo granted to your Majdty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, upon all goods, wares ami merchandizes, which shall be imported into this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, by any person being a retailer or consumer, in ready money, without any discount or allowance, an addi* fiontd duty after the rate of six pounds per centum) on the duties payable thereon respectively, over and above the full amount of such duties, except sugars; and that there shall be also granted, raised, collected, levied and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, for and upon every ship, vef-

&!, or ocher bottom trading to this kingdom, from any country whatsoever, cx-

15 a cept

H

t

a: d. >797-

8 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

ccpt coasters, and also except coal ships trading to the port of Dublin, a duty of *797* 0,e Penny Psr ton> over and above all other duties new payable on the tonnage

Chap. 3, thereof*

III. And be it enacted, That the respective duties mentioned in the said schedule marked A, imposed upon all wines imported into this kingdom, shall be paid upon all such wines which after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami niucty-fcvcM, shall be entered on bill of view or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the f.dd several duties mentioned in the said several schedules A.B. C.D. to he paid on the importation of the everal goods, wares and merchandizes therein vefpeclively mentioned, into this kingdom, and the several sums of money, ami duties of inland excise in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, shall, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and mnety-seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer, be respectively paid in lieu and full satisfaction of all customs, subsidies and duties whatsoever, payable by any person, not being a retailer or consumer, upon the importation of such goods, wares and merchandizes into this kingdom, on which such duties upon importation are imposed, except the duties payable upon coals, by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for continuing am! amending an aci passed in the ttventy.second year of his present Mrtjfys reign, entitled, An Act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by Mating wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the con! trade there of, and for other pnrpj'cs; and except the duties payable upon timber of all kinds, planks or blocks of mohogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and all kinds of ltone, which shall arrive in any ship or vessel in the port or harbour of Dublin, or in the harbour of Dunleary, by an ail passed in the thirty-second year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for repairing and preferring the mails of the rivir Anna Ltffey, in the city of Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the twenty fmth year of his Majests reign, entitled, An Act for promoting the trade of DnbJ.n, by rendering its port and harbour met e commodious, and of the said several duties of excise by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made; and shall be severally paid down in ready money net, u ithe ut any

difeuunt or allowance whatsoever, five that ready money fiiril not be paid upon the goods, the duties upon which-are or shall by law be directed to be bonded.

V. And be it enacted, That in cases where the duties by this act imposed on

tobacco imported into this kingdom shall be paid, then the sum of two pence halfpenny for every pound wrght thereof, and also so much of the produce of the

duties arising upon tens, as shall amount to the sum of seven thouhmi three hun-. tired pounds, shall be deemed in the account to be kept of your Majesty's licredi-. tary revenue, as part of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

VI. And be it enacted, Tlut there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, for and upon every entry inwards, which shall be made in the port of Dublin, during the time aforesaid, except post entries, and entries of coals, a duty of one shilling and six-pence.

VII. And for the better ascertaining the price of teas, and of all sugars, bring of the growth and produce of the East Indh s, imported into this kingdom from Great Britain, according to which the duties are imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of all teas, and all such sugars imported, be inserted in the cockcts;

and that such-price be further nlcertained by a reference to the fair books of the Ball India company, copies whereof, or of such parts thereof ns shall relate to the teas and sugars so imported, attested by the principal accountant or deputy-accountant for the time being, of the East India tuu-pany, the commissioners of the

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.9

«ht revenue arc required to procure from time t. time, for the purpose aforesaidd 5 /\ Y).

and which copies being verified by affidavit, made before the lord mayor cf Lon- j don, for the time being, and being atteiled by a notary pub'iek at the city of Lon- Qjj-jp, v don, flt.tH without further proof either of the said al.id.nit, or of the said copies, be admitted as evidence in all (uits commenced or an king upon this a el.

VIII. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation of the leverul goods, waves and merchandizes mentioned in the feheduies marked A.B. C. 1), the teveral drawbacks of the said duties shall be paid and allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the f.iid. feheduies matked A.B. C.D. and that the whole of the said duties Audi be drawn back on fuel) of the said goods, wares and merchandizes, as are by the said feheduies, or the tides of the said feheduies expressed to be entitled to such whole drawbacks, favc ns to imported herrings and salt, and unless otherwise directed by this act, or by any other act to be passed this session of parliament: provided that such goods be cx* ported within three years, from the importation thereof j and in cases of coaches and chariots, that the fame be exported within fix mouths, from the importation thereof; and that due proof be made of the entry of such goods and of the payment of the duties thereon, and that all other requisites have been performed which by law arc required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, am! in such case such drawback Avail, without any fee cr deduction, be paid by the foyer.d collectors sl the pons of exportation, out of any money arising out of any aids or duties by them collctled, within one month after demand.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon all tobacco manufactured in this kingdom, which And! be exported, there Ainll be allowed by way of drawback or comptnfu-tion for the duty by this act charged and paid on "import of the leaf tobacco v. hereof it was manufactured, and for the excise duty l.y this act charged thereon, the sum of one (Trilling and eight pence for every three pounds weight of such mamuV*.,a-ycd tobacco, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco paid the import and inland or excise duty payable thereon.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no drawback of any duty on any goods, wares, or merchandize, which Hull he exported from this kingdom, Aval be paid, unless the proofs neceslury for obtaining such drawback be made, and the drawback claimed within two veins from the time of the Hupping of such goods for exportation.

XI. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom, of any of the articles specified in .-.nv of tue said icliedules to be duty free, nor upon any woods for dyers use, nor upon any raw or ur.dressed fe.il Ikies taken Ly the crews of vessels belonging to, and fitted out from this kingdom, Cr t.i IV»-tain, Jersey, Guernsey, or Man whereof the captain or mailer, and three-'jtmhs of the mariners at leall, Atali be of your Majesty's subjects, or by persons employed by the mailers or- owners of such vessels, nor upon any raw fill; of the gunuh or culture of America.

XII. And Lc it enacted, That no duty shall be pr.hl during the lime aforelV.d, on any beer or ale brewed within tins kingdom.

XIII. And be it crafted, That t; Bull and may be lawful for any pa fen or p r-fons to import, and bring into this kingdom, in ships or vefills uav.g.tvd aaiuding to law, from any port or place whatsoever, any sort of cotton wool, wnl.i ui p.-; any duty whatsoever for the lame, any law, cultoni or ufago to the coiur..iv r. withstanding.

XIV. Provided ncvcnheless, That a due entry of fjeh cotton wool shall lv: made in the cuUom-house belonging to the port where the same shall be imported, in the same manner and form, and expressing the* cjmnriiic* thereof, as keutov re uf.-d and pracVifcri, and Inch goods shall be landed hi the pretence of the proper

Vol. xvnr. -C officer

10

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

707-

C

I’-

officer appointed for.- that pmpose, otherwise such goods Anil Lc liable to the payment of the fame duties, awould have been due and payable for the lame, if this act had not been made

XV. And be it ciiicled, That the several and respective bounties and allowances mentioned and exprdfed in the (Ihcdule marked F, hereunto aime.ved, shall be paid upon the exportation of the llvcrai manufactures of this kingdom, specificU in the fai'I schedule, as in the said schedule is mentioned lave as roay be ctherwUc provided by any act pallid, or to be passed in tli s session of parliament, and that the respective bounties mentioned in the said schedule upon bark imported into this kingdom shall also be paid.

XVI. And be it tnacled, That such bounties and allowances shall be paid by the collector of the port where such goods shall be shipped for exportation, out of any

monies in his hands.

XVII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the fever goods, wares and merchandise mentioned in the schedules or tables marked C, and E, hereunto annexed, win li shall he exported from this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, there shall lie raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs ami successors, the several duties mentioned in figures in the said fehcdules or tables, in lieu and full satisfjclioti of all lul.fidies and duties payable on the exportation of such wares and merchandize from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, and no longer, and upon the foreign spirits in the said fdiedule hereunto annexed, and marked C, which shall during the time aforesaid, be exported from this kingdom, to any British colony or plantation in America, or the "West Indies, or to any British settlement on the eo.dt of Africa, 'there shall be paid for every gallon thereof, the duties in the said schedule respectively mentioned.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no fnbfidy or duty whatsoever, shall be payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the said twenty-fifth day of Match, one thousand seven hundred and niuety-seven, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, upon the exportation of any goods or merchandize the product or manufacture of this kingdom, hot mentioned in the said fehcdules marked C, and i., except the alnage duties.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no custom, fubfuly, or duty whatsoever, Hull he piyable on the export of logwood of the growth or produce of the British settle-inents in America, or the West Indies; provided the fame be exported in British or lrifli Hupping, nor upon any lead-ore exported to Great Britain.

\X. And be it enacted, That no duty shall; e paid unto your Maj.rity, youv heirs and iuccefiors, upon the exportation of any flour, or upon any rape seed oil made and manufadered in this kingdom, or upon any fi:n which shall be cured in this kingdom; and that no duty whatever Hull be payable on the exportation of gold and fiber bullion, or foreign coin, cut or uncut, to any place whatsoever, except to the Bri'iili fettkmenti on the coall of Africa, or the British plantations in America, or the "West Indies; nor.shall any entry whatsoever, on the exportation of huh bullion or coin, except to the British settlements o.i the co ll of Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies, be required or demanded for the fun:, by any officer of youv Majesty's revenue, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that all such goods and merchandize, the produce or ma-nuhiflurc of this kingdom, as may he exported without paying any duty, touching which ho special provision is made by any law, may be exported, so that due entry of Inch goo.ts and merchandize he liril nude at the custom-hou.e of the port where the ihmc shall be exported, which entry shall express the quantity and quality i:f the respecthe goods so to be exported, and shall be made in all respects in the fame nvaiiu.r a> was tiled and pva.liled in reflect of any goods exported before the making of this act. audio as the lame be.shipped by the proper officer for that pur-

4

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 11

poll', and so as that the exporter do first mnl:c oath, or if a known qunkcr a A. I),

solemn affirmation, before the cmlomer, comptroller, or o*!:cr chief oifnvr oi finch , -n~_

port, which oath or affirmation such oTiar is hereby required and emp weird to administer, that such goons are of Inlh manuf.ichire i.r produce, am! in d\T..u!t of performing fuc!i requisitcs, or any of them, fimh goods and moich.uu!i/c, the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, shall be liable to the payment of duties, as if this act had not been made, any law to the contmry notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it cna:!ed, That there shall be raised, collcclid, k-viul and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, dunng the time aforesaid, and no longer, upon the several goods, wares, merchandizes, articles ami things mentioned, set forth and described in the schedule market! G, hereunto annexed, the leve-ral sums of money, and duties of inland cxeife, as ti«7 arc respectively inserted, described, am! set forth in the said schedule.

X\I1 And be it enacted, That the several licenses mentioned in the said fehe-dule marked G, on which the respective duties mentioned therein, are to be paid,

shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.md levin hundred and ninety-eight, ami no longer, save only as hath been, or shall be by law otherwise directed.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every person exporting malt out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act shall have been paid, a drawback of five shillings and three pence, for every barrel thereof, by the collector of the port from which such malt find! be exported, out of any money in his hands; or i' such malt fl-nJ be exported within the time allowed by law for the payment of the duties thereon, then the charge upon such malt shall be vacated, for so much as shall be exported, upon the person or persons exporting the fame, performing regularly the fame requisites, and complying with the fame regulations and restrictions, as are to be made and observed by persons exporting any article, whereon any bounties or drawbacks arc payable for obtaining the same.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all spirits distilled within this kingdom, which shall bcshipped for exportation, and for which any allowance or drawback shall be claimed, shall be of a strength not less than a strength equal to five degrees, 01 ten ,vr<* ./«/, under hydrometer proof; ami the person or persons who shall export the same to any place, except Great Britain, or the iflamls of Karo or Ferro, in the manner herein after uirected, Audi be entitled to, and shall receive one shilling and one penny halfpenny, for every gallon of such spirits, and of such degree of Urength so to be exported, as and for a drawback of the whole e'eife paid for the same, which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on such export, any act or s£ts to the contra-y notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if the spirits or brandies so to be exported, shall be of a greater strength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback after the rate of one penny halfpenny -e? gallon, over and above the sum of one shilling and one penny halfp uuy lor every four degrees which the finn flnll exceed the strength before mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater orless quantity.

XXVI. Provided always, That no drawback on any one gallon of spirifj or brandies, flull exceed in the whole the sum of one shilling and Av. n pence.

XXVII. And be it ena^cd, That over and above the fud drawback on all spirits distilled within this kingdom, and which shall be shipped for exportation, there shall be allowed and paid to the p.-rfon or persons exporting spirits ma^e and diflilted from malt made of corn of the growth or product of this kingdom, when the price of barley, afeortuined in the manner in an act passed in tw*n*y-

C 2 third

12

A.D.

The tlnrty-seventh Year of George III.

third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating ike corn trade, promoting agriculture, and providing a regular and Jle/uly [up-7 () 7 ‘ ply 5y (orn ,’fi ffaj k'ngdom, and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs andfitcceffrs, Ch.Tp. J. i/,e Jniigi therein mentioned, lh iH not exceed thirteen shillings and six pence the bar-n bounty of four pence for every gallon of such spirits out of such monies as are liable to the payment of the bounties on com exported, and by the same rules and regulations, and subject to the fame fecumies, exceptions, restricHons, penalties, and forfeitures, as are emitted with respect to the bounties on corn exported.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to

- repeal or alter the duties upon spirits, or strong v aters, payable by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty:s reign, entitled,

yin ncl f r continuing and tim. n Ting three several acts, one passed in the reign of his late Majesty King George the fccud, and the other two in his present Mnjejlfs reign, f r making the river Lagvi navigable, aid opening a communication by water between Lwgbneag’j and the town of JUfajI, end for enabling the eommjfmers therein named to wife tunny h nfsignmint f fdd duties, for the more expeditious and effectual carrying on said work, nor to aflect any drawback of the said duties thereby «d-Jov.ud.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the duties imposed by this act on all foreign spirits imported into this king lorn, ami the duty on ail aqua vti,t spirits, and strong waters made and distilifed in this kingdom; and the duties by this act imposed on malt, Hull be applied towards the payment of the several principal sums due, or to be due on debentures and trj.ifury bilU iffned, or to be'ifmed, and the imcrdl thereof, ami towards the payment of the sums borrowed, or to be borrowed in England, and nndc (lock transferable at the bank of England, and the intcred thereof, and of the life and other annuities as directed by any act or acts of par-Jiimcm puffed during this fclli m.

XXX. And be it enacted, Th.it so much of the duties by this att imposed-on

*_ r.v an I untainted iiidcs exported,-and on liufeed-oil, chocolate and cocoa nuts im-p.nted, as fiull remain after dedutting the hereditary duties thereon, shall be paid and issued by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, to

the truces for encouraging the linen ami hempen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied towards encouraging the raising of flax-feed in this kingdom.

XXXf. And be it enacted, That all duties paid to, and all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, (halt be exempted from the payment of all fi.es*, andth.it alt iiiu-.s mute from your Majesty's treasury, for the regimental pay of, ami allowances to your Majesty's regular and militia forces, shall be exempted from the fees of pells and poundage, nnJhospital fees.

XXXif. And be it enacted, That the several sums granted by this att, or any ether att of parliament now of force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the jailing at fullteieut quantities of flax-feed and hemp, and for Cite encouragement of the hempen nunufattuves in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, nml Connaught. shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other; and that n separate and dillintt account dull be kept by the proper officer, of the application

thereof; and be laid before parliament.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the duty of one shilling, and a further duty of six pence, on every entry inwards in the p rt of Dublin, except‘poll entries, and entries of coal?, Hull be paid by the collector, to the trullces of the lloyal Exchange in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards uifclurging the debts by them contracted, for building, finiflring, and repiiring the fame, and for the.future repairs thereof, with liberty to that body to apply -any surplus in their

Jundi

:The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Jj

Imnds thereof, to the use of the Avcral merchant? and traders who have entered ]3.

into subseripcions for erecting buildings for commercial purposes. r M 0 t

XXXIV. And beitenadrd, That all monies to arise from the said duty of one J '

shilling and six pence, upon every entry inwards in the port of Dublin, except as o

aforesaid, shall be paid by the collector of the said port, who is hereby authorized

to demand and receive tiiefime, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and the commissioners of his M.ijdty’s treasury for the time being, shall cause the same to be paid to the trustees of the Royal Exchange in the city of Dublin, to be by them appointed towards discharging the debts by them contracted, for building, finishing, and repairing the fame, and for the future repairs thereof, to be accounted for before the commissioners of imprest accounts, and that the said trustees shall apply all surplus in their hands, to the use of the several merchants and traders, who have entered into subscriptions for erecting buildings for commercial purposes.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That no cambricks or lawns whatsoever, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, nor any gold or silver lace except of the manufacture of Great Britain, shall be imported into this kingdom, in any ship or relit I whatsoever, under the penrity of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and lawns, and treble the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of thef ship or vestrl in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel.

XXXVI. And be it euaded, That all and every the duties, rates, impositions and taxes, by this act, or by any other act or acts passed or to be passed this session of parliament, and not hereby or by any such acts respectively appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses, purpose or purposes, shall be carried to, and be part of the fund called the consolidated fund; and that the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the lord high treasurer or commissioners for executing the oflice of lord high treasurer or commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, clerk of the pells, or any other officers of the tteafury, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money out of the said consolidated fund, shall be carried to the said consolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to, or be deduced or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of this kingdom, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be deceived for, or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said interest and annuities.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the several and respectbe duties,

Tates and impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and not otherwif* hereby specially provided for, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, by such ways, means and methods, and by such rules, directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and exnrefled for the railing, answering, colluding and paying of duties, and suing for, and recovering forfeitures, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the ex ifeor new imf-ojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to ike book of rates therein irf rtcdt or by any law of force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and

14 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A D. effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, j ygj exprsfled and enacted by this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force, relating to the duties of excise is provided.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the several duties mentioned in the said schedule G, hereunto annexed, to be paid by persons hawking about trees, flirubs, and plants for fate within the city of Dublin, or-five miles thereof; and by all persons felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any (land, (fall, (lied, booth, or other place not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling* house, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles 'thereof, any glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers thereof) and by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any itall, Ihed, booth, (hop, or in any other place, and by every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for every house in which such business shall be carried on, by every person. selling spirits by retail within the said city of Dublin, or within five miles of the dillrift of the mettupolis, shall be levied by such persons, by such ways and means, and under such penalties, rules, and directions, powers and authorities as are enacted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for more effectually preservitig the peace within the city of Dublin, and the d'jlricl of the metropolis t and establishing a parochial witch in the said c/7y, as fully to all intents and purposes at if the several provisions therein contained for collecting and enforcing the payment of the several duties therein mentioned, were te-enacted in this act,unless the fame.be otherwise provided for by patitament.

Chap.

Schedule

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries; which Duties, so paid are upon due Exportation thereof within Three Years after Import wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Schedule A. i~ wTT*"r d s.

Adzes for coopers, the dozen

Aggets, small as a bean, the hundred dozen

large, the piece,

The hundred weight, containing uilbs.

3 < — - if for dyers use, free.

(Vide allum in-drugs, (roach or romish).

Alphabets, the set, containing twenty-four

Amber, the pound -

- Beads, the pound

Anchovies, the little barrel, containing sixteen pounds of fiflt -

Annotto, the pound

- , if for dyers use, free.

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing 11 albs.

Apples, the hulhd -

- , dried, or peats, the battel

Argal, white or red, or powder, the iialbs.

——, if for dyers uf:, free.

Allies, vocat. pot allies, wood or soap ashes, free.

13 2

From Great Britain. From other

Britishi. Foreign. Countries.

£ ' ' r. s. e. £ > d-

- i 3's r 2 7 — 19

- 5 — 2 IO - 3 1

- ji il

- I 4

6* — II — 12

- 5i — n

- s i? — 43 — 7 — 47 — I9

n

- a 3 3

- i l — 22 — 14

» — "5 — 2 IO

Aw!

16 A.D. 1797. The thirty-fever.lh Year Schedule A. of George III. From Great Britain. Britishi. { Foreign. From otlic Countries.

Chap. 3. I N W A It D b. ' d- f. s. d. £ 4. i.

Awl blades, the thousand ioi -

- Ilafts, the groce -8 — I 4 - 1 3

Aulgurs, for carpenters, the groce — s — 4 3 — 47

Axes, or hatchets, the dozen —9- 1 3 - 7

Babies, or puppets, for children, the groce, con-

raining twelve dozen — < 5 — z 13 — 3

Backs for chimnies, vide iron.

Bacon, of England or Wales, the Hitch 7 -

all foreign bacon and hams, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs. - 64 - 7 —

j < Tennis balls, the thousand — 39 — 7 U - 8 7

w ? c

Bands of iron for kettles, the hundred weight,

containing ii 2lbs. — 7 3 — u 7 — 12 3

Bandftrings, the dozen knots - 39-49 — 4 II

Barilla, free as afties.

Bark, from England, the barrel 1 -

—, from all other countries, ffee.

Bafkct rods, three feet about at the band, the

bundle - 9r 9i 10J

Bates, vocat. hand-balkets, or sports, the dozen s9— — 10

Ball ropes, the hundred wt. containing iialbs. XI II - I —

C knotted, the dozen -9— 1 5 — I 7

v. plain, the dozen —’ 1 — — 4 — 5

Battery, baflirones, or kettles, the mlb. — <39 I 14 8 I 17 10

'Amber, vide amber.

Bone, the great groce, containing twelve

small groce - — 3 2 — 64 — 6 10

Box, the great groce — 3 2 — 64 — 6 ro

"5 Chryilal, the thousand — 04 — 12 8 - 13 8

S ' Coral, the pound — 2 8 — 40 - 3 1

Glass and woodof all forts, the great groce — I I — ’2 2 -24

Glass, the small groce, containing twelve

dickers - 5 10 It

Jasper, square, the hundred Hones — 4 3 - 8 5 -92

Beer, ale, and porter, for every 32 gallons — 4 37 — 4 3i - 4 3r

Beer, vocat, spruce beer, the gallon 2i 3 6

Bell metal, the hundred wt. containing iulbs* — 3 . — 3 6 — 4 1

Bellows, the pair ... — —3 3 6

—, Pipes, the groce — 2 2 - 4 3 — 4 7

3 Bells.

7 he thirty-sevenih Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Bmifii. Foreign.

ARDS.

i i

Paris mantles, or others, uncoloured, the mantle

I N W

/-Clapper bells, the pound

1 Dog bells, the great grocc, containing 144 dozen

/ Horse bells, the {mail grocc, containing 12 I dozen -

Biihooks, the dozen Bits for bridles, the dozen Blackening, or lamp-black, the ii2lbs.

{"Foils, the dozen I Knives ami forks, the groce Blades for jRMorSj ,he dozl.n

(_Swords, co.^rfe, the dozen f Paris mantles, coloured, the mantle Blankets, J vocat. j

BofTes for bridles, the small grocc, containing 12 dozen -

Books unbound, the pound weight, avoirdupois -

~ rof glass, full or empty, the dozen quarts 'H *1 being vitriol bottles, each

(.of (lone, the dozen

Bows, vocat. (lone bows of ileel, the piece -

Bows staves, the no staves

- , in foreign ships

Fire, or tinder boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen boxes

Nell boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Pepper boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Sand boxes, the groce, containing t\vclv< dozen -

Soap boxes, the {hock, containing three score boxes

Spice boxes, the dozen

Tobacco boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen

'Lamps, the dozen

Laver cocks, the pound Old, or flmilF, the hundred weight, com '*2 taining i I2lbs.

Piles weight, the pound

Scales and weights, the dozen pair

Trumpets, the dozen

vol. XVIII.

From other Countries.

E

'£ /. ,1. £ /. d. L S. d.

3

I 4 - 3 — - 3 3

- I I - 2 2 — 2 4

- I 4 - 2 6 29

- I I - 2 2 2 -1

- 8 s — 8 5 -910

- io4 - I 84 — I 10

- I s - 2 10 3 t

- 8 - > 4 i 5

- 4 -

- 2 y - 29— 3 2

- 2 2 - 2 2 - 2 S

- I I - 2 2 — 2 4

- I — — 1 — — I,

- 10 -

- I I — I9— U

- I I - 2 2 — 2 4

- s j - 8 j —910

12 8

5 - 2 10 — 3 I

- 4 3 - 8 3 —92

- I 7 - 3 2 - 3 3

- I 5 - 2 IO - 3 I

- 2 10 — 5 8 — 6 I

- J — — 10 — — 11

- 19— 3 I 0 — 4 2

- I I - 2 2 - 2 4

- " — ~ 3 2 — — 4

- 6 4 - 6 4 — 7 3

- 4 — 21 — n

- 4i —9— — 10

- 1 -4 — 2 7 1- 29

Brick-stones,

r7

A.D. 1797.Chap. 3.

D.

7*

3-

-—)

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain

British.

S.

C s. li.

I N W A K -D

("The thousaiul brick-stones

1 Flanders tiles, to scotir with, the tho'ifm.i

o I

*y *{ G.vJfcy tiles, the foot (fix to the foot)

*H Pan tiles- the thousand

Paving tiles, the thousand

Brimstone, the hundred \vt. containing mlbs.

Bridles, rough or undreft, the dozen pounds "

________, of Mufeovy, in foreign ships

- , dressed, the dozen pounds

- , of Mufeovy, ir» foreign ships

Broaches of Iitten or copper, the groce, containing twelve dozen

fBeard brushes, the groce, containing twelve ! dozen

f.

Foreign.

s. d.

3 6

6 8

- >3

'Comb brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen

of hair, ITcad brushes,‘ the dozen

Rubbing brushes, the dozen

Weavers brushes, the dozen

/-coarie, the dozen

) fine, or head-brushes, the dozen

d rubbing-bruflies, the do

of heath,

i

1 < zen

"Bruflies

1 callei C ze

for hats and clothes, the dozen

;Buck!es, for girdles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

for girths, the groce, containing twelve

- p

1 5

- y

- i]

- 61

- 4

—9

- lx

" 7

dozen

-Buglcs, rGreat. the pound

C Small, or feed bugle, the pound

Bullion, in coin, bars, or plates, free.

Burrs for mill-stones, the hundred, containing five score -

Copper or iatte.n, the great groce, containing twelve small grace, every groce twelvedozen -

Ghfs, the great grace, containing twelve small groce -

Hair, the groce, containing twelve dozer

Handkerchiefs, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Silk, the great groce, containing twelve small groce -

Thread, the great groce, containing twelvi small gioce

From other Cou nliies.

397 2 — — 2

- id 8

- 14 5

1 3

- 3

- 10

2 10

" 1 5

- 2i

- .22

- 10

- 5

—9

- 4

- 49

1 5

- 4

3 2

" 4 3

i

7 3i 7 i97

U

5

- 47

9

11

7

-49

- 5 8

2 10

7 5

6 4

- 8 1

I

6 8

2 4 Cables

The shiri-i-sevenlb Year of George III.

"hedllle A I From Grc-:t liriuin. [From other

DritiHi.

Camctetto

I N \V A R. O S.

Cables tarred or um.trred, the hundred weigh? containing i j libs* -

Cnddns, or crewel riband, the dozen pieces every piece containing thiny-six yards

"Fur yard

And if mixed with silk (except flu Cairoy, manufacture of Great Critain China, Perila, or the Fall Indies,] for every pound weight

Caliicoes, printed, painted or fUliied, per yard

- , white, foreign, per yard

pilalf lilk, half hair, the yard i

] Ami, (excepting the manufacture of Great llritnin, China, Pei ha, or the halt Indies,) for every pound weight; Canary feeds, or Alphilti, the hundred weight, containing tulbs.

Candle plates or wallers, of brafj or kitten, (Ik pound -

'Candles of tallow, the pound

’ Candlesticks, of brass or bitten, the pound j-----

Candlewick, the hundred wt. containing ii2lbs. —

for manufacturers use, free.

I wood,'the dozen -

Capers, the hundred weight, containing ii2!bs-

'Cap-hooks, or hooks ends, the groce, containing twelve dozen pair

Caps of woollen, the dozen

rPlaying cards, the groce, containing twelve ‘g \ dozen pair (or packs)

4= yWoolcards, old, the dozen pair

O k-----, new, the dozen pair

- 4

' Canes J 11

- 5

i

- 2

A

'Of Great Britain, the square yard f Short, the piece Turkey - Turkey, in foreign ships

b I V^mr-H 1 I<on?> containing four yards and h ! I upwards, the piece

L-----, T urkey, in foreign ship1

U L

f Single, the groce, containin'. \ twelve dozen

for

Combs ) double, the groce, containing ’ I twelve dozen

with wooden combs, garnished, the dozen

E a

- 4

Foreign.

*. j. ii.

-i

i -i

i Countries.

0 10 i 6

4 4 —

~ 3 8

- 3 3

4 -1

- 4* ' S 5

- 5 y to

jj 6 ,— 12 6

3 ,1

- 4 2i —

IJ 17

1; 18 7

- 3 5

149

4 3

- 8 5 — 43

l

-17

3

- 47

r9

A.D.

>797-

Chap. 3.

- 7i,-----8,

21

2

7

Cafet

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

for

spe£tacles

I N WARD S.

with small ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -

with middle fort ivory combs, garnished. the dozen

I with large ivory combs, garnished, the j dozen -

for needles, or pin cases, the grocc, con taming twelve dozen

the groce, ungilt, containing twelve dozen

the groce, gilt, containing twelve dozen

Catling*, harpftrings, and luteftrings, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Cavearr, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

Caul

drons, or pans, iron, the hundred weight Chafing j brass or latten, the pound dishes, £ of jronj t^e dozen

Chains f ^01" coar^c* ^1C dozen

( for keys or purses, fine, the dozen Chairs of walnut tree, the piece

f umvatered, or mohair, the yard watered, the yard half fi!k, half hair, the yard

From Great bricain.

Britishi.

£ d.

Foreign.

- 2

- 2

Chainlets,

- i$

1 5

- io

- I X

- 4

- I I

A j. d.

- 5 3 8 S

- id io 2 IO 2 IO

- K 3

- 4 3

- 4 3 — 3*

- 2 IO

- 9

I S

i i

- 7

- I i

£ 1 ll-— 6 i

—9

From other Countries.

- l

3 3

- 3 1

- 3 1

- 6 i

- 9

- 4

4

<j And for every lb. weight, if made of, or mixed with lilk, (except the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Ferfia, or the Fad Indies,)

Chariots, with or without the appurtenances,

each - j«y-----

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing uzlb;.* 4-!

J" Boards, the dozen - - 2 2

Chefs, \ MCIJ) the groce, containing twelve

[ dozen - - - 1 4

1 Small, three quarters of a yard long, or middle fort, one yard long the piece - - - —96

Large, one yard and quarter long,

the piece - - j— 15 5

Chifiels for joiners, the dozen 5

Chocolate, the pound - - -*-----

Citterns of latten, the pound - - — U

laricords, the pair — 1 j

'Clay called fire clay, and sand, free.

- 4-4 t-4 4

- I 10

- i 2

- 1 I

- 4 3 2 7

y 5

- 10

- 91

- 2 JO

- 29

- II

- IO

Coaches

The th'irty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Gr British. :at Britain. Foioign. From other Cou turies.

I N W A R D Coaches ami berlins, with or without the appur- r. t- d.

tenances, each - i 2 ——

Coals, the ton - Cochineal, all forts, free. Coffee, of nnv other tlun British venation pro- 8} — — to

tluce, for every pound weight thueof of the British plantations, vide Sche- dulc C. upon paying down 3s. 6d. f:r eva'-j hundred mighty and ! airing the reminder of d;:!\. eojfee tiny be it’dvtkvfiii in !>ic ;:iand uudtv the fume regulations as tohaers. 6,

/-Figures and letters, the groce 8 ~ I 4 ~ 1 5

Cu.Ii.i, tlandles, plates, squares, the groce fit — 1 1 1 2

’of bone, the pound J lu J I

of box, the groce, containing twelve dozen ~ 1 1 — 2 2 1— 2 t

of horn, for barbers, the dozen 2v 5

£ called horse-combs, the dozen 5 -e 10 11

0 O of ivory, the pound vocat. iightwood combs, the groce, con- — I 1 — 22 — 2 -1

tabling twelve dozen9— 1 5 — 7

for wool, the pair, old or new 4i 4., S

Comfits, the pound f of iron for carpenters, the do- — 3 " 5 — — 6

Compafll's, "1 ZCn 5 a

{ for {hips, the dozen Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, con 10 — 1 7 - 1 !)

raining H2lbs. - Kettles, vide battery. Copperas, free if for dyers use. , white and blue, vide drugs. Cordage, or ropes tarred or untarred, the hun- — 49 — 49 — 4 11

dred weight, containing 11 iibs. — I I — 26 - '*

Corks, ready made, the groce 3s — 7 7

Cork, the hundred wt. containing 11 albs* — — 12 — — 12 4

Cork f iron, the thousand91— 1 5 - I 7

tad \ of steel, the thousand — 3 6 — 7 — — 7 7

Counters of brass orlatten, the pound Crewel riband, vide caddas. — — 2 — 35 -- 31

Curry combs, the dozen — I — — in — 2 I

Cuttle-bones, the thousand — 2 10 — s 8 — 6 r

Cyder or perry, the ton Vol. XVIII. F I 2 1 I Z I Dagger

2t

A.D. 1797.

Ch. ip.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule A. from Great Eritain-

INWARDS.

Dagger blades, the dozen Dimity plain, the square yard Dog couples, the dozen

i the yard, coming from Old drapety, E"g, and'

I

I from any other parts, the

L: yard

f from. England, the yard P Now drapery, < frorn nny other parts, the

L yari

All manufactures made of wool which are milled in the tuck-mill, or other machine, whether twilled or plain, as coatings, ca jjhners, kerfeys, drug gets, German serges, ratteens, and such like, by whatever particular name, now denominated, or hereafter to be denominated, shall fall under the description of, and pay duty as old drapery.

‘Acacia, the pound Acorus, the pound

{Album, the pound

XT* 1 J

Nigrum, the pound

Trough or untrimmed, the \ pound

Agaricus, Agaric, trimmed or pared, (, the pound ——, free if for dyers use.

Agnus caftus feeds, the pound

{Confettio, the ounce

byrop, the pound

Alhanet roots, the pound

j Allum, romish, or roach, the hundred wt. d containing 112)bs.

——, free if for dyers use.

Britishi.

a~~T

- 2 10

- I

- 4

Foreign.

- H

- 7

£. s. d.

- 6 i

From other Countries.

- 5 7

Aloes,

i;

Almict or orcant, the pound

Almonds, bitter, the hundred weight, containing 11 albs.

Cieotrina, the pound

Epatica, the pound

Aiumon plume, the pound

Ambergrease, black or grey, the ounce Troy -

Ameos feeds, the pound

Amomi feeds, the pound

Anacardium, the pound

Angelica, the pound

- 6

'----- -9

- 3 io

- 4 3

- 3*

- i 3

-9Ji

- ii

31

- 4 7

- 3i r —

- i 7

- 6 — — 6

- H

9

- i

- >5

- io

- 3

- p ii

- I 2

- 6i

- 3

- 16 io

- io i

- 3* Antimonu m

Drugs, vocnt.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 25

Schedule A. From Great Britain. Britishi. j Foreign. From other Countiics.

INWARD s. C- s- £ ' £ ' ‘‘

f /-crudum, the hundred \vi

1 containing iJ2lbs. — S 'i — 5 6

Antimonium < free if for dyer? use.

/ pncpar.itum or ftibium,

k the pound - ~ rj 2-5 2.{

Argentum sublime, or linum, or quick-

fiiver, the pound Sl 9t

Aristoiochia, Ionga, et rotunda, the round 3i 3i

Arfnickj white or yellow, or rofalger, the pound - - I u

free if for dyers use.

Afpalathus, the pound — 4 ' 4 T

Aflafcetida, the pound — — 3! 4

Aflarum roots, the pound — — 3 — 3 j

Auripigmentum, vide orpiment.

Balaullium, the pound — 8 __ C< J

(artificial, the pound 61 IO? - — ! 1

Balfamum, 1 , L natural, the pound — — 5 9i — 6 —

Barley, hulled, or French barley, the mlbs - 3 2 — 5 3 5 71

in foreign ships — — — 64

Bayberries, the mlbs. — — 3 6 — 39

- , free if for dyers use.

Bdellium, the pound — 7* -1 — / 5

Ben album, or rubrum, the pound — — s Si

Benjamin, of all forts, the pound — — 1 1 — I 2

r of the East Indies, the ounce

Bezoar J — - 13 >7 —

Stone / of the West Indies, the ounce

L Troy — — 2 — — 22

Black lead, the mlbs. — — 7 10 - 8

Blatta bizantia, the pound6} 6}

(communis, or arrnontcus, the

Bolus % ftundred wt. containing mlbs — — ioi - I 7 — >9

(^verus, or fine bole, the pound — 1.1 2

/unrefined, or lineal, the pound — -— 7* 81

Borax J ————, free if for dyers use.

(.refined, the pound — — 2 47 — 1 /I

Buiikins holywortles, or piftolochia, tin-

pound - 57 6

Calamus, the pound — 11 JI

Cambogium, or gutta gamble, the pound — IOi -- ui

Camphire, refined, the pound — 1 — — i 6 — 1 7

- , unrefined, the pound — —9— — 10

Cancri oculus, the pound -- n> — 11

S 2 Camharidei,

A.D.

797-

Chap

j*

24

A.D.

'797-Chap. 1.

77*? thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS. fCantharldes, the pound Caraway fccdo, the mlbs. Cardomomes, the pound Carliua, the pound Carolina, the pound Carpo bnlfami, the pound Carrabe, or fuccinum, the pound Carthamus feeds, the pound Cassia, fistula, of all forts, the pound — Lignea, the pound

From Great Britain. From ot'.’.er Britishu|Foreign. Countries.

Caftoreum, or beaver cods, the pound

Cerufla, the mlbs.

Cetrach, the pound

China roots, the pound

Chrystal, in broken pieces for physical uC the pound -

Ciceres, whiteand red, the pound

Cinabtium, or vermillion, the pound

Ciperus, longus et-rotundus, the mlbs.

Cetrago, the pound

Civet, the ounce Troy -

Coculus, India:, the pound

Coloquintida, the pound

Copperas, white, the mlbs.

mibs.

r red or white, in fragments, f Coral, J physical uses, the pound

( whole, the pound

Coriander feeds, the nibs.

"Caperum, the pound

Guaici,>-the mlbs.

Cortex, .4 Mandragortt*, the ppund

1|Tamarifci, the pound

b, Winteranus, the pound

Costus, dulcis, and amarus, the pound

Cubebs, the pound

Cummin seeds, the mlbs.

Cufcuta, the pound

Cyclamen roots, or panip porcinus, thej pound -

£ s. d. k- s. d. £ J, d.

- 1 24 — I 4

- I I f 4 6 - 4 ' t

- 9— —9-

- 2z -

- I -

- 1C i — 1 —

- 3* — - 4

- 3*_— 4

- 4f — 5

- 3 BJ - *> 0 K-

- 49— 4 11

- n — — 3

- I s — 1 6

> — fij — — JO-} ~ 1 —

- Si — —9to

f" — — ' —9299

- 2{ — 21

- JO 6 - 11 3

- 4t ~ — )

si — — fi

_ — — — 11 3_11 1

a_3 to 4

I 89

- 4 2 = — 4 7

- 4 5 — 4 10

- 3i — — 3i

- " — *4 S " 'S 5

- s — — 51

- 2 — 2

- 3 — 3

- 5 — — S-i

- 3t — — ‘4

yprusnuts, the pound,(videnuxcuprefli)— —______ __

- 89

- 5-

94

- 3

- 6 Caucus

Drugs vocal-.

The thirly-seventh Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

‘Daucus creticus, the pound

Diagrcdium, or fc.imony, the pound

Diptamus leaves, the pound

- , roots, the pound

DoTonicuni, the pound

Eleborus, idbus et niger, the pound

Epithcmum, the pound-

pS-udum, the pound

Euphorbium, the pound

Fennel feeds, the pound

Fenugreek, the ii2lbs

Flory, the pound

Flowers, vide leaves.

Folium India.*, the pound

Fox lungs, the pound

Frankincense, of France,parrofm, the 11 albs

Galanga, the pound

Galbanum, the pound

General, the pound

Gentiana, the pound

Guinea pepper, the pound

Grains of Guinea, or French grains, the 11 libs, (vide grains.)

Gratia, pinte, the pound

- , Tincforum, the pound

Green ginger, the pound -

Gum, animi, the pound

- arable, or gum feneca, the hundred

wt. containing U2lbs.

- , Armoniack, the pound

- , Caramcn, the pound

- , Carannx, the pound

- , Elcmi, the pound

- , Guiaci, the pound

——, Hederte, the pound

——, Juneperi, or fandracha, the H2lbs.

——, Lack, the pound

- , Opoponax, the pound

- , Sandrachi, or gum juneperi, vide

fandrachi. '

- , Sarcocal, the pound

- , Seneca, vide gum-arabic.

- , Serapinum, or fagapenum, the pound

- , Tacamahaccse, the pound

Vol. XVIII.

G

From Great Britain, llritilli. Foiei^'n.

s.

- to:

- 5

i.

- j to — 8

From oilier Colllur-:.

7 2 4 U

if-----

61 1

6i

- 3

- 7

/ a 2

4t Si 4

ir

3

3

2f

J

Ai 47

4 34 ii

- t 8i 4*

- I I ’ io

4

3t 4i

- 6

' — 7

3 S

- 5

- 6

- 5

- 2

- 3

- 7 to

- 3

- S

- i S

- 5

6 io

- 3t

- 4 i9'

- S

~ l. 4

- ir

- 8 to

3 j

6

- 31

3s

87 - I

A. D

3-

179

Chau.

9

Gum,

a6

A.D. 1797.

Chap. 3

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. Eritifli.|Foreign. From other j Countries.

INWARDS. c J. k s. j. k s. d.

f Gum, Tragagant, the pound — — 3 - — 3

Tm&orum, vide grana tin&orum.

Gutta gambx, vide cambogiutn.

Ilcrmodatflilus, the pound — — — si - — r,

Ilolywortles, vide bunkius.

*) the hundred, containing

Horns of harts ( f,ve score or {lags, { — i 7 - 49- s 3

J the mlbs. — 5 3 — s 3 — 5 3

Hypociftis, the pound - 0 — — 6)

Jallap, the pound n —, I 1 i 2

Inccnfc, or olibanum, vide olibanum.

Ireos (orris), the i nibs. — *— — — 14 2v — *5 i

Ifinglass, thcii2lbs> i 6 <» 3 i 1691 i8 o

free, if for dyers use.

Jujubes, the pound - — 3

Juniper berries, free.

Ljpchnum, or lapodonum, the pound - 3! — — 4

Lapis calaminaris, the ualbs. - 4 — 4 1 i

Contra-yerva, the ounce - I ii — 3

Hemntitis, the pound - 4i 5

Judaicus, the pound 3>

Lazuli, the pound — — — 2 3 2 6

Tulice, the pound - 3 '4 — 3'

Leaves of roses, the pound — I. — 3 — 3 4

of violets or flowers, the pound — 15 2t — 7 - i

Lentils, the pound — —_i — I

r Aloes, the pound — — — 2 7* 2 IO

Lignum, < Asphaltum, the pound 3i

CNephriticum, the pound - 95 — — 10

Lignum, rhodium, the iislbs. — 2 3; — 2 6

'Vitre, free.

Limum, vide argentum sublime.

f of Rohi, the ixalbs. Litharge, ) I of fllvcr, the I i?lbs. — — — 4 49'

- "" 3 8£ 3

Locufis, the pound 3i 3i

Lupines, the ii 2lbs. - 2 10 — 3 —

Lymifcus, or xylobalfamum, the pound - 4 — — 5

Madder roots, or rubea tin£torum»hc pound - 3 -

if for dyers use, free.

Manna, the pound - 8' —9

iMarnulade, the pound — — 2 — 31 — 3i

1 Munich, jRed the pound - — — 3f — Os'

L i White, the pound — — — 94 — io4

2

Drug;s, voc.Ti

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A,

From Cvcut Britain. (From other LiritUK. I Foreign. j Countries.

INWARDS. 1 /. d. s. d.

fMechoachan, the pound - — — i " 7v — 3

Mercury, { Precir!ta,e*t,e ^ttni ‘ — — to! — r 7 I 1 r 3[-

( fubhmate, the pound — — 7 — 1 :s __ I t '

MilUum fobs, the pound - — — \ — 3-' — v.

Mirabol.mes, ‘trird, pcemd - I- — 2r — — 3

C conduce!, the pound - - — " \ — 4 — 4 V

Myrtle-berries, the pound - - - I- — 2-; — > 1

Mithridate Venethv, the pound — — — L_ 2 3 — 2

Mum.mu, the pound - 3 i — 4

Mulk, the ounce Troy - — —95 f 10 2

Musc ‘ the doyen — — — 6 4 i n -

cods, < and the ounce — — — I ‘1 L r

Myrrhe, the pound - 7$ i — 2;

Manlus, ccltica, ar fpica romana, the ialbs_— — I9s 1 ti s

l»i£ell.\,tl:e p mini - >4 — — 2

Nitvum, the pound - Si !_ — Si

f De bonne, the pound - 3 i_ — 3

Cttprtfli, the pound - 2 — 2

I Indies, the niece ! 2;j

Ntre -i Pini, or gram pini, the pound - J 23 . 3

1 Piftachi.i or piftachins, the pound - — *r~_71

LVomica, the pound — __ 2|

Oleum C Petroleum, the pound C Furpcntini, vine turpentine. - s " — 5:

Qiibanum, or tnccnfe, the t talbs. - — — ’ 6 . 8 34

Opium, the pound - — — 2 2 i 2

Orabus, the pound_— — " — 1: — '4

Oranc e i Ointment, the pound_4 74 8

1 lower "WateTj the gp.lion — — — I I 4

Orcant, or almiet, the pound — — — 2i — 27

Origanum, the pound ~ — 2

Orpiment, or auripigmentum, the ulbr._—__ I 2!f — tl 11

Ofippium huerredum, ihc pound - 2'i

Oiti d e cordu cervi, the pound — 3 4 — 7 ‘J — 8 34

'of almonds, the pound — — 2 " — 3; — 31

of amber, the pound — 9i — 2 10 — 3 i

de bay, the nalbs. - 3 — 12 2j 12 II

q.j j de benne, the pound j of mace, or nutmegs, the pound - 10; 7 — 1 81

- IOi 2 6J 2 7=

of rosemary, the pound - — 9i 7;- —9

of scorpions, the pound — — 4’ i — 7* — «i

1 of fp'ike, the pound- Gfi — — 3 1 — 5 — Si

27

a. n.

'707-Chap. 3.

Pan--,

a^j The tiArly-sevenih Year of George III.

A.D.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. From ether

1797. Britnli. Foreign. Countries.

Chap. 3. I N W A R 1J s. C- ' A- r. s. d. £ f- 1

JTnnis porcinus, vide cyclamen.

l’antlic-r, tl.c pound — — IU 10 - 18 21

Pearl feeds, the ounce Troy — - 1 7 — I 8

Peliitory, the pound — 2 2

Topper, lone, the pound — 25 3

Pcl'ofcn, vide frankinccilfc.

Piony feeds, the pound — 2 2

Piflachias, vide rux pitlachia.

PHlolochia, vide bunkins.

Pix L'urgundix, the ndbs. — — 3 ni — 4 2i

Polipodium, the pound — 1 1

Polium monianum, the pound — — — 2$ "i

Pomegranate pilh, the 1I2lbs. — — 10 II

if for dyers use, free.

Poppy feeds, the peund it -i 2 2i

Precipitate, vide mercury precipitate.

Prunellas, or pruins of Brunclia, the pound — 2{- 2i

Pfyliium, the pound — 2 2 T

Qnickfiiver, vide argentum vivum.

Contra yerva, the pound — 7; 81

K , \Efulx, the pound Radix ) 1 — — I — - I -1

Peonx, the pound — 2 2

'Co t Scorcionera, the pound — —99i

a Red lead, the 112lbs. ~ 4 3T - 4 ]5 - 4 hi

Rhabarbarum, or rhubarb, the pound -29 — 4 10 — 5 2i

Rhaponticum, the pound — - 2 3i - 2 6i

Rofealger, vide arfcnic.

Roflet, the pound — 74 ]

Rubea tinctorum, vide madder roots.

Sagapenum, vide gum fernpinum.

r Alcali, the pound to n

Sal J Armoniacum, the pound — 4 — 44

(. if for dyers use, free.

Sal gem, the pound — — 2 2

- nitri, the pound ' 21 4,

/-Red, alias stock, the ii2lbs.

\ if for dyers use, free. I

1

1 White, the pound 3i — 4

'-Yellow, the pound ) -- 6i 61

Sandiver, the nib?. 1 - 2 tfi — 2 8k

Sandracha, or gum juneperi, the iialbs. 1 — 8 10

Sanguis, DraC0niS’,hcl,0und " 1 1 -- n Si

S v Hired, the pound I — 3i 3i

Sarsaparilla, the pound9QT

Saf.jfr.is

'rugs, vocal-.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

inward s.

f Safafras wood, or roots, the 112lb. Scamonium, vide diagredium.

Scincus marinus, the piece Scordium, the pound

Scorpions,the hundred,containing five fcorej Scheftines, the pound Seler montanus, the pound

Semen cucumeris, cucurb, citral melon: the pound Sena, the pound Seldonclia, the pound

Spier Celtica, vide nardus Celtics, or fpica] Romana.

Spikenard, the pound

Spodium, the pound

Spunges, the hundred weight

Squilla, the mlb.

Squinanthu^n, the pound

Staphifager, the mlb.

Stechados, the pound

Stibium, vide antimonium prrcparatum.

{Caiamata, the pound Liquida, die pound Succinum, vide carrabbc.

Suiphur vivum, the pound

From Great Britain.

Britishi.

Foreign.

F rom other Countries.

- U

I

«j Storax,

p J Green, the pound "White, the pound Tamarinds, the pound

Ter

r Lemnia, the pound

£ Sigillata, the pound

Thhpfii femen, the pound

Tincal, vide borax.

Tornfal, the pound if for dyers use, free-

!Common, the pound

Of Venice, the pound

And further, for every onej ' hundred weight thereof both) common and of Venice

Trochifci de ripen, the ounce troy Turbith, {Ihe P_°Und

£. s. ~ 5

2 II)

h 4

3

3i

2

2

ill

2

- 3?

1 2;

- 3i

- 2

- S

- 3

Vol. XVIII.

Thapfuc, ihc pound

- 2j

I-----7

- 3s

- Si 2 3i

v r

\C- >-

5 Si

- 1

- *}

' 4 8j

- 3t

' — 2j

__ jX

- ioi

- I 7

3 S " S 1

- 1 i>

- 11 11

31

- I 3i

- 3s

- Si

‘f

' — 2J-

- 11J

- 71

- 3i

- 2j

7

29

A.D.

\797-

Chap. 3.

- 6

2 si

1 2

1 2

- 7i Turmerick,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. A.D. 1707. Schedule A. From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 3. INWARDS. C- ' ' £ ' d- £ '

Vor-w 'Turmerick, the pound (if for dyers use free 2. 2*

f common, the ii2lb. — II - 2 113 — 3 2

lurpentine, < of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus

the pound — —_— I io| — 21

Verdigrease, the pound, (if for dyers use,

free) - — 2 5* Si

*a Vermillion, vide cinnabrium.

O O > Varnish, the M2lb. — 63? — ic 6 — II Si

2} Viscus quercinus, the pound — —9— — 10

Q Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, (if for

dyers use, free) — 6 -

Umber, the hundred wt. containing ri2lb — — 4 3 ’ — 48

"White lead, the mlb. — 6 — — 6 — — 66

Worm feeds, the pound 6 — — .10 IOi

Xylobalfamum, vide lyntifeus.

LZedoaria, the pound — 89

Earth, red, the barrel 1 I II — I 2*

Elephants teeth, the hundred, containing five

(core - —9S i ir9

Emery stones, the hundredweight, containing

112ib. ... 7i 7T 94

Emery, ground, the pound

Fans for corn, the piece 6 6 8

'For beds, the ii2lb. — 4 3 -43 — 4 11

of France, for beds, the hundred weight - 6 4 — 7 —

to of Russia, the hundred weight - 4 — - 4 8

V J Vocat. dlridge,oroftrichfeathers, not black

rt or white, undressed, the pound — — 43 — 4 7

of oltridges, C Black> 'he pound — — 34 - 3

L "ndreded \ W]iite, the pound - - 3 8i — 4 ~ S

Feather beds, old or new, (he piece — 3 r> ~ 3 <5 — 4 1

Eiddles for children, the dozen 3 7* 8

Ferret ribbon, the grore - 1 8? —

If foreign, and of silk, to pay as lilk manu-

failure

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen — l6 — 3 7 — 4 —

Fire fliovcl plates, the hundred weight, containing-mlb. - - 1 5 — 2 10 - 3 1

Fiic fliovels, the dozen - 1 5 - 2 10 - 3 1

f the barrel — I I — 32

Cod-fish, < the jlun(jre(jj containing fix

0 0 j score - 4 3 — — 12 '8

Cods heads, the barrel , 1 2± 1 — 6*

£ *6 Cole fish, the hundred, containing fix score - , , i ! — 32

Gull fish, the barrel 1 0 Q

Haddocks,

The thirty-seventh Tearo/ George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

"Haddocks, the barrel

Herrings, the barrel

Lampreys, the piece

Lings of all forts, the hundred, containing fix score

’Small, the hundred, containing fix score

*4

cr

Prom Great Britain.

British. j Foreign.

__ i__________

From other Countries.

Z

Middle fort, the hundred, containing fix score

Fifti, great, the hundred, containing j fix score

Salmon,

f the barrel

t Girlcs, the barrel Seal fish, the fish

fCroplings* the Imndred, containing fix j score ——

a j Lubfish, the hundred, containing fix score ’

& ' 1 — i i

2 2

- 9k

- 8i

Titlmgs, the hundred, containing fix

score

I Whitings, the barrel Flanders tile, vide brickstones.

{undressed, free.

Dressed or wrought, the rt2lb.'

- in foreign ship

Flax-feed, or linked, free.

Flames to let blood, the dozen

Flints for fire arms, the thousand

Flocks, the hundred weight, containing 11 sib,

Flower roots, the hundred, containing five score

Flutes, coarse, the groce, containing twelve dozen "

Prize, the yard

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

f Arinins, the timber, containing forty ikins

Badger ikins, the piece

' Black, the piece -

Bear iktns, -{Red, the piece

te, the piece

J Skins, whole, the piece

Wombs, the piece

t untawed, the timber, containing fort) £ V ikins -

4j / tawed, the timber, containing forty {pi ikins - - '

i

- 4i L-----

7*

6 4

- r 2 5,

________— 2 la

- I it 4 ‘i I I

» 7

- 17 TI

---

4

- 4 3

- I 4

- 22

- It

Bearer, -i

I Wo

J7

- 8

-43 b- 1 4

4 3

- 1 i

7 "

- J

4 3

- 43

- 8

1

1

s

>9

1 s

8 4i

--5r

—9

- 4 M

- 1 8

- 4 7

- j|

- 8 , 0

- 4 7

- 3

~ 7 S ~ 1 S

- I 7

- I r® 'Calabar

3n

A.D. 1797. Chap. 3. iyw

The ihlrty-sevenih Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARD S.

f t . f the hundred, containing five score black, the hundred, containing five

score

Cats poults,' the hundred, containing five score -

Fitches, the timber, containing forty skins phe black fox skin *j the ordinary (kin {-Wombs, poults, or pieces, the pane

f untawed, the timber, containing forty skins

tawed, the timber, containing forty lkins

ff raw, the (kin black X_, ,.

t seasoned, the 1km

paw, the (kin

seasoned, the fkui

Skins, the piece

ombs, the pane

Gr.iycs,

Jennets,

j f raw

I8"* I,of

r Skit

Icop.,!,

'the timber, containing forty skins

M.irtraiis, { fort;-skins

Pouts, the pane or mantle

Tails, the hundred, containing five score

Miniver, the mantle

Minks, untawed, the timber, coni forty skins

- , tawed, the timber, containing forty

skins -

Moul skins, the dozen

Otter skins, the piece

Ounce skins, the piece

Sables of all forts, the timber, containing forty skins -

Weafcl skins, the dozen

{tawed, the piece

untawed, the piece

AVolverings, the piece

Galls, the hundred weight, containing U2lb. if for dyers use, free.

Garnets, small, rough, the pound

- , small or great, cut, the pound

Gimlets-

for carpenters, the groce vintners, the dozen

Cfor ca

Or Cfor vi

From Great Britain. Britishi. j Foreign. horn other Countries.

C- ' <l- r. s. 1 ° £. j. d.

- I CO -92

- II 7 — 12 3

- 2 \k - 4 3 — 4 7

- 3 2 - 3 5

I I — 2 2—, 256

4 4

- I I — 22 — 24

- i9— in

- 2 8 — 210

- 2 8 — 2 JO

- ~ 3 6 — 310

- 8 8J

- 10 II

- S 3 - S 8

- I I I 2 p

- 2 2 — 256

- 27 — 29

- 2 2 — .24

- 8 S' — 92

- 2 10 " 3 "

- 12 8 - >3 8

- 16 10 1 OS OS

ii 1 J.

6i — 11 — J 2

- 28 — 2 10

- 6 6 — 616 6

i — 1 1

- 64 — 6 10

- 410 — S3

- 2 y 3

- 2 2 — 22 — 2 6

- 2 2 - 4 3 r 4 7

- 6 4 — 12 3 CO C"1

8; — 1 s - 1 7

- 10 - *9— I 10 Girth

7 he thirty-sevenlb Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Dritifli. Foreign.

INWARDS.

Girth web, the groce

f GJafles for watches, the dozen Burning glades, the dozen Glass pipes, small, the pound

£ s-— 3

great, the hundred weight

containing ii2Jb.

*, flour gJafles, the groce

V)

5= Vials, the hundred, containing five score

O Water glasses, the dozen, of all forts

( the whole case, containing 24

Window) Ws

glasses, f-----, the half case, (or fide)

i containing 12 leaves

Clew, the hundred weight, containing ii2]b. Globes, small, the pair, under eighteen inches diameter

-, large, the pair, eighteen inches din-

/;. s.

- 6

9

4i

- 4 2 7

3 10

meter

Gloves of all forts, the dozen

- , and of file, and not British, or tin manufacture of Persia, or the East Indies, so; every pound weight

Gold foil, the small groce, containing twelvi dozen -

Gold and Giver thread right, the pound containing twelve ounces Venice weight

Grains, or scarlet powder, the pound

- , of Seville, in berries, or grains of Por-

tugal, or Rotta, the pound

Gravers, or punfons for goldfniiths, the pound Grindstones, the chalder

in the MI, the thousand

Cinnamon, the pound

Cloves, the pound Cocoa nuts, the pound Currants, the hundred wt. containing 1 i :1b

- , in foreign ships

Dates, the hundred wt. containing 112lb. Figs, the hundred wt. containing H2lb. - in foreign ships

[ Ginger, of the Fail Indies, or other forcigr L plantations, the pound Yul. XVIII, ' 3 I

From other Countries.

s. d.

6 10

- I 11

- 2 2 2 2 — t S

- 4 3 — 4 3 - 4 7

- 8 5 8 s — '92

3 2 — 6 4 — 6 10

- 4 4 — 4 4 -

- ~ 7 - I 3 I 4 i

- 4 3 - 8 59I

- 7 7 _9

- If 4? 2f — 5 3

- 2 4 - 2 4 — 2 6

- 12 8 - '3 8

41

- 4 3 to 6 - i r 7

- __ - 1 2? - 1 24

- I a? — 1 H

- r — 8 i 2 ~i

- ~ — — I 4 to

- 18 (I 1 — 6

- __ 49— 5

- 5 10

- 6\ -

33

A.D.

'797-

Chap. 3.

Ginger,

'The thirty—Jcventh T'car of George III.

Schedule A. x n w a n i) i>.

("Ginger, of the Well Ia:li: = , not L’ritifr j piunuticm, the pound

i ———of die Englishi plantations, vir't. schedule C.

- , gieen, vide drugs.

Ucjumjco, the hundred weight, cnntavn ing U ilb.

- Juice, cr bull, the pound

From Great Britain. BririCViv Foreign.

J.

i. ii.

Mace, the pound Nutmegs, the pound Pepper, the pound

Piamcmo, the pound, (vide iUicdu'e C.)

Prunes, the hundred wt. containing I ‘2lh.

*c 1----- in foreign ft.ins

o '

a I ftaifinsof all forte, the hundred weight

O|com^ioing n;lb.

hoof sugars, rcfnied, not being bnH.'rd am! all candy, being of ih- nunulac turc of Gre.tr llrhdn, for ctery hundred weight, ccouining iwlb. fuule lbs.

Sugars, refined, called bollards, ami all ground and jmwcVrtd ref,nett, ;.i*J il! refined loaf sugars broken in pieces, for every hundred weight tl^r-jf, com,hiving i i: futile lb*.

I From r/he Count rhs.

c-

s. tL

Mufcovjtio,

-xmit.-,

I Vide ichedules

l>, ;iud C.

Gunpowder,

(befitted, J

SCorn-pmv.Vr, the hundred wt enmaining U2ib.

vocat. I Serpentine, the hundred wt. cu.t-L. tainiiv i \ lib.

Camels hair, the pound

Hair, ' Elks hair for saddles, the hundred wt. vocat j containing if:th.

k Goats hair, the 11 ;lb.

Hair bott'r.w, for sieves, the groce, containing twelve cloven

Halberts, gilt, the piece

- , ungilt, tire piece

Hammers, the cloven

- > vccat. horsemen’s hsmmcif, tin

dozen

- 5 to 6

______, I

i

- 3 a 3

- I .31

-9

8X 1 11

-911 — 11 S

3 ! 2 1 7 3 29-

a J 2 5 1 i 2 6 3 )

- i~ 3 7 ~ 3 10

10 — j 11 10 — .11 IC

I 1 i" 1 1 - 1 3

5 I- 2 10 — 3 t

1 — 8: —9

s ~ 10 — r i

I 5 2 10 t— 3 1

' For importation cf Cinnamon, Clover, Iv<,-.c-\ r.:h. Nutmeg*, \:Je :i >/. G .'.FI, f-.p. 25, raid cor.li.iued by Geo. III. cap.?.;.

IJar.dkerchrrS;

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain, liriufh. , Foreign.

I N W A R I) , S.

Ilandkerchers, nr h.imlkcrchHs,‘the dozen i—

- and further}

additional duties, according to the n the fabric.

llarncfs plates, virtu plates.

- , rotes, the thousand

Hatbands, the groce, containing twelve dozen

11,its, vocat. ftrr.w hats, vide bafts.

beaver wool, or hair, the hat

—, all other hats, rite piece

Iemp, short, dressed, the It containing 112U).

—, in foreign (nips

hriton or flee! hemp, and of dreflbd hemp, the hui tailring i nib. -

—> in foreign drips

h hemp)-freS.

Hemp-ftKT}, free." ' > -

Hilts for swords and daggers, the dozen

Honey, the barrel, of forty-two gallons

from other Countries.

Hoops,

of all other forts, the hun*

rtrert 'weight of wood, for coopers, the thousand Hops, the hundred weight, containing i nib. Korn books, plain, t!ie grtice- -

gift, the groce

Horn for lanterns, thi thousand Horses, mares, geldings, and nags, the piece Hunting horns, the dozen Jet, the pound

Jews trumps, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Indigo, free.

Ink forjmnters, the hundred weight, contain* ring »I rib.

Ir.khorne,'the groce, containing twelve dozen

- , of ghfs, the dozen

Inkle, uml'Tought) the pound

- , wrong’-t, the dozen pounds

r. s. ,i. £ ' J- J. It.

j- 5 3 — 117 — 12 7

i} fi

_ 11 2{- 1

- ro 6 1 1 2 K)

\ li

j— ic 6 I I ’— I 2 rj

u — 43 — 4 7

1 r- 11 7 _H7 - >3

I — "* — - 17 to

U — ij9— >93

\ 6 7

i 1 i— 4 3 - 3 5 ~9-

i— 6 4 - 6 4 T 7 "*

=! "4 7' - s-

- 4 21 — 4 2t — 411

j— — i I I

t 2 — — 2 10 —

to - I 8 — I«

j— I Is j - 3 4i - 3

[—2 2 — 22 2 6

- 4 — l- 4 —

- 2 2 - 4 3 - 4 7

—* I 1 — 22 - 2 4

- 4 !i - 4 21 - 4 n

—' 6 4|- li 8 - 13 8

-14 — 26-4- —

1 6 O. — >J

1 CO U-» 1 I — 1 1 3 12

lirirumcms.

35 A.D. 1797.Chap. 3.

36

A.D.

xl')7-Chj[>. 3.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Gre; British.

;it Britain. Foreign.

INWARD S.

'Bullet fcrcws, the dozen

Incision {beers, the dozen

Instruments, p,ices or tooth drawers, the fur barbers

f.ml cl irur* 1 PuMcanes, the dozen goons,vocat. Sets, the bundle, containin teen

Trepans, the dozen funwrought, for every ton

Bachs for I

9

dred weight, the piece |—

taining 112lb.

Doubles, vide plates.

Iloops, vide hoops.

Irons, box irons, the dozen -

——, Smoothing irons, not box, the dozen

- , Stirrup irons, the dozen pair

Iron ore and cinders, tire ton - Liquor for dyers use, free.

Juice of lemons, the pipe (free if for dyers uie)

Junk, called Old Junlc, in pieces, not excei ing five fathoms in length, the ton

Ivory, unwrought, the pound

Kelp, the ton

Kcyknops, the groce, containing twelve dozen Keys for watches, the groce

ten knives

Carving knives, the dozen

Coopers ‘knives, the dozen

Cullen knives, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Curriers knives, the dozen

Drawing knives, the dozen

Glovers knives, the bundle, containing fix knives -

Penknives, the groce, containing twelvi dozen -

v

c

From oih-:i Countriet.

£ j. £. /. d. £ d.

- s — — 10 — — 11

- 7 — I I — 1 2

1 — 7 — I I — 1 2

~ — 7 I I 1 2

- 3 — — 5 — 6

!— 1 - 2 2 — 2 4

i__ a! 10 6 — 10 6 j 10 6

i 1 s ' 2 2 r 2 3

2 10 - 4 3 4 6

- 7 s - 11 .7 r 12 I

2 7 — S —4 3 6

- 1 1 — 34 2

- 71 - i 3i 1 1 5

- 6* — — <5-:- 1 — 84

- 8 S . - 16 10 - ii> 3

- 10 6 10 6 — 12 3

- ; — 1 1 — 1 3

- 3 2 - 3 a - 3 8

- 2 2 4 3 - 4 7

- 2 7 — 5 - — s 6

9

9

- 49It 12 1

- 1 1 — 2 2 __ 2 4

- 159IS 6

- 2 6 5 — — s 6

- 10 1 8 — 10

- 10 5 — - 5 6

- 3 2 6 4 — 6 ic Skeiknivcs,

The ihirlj-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

I w A 11 1) s.

1 Skvrknivcs, the dicker, containing tci \ knives -

/.Stock j ungilt, the dozen flocks . k.ii^ ty, pt0Ck5

-Done lace of thread, the dozen yards

Crewel lace, the fmr.il gtoce, contaii twelve dozen

Of gold or hiver, or fdver and gold, pound Troy or Venice weight

Geld and fdver lace, the ounce Troy

From Great Dr;t.

From other

L\ni

I

containing twelve dozen

one lace of all forts, the fma containing iiv:ecn ounces

-ace of nil other fart j, th containing fistcen ounces

containing mil).

Lad Mocks, the dozen

Latch.s and catches, iron, the dozen

Laths, the thousand

v' black latter., the hundred weight I.V.tcn, ) containing m!bs. vocat. J f]nven htten, the hundred weight f. containing 11 albs

/-the ton, containing twenty hundred \ weight

J milled, or fliects, the hundred weigh: c-ore, the ton

r of gold, the hundred leaves, contain-Leaves,) inS five fcorc

Cof hiver, the thousand leaves

i ("Vide, oranges,

i-emons, -j ’ b

i Pickled, the pipe

Limes, the barrel, (free if for dyers use)

Lime juice, the.gallon '(free if for dyers use)

British, brown or white, free. Condi-ditionally, 4 G. 1. chap. 6.

Dutch barras, and Hcflen ran-’ \ vas, the hundred clip, contain-

I ‘ d > ing fix fccrc t ' C‘l j v And further, for every i\u irt yard thereof V'ol. XVIII.

Dritifli. Fmcign. Countries.

/;. r.

4 89

~ S j —1610 - 18 3

- 12 8 1 5 2 > 7 4

- 4 3 - 8 5 —92

- 8 3 — 16 10 - .8 3

1 4 5 —

- 2 2 — 4 3 — 4 7

- I 1 — 22 —

2 12 6 7 n 6 8 1 —

- >;95 to 3 5 —

- 4 3 - s 5 —92

i-i 2 \ 3

Ch — I I — 1 2

- I — — I t

- 7 5 - 7 s — 8 1

- 7 it — 711 - 89

- 12 8 — 12 8 — 149-

- 1 1 — I I — 3

- 3 j CO 1 —910

- 7 — I I — T 2

- 2 2 - 4 3 "47

- 8 S — 16 10 - >8 3

6 6 7

-2? c

- ~ I.}9— 16 —

- Packing

37

A.D.

1707-Chap. 3.

3S

A.D.

mi-

Chap. 3.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule A. j wUt(M l!rit:in-

__________ 1 Bnt.lh. i Foreign.|Countries.

C- s.

- 11 8 — Oi

INWARD S.

"Packing canvas, guttings, and spruce canvas, the hundred ells, containing i?o

’ Anti further, for every square yard thereof -

Poledavies, spruce, Elbing or Queens-burough canvas the bolt, containing 28 ells

And further for every square yard

thereof -

# Th above) ami in every such case, the additional duty of 6d. per yard is appro-printed to the encouragement of the limit rna-nuficlure.

f , of Holland making, the

yard

15 ' I

Tabling,

] of Silesia making, the yard

rof Holland making,

’^welling and I th" yard

jK..p..aing, i0f Sildia making,

b *- the yard

Tabling

of Holland making, the j

yard

of Silelia making, the j yard

Napkins, of Holland making, the dozen

pof Holland making, the Towelling j yard

v /of ‘Silelia making, the

Niipkining,

Drillins, and packducks, the hundred ells, containing fix score

-1 , and further for every

square yard thereof

Bag Holland, of Holland making, the el! -

and further for <.c; y square

yard thertof

Linen rags, free.

Litmus, the hundred \vt. containing 11 albs.

Free if for dyers life.

Lockers, or chapes for daggers, the groce, con-. tabling twelve dozen

~ 13 8

- 6

- 3 10 41

- 6i

- 6i

- I -!

- 8',

- 6 4

- 41

- 3-;

96

- 67

- S

- 6}

6 to

- 4i

- 3J

- to 3

- 6i

' 7

- 6i

2 5

- 3 1

And for and upon all denitik towelling, napkins or cloths, made of flat or licmp. not being of the ninnuf idtiuc of Great Butaio, an additional duty of 6d. by the yard, if he lame he yard wide, or under, and of is. per yatd, :f the fame he above 00c yard, and under two vatds wide; and of as. per yard, if the fame lie two sards wide or more.

Budget

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule A.

inwards.

Budget or hanging locks, (null, the groce. containing twelve dozen

Hanging locks, large, the grocc, containing] twelve dozen

From Great Britain. British. >. Foreign.

;From other Countries.

I— 5 3

fBox, chest and cupboard locks, thej gioce

j Ilorfe locks, the dozen - {

? Spring ( double, the dozen c *°'- £ single, the dozen Stock j double, the dozen LL°cIiS' t single, the dozen Looms, called weavers looms, Tree.

Lutes 5 Cullen making, with cases, the dozer.

(. Venice making, with cases, the dozen

r Catlings, the groce, containing twelve dozen knots

Lute-firings, vide harpftrings.

Minikins, the groce, containing twelve dozen knots

fCrop madder, and all other bale madder, the hundred weight, Madder, I containing I I2lbs»

(free if Jy madder, the hundred weight; for dyers ’

- 6

use.)

containing 112lbs I'lal madder, the hundred weight, containing nzlbs.

Magnust tire hundred wt. containing il2lbs-Maps printed, the ream Marble?, for children, the thousand Match. for guns, the twenty pounds Metneglin, the hogfiiead Metal Lc.tf. except diver or gold, the pocket,

2 7

10

- 19

2 2 I 4

2 7 I 5

- 7

3 5

- 6

- 4

I

containing two hundred and fifty leaves — I

Mithridate, the pound Mortars and pi files of brass, the pound Mum, the barrel

Muslin, (plain wl.ite) the square yard

Milliard feed, the hundred wt. containing i i2tbr.

fChair nai.s, lacquered or unlacquered j the t..oul..nd

| Copp-r n\i!s, rule nails, and fuller; Nails, d nails, the Turn, containing ten thou vocar. fond

I Harness r tils, the fain, containing b teu thousand

II

- 64

- lo|

- I l

- 1 S

- 1 5

- 2 2

- 59

- 22

i 13 8

5 — 1° ----- r9

5 8

~ 1 5

- 7

- 2 1

- 16 10 10

- 8 5

- 42

_ "* 32

- 12 3 I III

- x 1

- 2 10

- 2 10

4 3

£ '

- <5 4

- 12 7

- 5

- 1 10 ~ 3 8

- 2 4

- 4 7

- 29

116 5 593

- 6 1

3 2

- 8

2 6 >8 3

- 10 i- 3

92

2 4

4 7

- 3f

13 8

4 7

Head

40

A.D.

mi-

Chap. ,3.

The thirfy-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A. Prom Grea Britishi. ' 1 Britain. Foreign. ?rom other Countries.

INAVARD b. £ x- A £. t. rf. S- ' A

rHcad nails, the barrel — 16 10 1 13 8 1 16 5

Nalls, ) Small nails, the half barrel \ocat. i Spring nails, the fflm, containing ten — 16 10 1 13 8 i 16 5

thousand y — 1 5 — 1 7

Neats tongues, of Russia, the dozen /'Sewing needles, the twelve thou- 1 a -- 3

Needles,} f"d — 49 — 10 — — 10 10

vocat. } Pack needles, the thousand — l l — 2 2 — 24

' Sail needles, the thousand 6\ — I I — 1 2

["Small nuts, the barrel — 1 1 — 2 2 — 24

Nut?, J Chestnus, the barrel vocat. 1 — i 7 - 3 2 — 3 5

I Walnuts, the barrel9— 1 5 - > 7

Oaker, the barrel -29 -29 - 3 2

0,.! urn, the hundred ivt. containing H2lbs. 3 — — 31 4f

Ore, vocat. iron ore, the ton 6 6 1!

Olives, the hogshead — i 13 s 1 \6 5

/the barrel — 59 - 9

/s . ne J the hundred bunches xJ.Uv'.Sj s I.?, the hundred weight, contain- - 19- 3 6 — 310

ing 11 albs. - S 5 - 8 5 — 910

Oranges and lemons, the thousand — — ,59— 17 6

Orclul, the hundred weight, containing iialbs. if lor dyers use, free* — - 3 2 - 3

Oil cloth, the yard - — I — — 19— I 10

'Oil of jefiamtnc, the pound Oil extracted from juniper berries, free. Oil of vitriol, free. 3; 6; -- 7

Oils, Linseed oil, or rape oil, by subjects, the ton ——-——by Grangers, the ton Seville, Majorca, Minorca, Apugha, Provence, and Portugal, by subjects, the9’5 3: 10 3 29'J 3: [0 3 2 10 5 y4 1064

ton - , by (Dangers, the ton ___—_ 1 8 2; S 1 4 S 2{- 5 1 ioi

Sallad oil, by subjects, the ton — 612 4 7 14 4s

—, by Grangers, the ton — 7 8 10 S 16 5

Greenland, by subjects, the ton — I I I I —

Oil 0 a c t j 1 —, by Grangers, the ton head matter, or other produce of whales, r other creatures living in the sea?, taken nd caught in any part of the ocean, by the re^ of any ship or vessel built in Great P>ri-tin, Ireland, or the iihnds of Gucrnfev, ev - y, or Man, wholly owned by his Ah-jfty’s subjects ufudly residing therein re-1 - I 4 2 I 4 2

The thirly-Jeveutb Year of George III. Schedule A.

inwards.

spectively, may on importation be admit to entry, and landed without payment o: any duty whatever.

NJf, For firitifn plantation and Americat ci!, vide fillet.ule C.

Oysters, pickled, the gallon

‘in Ikeans, the hundred weight

- vocat. bottom thread,the icoibs

Packthread,

f Dripping and frying pans, th Pans, vocat.s hundred wt. containing mlbs (_ Warming pans, the dozen ("Blue paper, the ream Brown paper, the bundle Cap paoer, the ream Card paper, the ream Gold paper, the small groce Prdlhig paper, the hundred leaves

Paper of all other kinds, excr.pt pipei hanging', the pound weight, avoirdu poile -

P.i'ULoard for book-, the thousand

Parchment, the roil, containing fix dozen lheus -

Peas, called garden peas, the bushel

if for (owing, free.

Pen tiers, the dozen

groce, containing twelve

Piercer bits, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Pikes,

Pike heads, the piece

‘ without heads, the piece - with heads, the piece Pincers, or plyers, the dozen Pins, the twelve thousand

Pipes,

Pitch,

voc..t.

for children, the groce, containing twelve doznn

for tabors, the dozen

fimull band, the last, containing twelve I barrels

I----- in foreign

snips

great band, the last, containing 12 bands

L ships Vol. XVIII.

-in foreign L

From Grt at Britain. iV m other

Hricifli. Forei. n. ' Countiics.

d. 1. d. P. s, d.

6 i

- 64 — 12 8 - 13 8

- 5 3 — to 6 — 11 5

- S 3 ~96 — 102

- 6 4 — 1 I — 12 8 — I I - 13 S — ' 3

31 7 Si

- I to — 2 —

8 — 1 8 — I 10

- 1 5 — 210 — 3 1

- I y - 3 2 - 3 S

2 2 __

- ' s - 1 5 1

- 55 — 1 1 - 5 5 — 6 1

- 4 3 - s S — 92

- 2 1* — 42: — 4. 7

I ' l'i

4v 6 I~_! JO

5 —910

- 7 — 4 3 — 4 7

- ,0 — 1 8 — I 10

~5 — 16 10 - .8 3

- 4 3 -4.3 — 4 11

- 64

CO O 1 — 68 7 10

- 10 2 Plain

The Mrty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A.

Planks,

Plates,

vocat.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

INWARDS. d.

Plain irons, the dozen - 3

PlaiHer of Paris, the mount, containing 3CC0 weight - - — 3

r of cedar, the foot

of England, the hundred feet, con-C taining five fcorc - — 1

'Single, white or black, the barrel, containing 300 plates

Double, white or black, the barrel, containing 300 plates

Han,efs plates, f bun(!lej contain.

Iron doubles, (_ ul® loPlal<:s Playing tables of walnut tree, the pair - " "9

fof thread, the great groce, containing 12 small groce

of capiton, the great, groce, containing 12 fniall groce - - — 4 3

of fine silk, the small groce, containing 12 dozen - - |— 3

- And for every lb. weight of silk

not of the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Ferfia, or the F.aft Indies

Pomegranates, the thousand

Pomy, or pumice stones, the ton

("Covered, the ico cast,

I taining five fcorc Pots, vocat. of I , T , , n

Earth or Hono.i Uncov.ered- >« 'c° cad, coo-taming a gallon to ever) call, whether in one not or

- 3 8 ----- ij

Points,

‘ Pots, vocat.

-Gallypots the toe, containing five score

Iron, not exceeding gallons each,; the dozen

- .8

- 3

Melting pots for goldsmiths, the 100 LAll pots and kettles of iron, the dozen Printing letters or types, the-hundred weight

f Pollies of iron,- the groce, containing ruffles,) 12dos!e»

vocat. . y of wood, the groce, 'containin;

( dozen - - J

Quinces, the hundred Rackets, the piece Raddle, thte barrel Rapeseed, the quarter

j~

496 —

- 4

- 8 S

- 6

4 —

8 n 6

- 7

- 64

- 13 8

6 4

- 6

in 6

4 3

- 10

- i

- 2

From other Countries.

'£ ' J-

1_______rt

- 4 3

- 47

- > 7

- 47

—92

- 6 i»

4 4 —

-98

- 6 3

- ir 4

—; 12 3

- ii 3

- 6 10

- 10

1 13 8 1 29

1 .5 11

- 4 7

11

- 1 3

- 2 5 Rattles

The thirty-fcve/ith Year of George III. Schedule A.

r D s.

groce, co twelve dozen

I N W A

{the

with bells, the dozen Razors, the dicker, containing ten Reaping hooks or Tickles, the dozen Regulus, the hundred weight

containing sixteen ounces Rice, vide schedule C.

dozen

for curtains, the pound

for keys, the groce, containinj dozen

of brass, copper or St. Martin the’.yoce, containing twelve

final]/the box, containing tW' twelve dozen to each groce

of hair, the groce, containinj dozen

of wire, the groce, containing dozen

every hundred weight

- , and if imported in any foreign 1

vellrl, for every hundred weight thereof

Saddles, of ftee), the piece

Sp.lHore, the hundred ut. containing nzlb. if for dyers use, free.

Saftbra, vide Barilla.

Saffron, the pound -

Salt, white of all forts,

gallons

in foreign ships

Salt, vocat. Rock salt, the ton Saltpetre, the hundred weight, cc Ji2lbs.

fframe-saws, each j Hand saws, the dozen Saws, vocat. Leg-saws, the piece

| Tenant-saws, the piece \.Whip-saws, the piece

From Great Britain. From othe

liritifli. Foreign. Countries-

/.' s. ,/. £. s.

- 4 3 — 4 7

- 5 10 u

- 2 2 - 4 3 — 4 7

st- -- 7’ 8

- 4 3 — 43 — 4 11

- 10 6 s s — ? 69

- ifi to S >5 7 6- 5

’ 8 89

- 1 3* 4

e — i n — 2 I

> 1 - 22 — 4 3 — 4 7

) — I I — 22 — 2 3

k — s 8

6 — — 11 t

3 S r — 2 7 — 2 7 — 2 7

- 28 — 2 8

- 2 2 — 4 3 — 47

- S ;_8 s — 910

- 3 2 -»« — 6 10

- 2 — — 2 — — 2 —

3 3 " — 3 -

- 4 3 -43' — 4 u

8 — ‘ 4 —s

9- 1 5 - 7

--9- 5 — 7

- 2 10 — 3 1

- II — I 2

43

A.D.

1707-Chap. 3.

La

Scales,

H . D. 707- The thirly-seventh Year Schedule A. of George III. From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign. From other Countries.

1 ' 1 INWARDS, r. s. d. £. r. d.

rfor razors, the dozen Gc'le1: ^or ^ie bundle, contaii - ""'I i"E I'O tviJe br.iTs. Scarlet powder, vide grain?. "* t - 3 3

- 5

Sciflars, the grocc, containing twelve dozen Jt. I I - 8 J —9—

Se yilies, the dozen — 2 2 — 4 3 — 4 7

Seythe-ftoites, the dozen Sea holly roots, the hundred weight, contain- if 0

ingii2ibs. -_? — " / " — 7 4

Sca-horse teeth, the pound - - 7 7 g

( f Cinque foil,- or clover, the pound ’ t Millet, the hundred weight Vide Drugs, for feeds of agnus coleus, ameos, amonii, carratvay, carthamus, coriandei, fennel, piony, poppy, and femcn tiiLipfii. , (other feeds) for gardens, the pound - 19'i - 19i\ — 2 f

Sieves of hair, the dozen — I I — i i — > 3

Sha g, duff, or hair, the yard "Vocat. forceps, the groce, containing twelve dozen for glovers, the pair — I 5 — 2 lO — 3 3

garden sheers, the dozen — 2 8 - -S 3 — S9

o for feamfters, the dozen 5 09

t/5 f new, the piir fur fl eermcn, ) < oi l, the pair llieep fiteers, the dozen ..for tnylors, the dozen — 2 2 — 1 5 — i y 4 3 — 2 10 - 1 5 - 3 5 -4 7- — 3 — t y ' — 3 !)

Sheaths for knives and foil;?, the groce , — i i — 12

Shot, the hundred weight Shruff, or old brufs, the hundred weight* con- - 7 - 3 2 - 3 S

taining U2lbs. - ~ 6 4 — G 4 — 75

Shu f mack, the hundred wt. containing H2lbs. ce, if for dyers use. 'Orgazine silk, the lb. containing sixteen ounces - - - Silk, raw, not being of the growth or culture of any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for every pound weight, con- — - i 5 - i p — I 8

S tabling twenty-four.ounces Satin silk, the pound, containing sixteen - 3i — ' 3:

ounces Silk mibs xvalle or hulks, the pound, con- ~ 4 3 — 4 n

taining twenty-one ounces T-hrcwn silk, (undyed) the pound, con- (.lining sixteen ounces Thrown silk, dyed, the pound, containing sixteen ounces - , 5 J - 3 6 — 5 3 — 4 i — 0 2 China

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

From Great Britain.; Vr BritiHi.

Schedule A.

I n w ARDS.

pChina damalk, - the yard

Cloth of gold, plain, the yard

- , of silver, wrought, the yard

- , of tifliic, the yard

And further, if of the manufacture oi Great Britain, Persia, or the East Indies, an additional duty per yard of

\ Otherwise, and not the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty foi cvcrv pound weight thereof

All silks wrought of the fabric or manufacture of the halt Indies, Italy, or any part or places whatsoever, the pound weight, containing sixteen ounces -

Silk manufacture, not othevwile rated, mixed with gold,silver, or both, the pound

Sheets for whitfters, the fteet

Smalts, free.

Snuff, the pound

Snuffers, not being lacquered or japanned, per dozen

f Bhck, free.

vocal.|Castile, or Venice, the hundred v/t. £ containing iialb.

Spades for gardeners, the dozen

Spangles, of copper, the thousand

Spefhcles, without cases, the groce, containing twelve dozen 'Spirits perfectly made, and not exceeding single proof, the gallon

Brandy, geneva, and other foreign spirits perfe£lly made, and not exceeding ling, proof, the gallon

- , in foreign 'hips

r. s. i. £ > (I £ a '

- s B !— (' 7

- 8 5 — s |—9w

CC — 12 8 1 '49

r I I 1 — 1 r 46

Rum, not of the Brttifli Plantations, th gallon

- , in foreign ships, the gallon

- , of the British plantations, vide Schedule C.

- 7 n

5 3

- 9

- 2 2

cm other Foreign, j C nutries.

4 4~

4 12 —

593

- 15

- 4

i 7

12 p

13 S

1 7

16 10

4 7 — 3

- 46

" 4

- 4 —

5 — 59

5 4 59

And for every gallon of foreign spirit-above the qualityof single spirits, an au-ditional duty for such spiri s to he p.ii-. in proportion to the duties payable so; single spirits of the fame denominati-m, according to the comparative <le :re" oi strength which such spirits lh.il! n ,.r to single spirits of the fame denomination.

And by 33 G«. 2. cap. 10. All shrub cr ether mixed spirits imported into this Liigd.w, shall he deemed and tahe.-i t'- be single spirits, or jpmts perfectly m, lie, ewd pay as J;ab,

Vol. XVIII. '

M

I

45

A. 0.

> 707-

Chap. 3.

Spoons

T/ji thirly-seventh Year of George III. A.D. 1797.

Chap. 3.

Schedule A.

I N W A R 1) S.

Spoons of horn, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Spungcs, vide drugs.

Standifhes, of brSfs, the dozen

of wood, the dozen

- , covered with leather, gilt, the piece

-vocat. pocket ftajHiiflkcs, the dozen

Starch, the hundred weight, containing 11 albs.

Steel, vvifp or long Reel, the hundred weight, containing 11 albs.

Stockings, of silk, the pair

- , and for every pound weight of (ilk.

not Briulh-manufacture

- , for men or women, the

p.tir

*-----, children, the pair

- , for. men or women, the

the!

t- woollen

patr

worlted

—, children, the pair -

‘Stone-birds, or whittles, the finall groce, containing twelve dozen

Blood Bones, the pound

Deg Bones,.the last, containing three-pair to the laB -

Emery Bones, vide emery.

Flag-Bones, the hundred feet Mill Bones, the piece Pumice Bones, vide pomy.

Quern C laTge> the M Bones,|small, the lait [_Slick Bones, the 100, containing five fcorc Straw hats, vide basis.

Sturgeon, the firkin

- the keg

Succards, wet or dry, the pound

Sugar moulds, or pots, the hundred, containing five score - - '

Sugars, vide groceries and schedules B. and C.

Sword blades, of Venine, Turkey, or fine blade: the dozen -

r

- , course, of Flanders-making, the

dozen

- , British, vide blades.

Table books, coarse, the dozen - fine, the dozen

From Great Britain.

Britilli.

- 1 4

' 593

- 6 10

- 3 3

- 4 3

- 2;

- 2

- 4j ----- S

- 6 4

5 —

3 6

- 17 4

- 32

- 11 2

49

Foreign.

£ '* s:

(From other|Countries.

I f. s.

- t 81 — 2 —

- 2 6 |— 29

- S

6 10

- 32

- 4 3

4 4 — -----4

’ 2j

- 8 — 4}

- 6 4

5 — S 6

I

>7 — 3

- 6

3

- 32 — 64

7 "

4 .3

- 6 8 n

3 0

4 "

4 4 —

- 4-f

- 2f

- to

- 11

- 1 3

- 8 s

! >0

- 4 8

18 3

- 3911 4

6 10

!- s

!----- -9

- a 10

4 7

- 1

2

- 2

- 4

- 2 4

r 4 7

1 Table;,

The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grcht Brhr.in. Britishi. j Foreign. From other Countries.

Tab I N W AR1)S. es, f Playin'; tallies, of wainfept ami all & ' i- £ 1. ‘i- £. s. d.

vocat. ( other forts, cor.rfc, the pur " 7 — I I — I 2

Tac’ ccofiton, the thousand9— 5 - 1 7

Tallow, the hundred weight Tar, small band, the Inst, containing twelve d — ci

barrels - —, in foreign ships , Great band, the last, containing twelve — — 3 - - 3 IO - 5 3

barrels ——— , in foreign ships — - 5 3 — 6 5 - S9

Tarras, the barrel - - s 8 — —9

Tea green, for every pound weight thereof - black, bohea, or other tea, for every pound — — — C-j -

weight thereof - — And if the fame fhr-11 have been purclvaf-ed at the Kali India company’s falcin London for an higher price than two shillings per pound weight, then an additional duty of one penny-halfpenny for every six pence Britishi that shall be paid for the same, above the fair fumor p*ice of two shillings Britishi at fuel sale: and if the same shall have been ptirchafci as aforesaid for an higher price than four Ihii-lingsper pound weight, than a further addili onal duty of two-pence over and above the salt additional duty of onepenny halfpenny foreve ry sixpence British that shall be paid for the same above the said sum or price of four shillings Britishi at such fide, the price thereof to be inserted in the cocket, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books 0 the East India company.4 - Ak

Teazels, the thousand 2 2 2

Thimbles, the thousand — 64 — 12 3 - 13 8

' Bridges thread, the dozen pounds Crofbow thread, the hundred pounds, con- — —96 —911

rt O > taming five score Of gold and fiber, vide gold. Lyons or Paris thread, the bale, contain- 7- — 14 — - 15 2

rt ing one hundred bolts — 2 10 5 CO ‘-c-i C*

Outnal thread, the dozen pounds — 6 A — 12 8 - 13

Piecing thread, the dozen pounds ~ 8 S — 16 IO - .8 3

Sifters thread, the pound — 1 7 - 3 2 — 3 5

Til ^Whited brown thread, the dozen pounds s, called pan-tiles, vide bricks. — 2 IO - 4 11 — J 3

Tinfoil, the groce, containing twelve dozen; 5 5

Tin glass, the hundred wt» containing uzlbs. j- 4- ^64 — 7 5

Tinsel, with copper, the yard I- 7 I I — 1 2

- with right of gold and silver, the yard — 1 1 — 2 2 — 22

Tinfliore, die groce, containing twelve dozen 3 -- 3 — 3

47

A.D.

'797-

Chap.

M a

Tobacco,

48

A.D.

1J<irt\--rvcnlh Year of George III.

Dell<- dlilc

<)!

Prom Great Britain.

Briufli.

Chap.

R 1) S.

I Is '* t\

Tulne'o <;' ';c of Gr: liritain, N'vrth

A1 .-ii.'a. - '/"ia plantation;, iin-|

p(.;iv.r h< in ic.it bru.dn or from the piaceef givv.p-.i pound weight

——, mu: if irr.p-Tt'-f! by fi v.ngers, or by any' laws mr.v of fore:*, b’t frhj *rt to aliens duty,] t!.e:i a suri.cr duty p.T } ruml svught of Siity-Ci i:i both Caleb u inland duties o:

exeifA

Tobacco-pipes, the grccc

Tools, voi-.it. L-.'.rvi.ng tools, tl.e grocc, containing twelve dozen -

Tortoise ILell, the pound

Tray:, of wood, the fine!:, containing sixty trays

Tre..cle, Flanders treacle, the barrel -

- , of jean, the pound

- , mil futilur, for (ivory hu:tired weight]

thereof -

Trees of all forts, free.

Trowels, the dozen

Trumpets, vide brass.

Twill, for band firings, the dozen Knots

- , of gold or fiiver, the ounc:

b- 5

Foreign.

I'

- 5

fTrom other Countries.

]£. s.

Tin, of Cornwall and Devonfldrc, unwroughtJ tl.e hundred weight, containing mlb. j— 4

- , Vocat. grain tin, free.

- , wrought, vocat. pewter, the hundred

weight, containing 112lb. - - — 8

Trenchers, white fort, common, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

—red, or painted, the grocc, containing) twelve dozen

Turpentine, oil or (pints, for every pound weight

Vellum, for tabic boohs, the ft in

Velvet, the pound - j

i

Verciter, the hundred weight, containing 112:l.\— 2 10

Viols, the piece - '5

Vice harps, the dozen - 3

Vices, for smiths, the vice - -9

Vinegar, the ton - - - 1 11 6

Vizards, the dozen - 2 7

‘Wax, the hundred weight, conuuing 11 Gb. I -

- , loeat. hard wax, the pound - - f— — 3

\V.hi or v.oold ftia\vf the bundled weight,]'-----

Iff.: dv.rs ufr, free.

I— 2

j— 18

4 3

i— 2 2

- 16 10 -----2*

I- J 8

2 r

> 5

- <j

4 -

8

3

- 8 j

1 6

4

7

- 0 xo

L.

U

'T1

I— 2 15 — 2 15

!-----6

I- I J '5 7 1

r 3

1— i

- 6

I 11 8 10

I

5 <i

2 8

[-----10

WhJ.ber. c.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.' Schedule A.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

INWARDS.

Whalebone, caught or cured by British or Irhi subjacls, the hundred weight

Fins of whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iilcs of Gueriiley, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects, usually redding therein respectively, are upon importation to be ad mitted to entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. Vide schedule C.

Whale-bone, not Britishi or Irish, caught and cured, the hundred weight

Whet-Hones, the hundred Hones, containing five score -

Whip cord, the pound

Whittles, cocks or bellows, the groce

- , cocks or birds of Hone, the small groce:

containing twelve dozen

Whiting, the hundred weight

Woad, vocat. islands or green woad, the ton: containing twenty hundred weight if for dyers use, free.

Woad, Tholouse, the hundred, containing 11albs.

if for dyers use, free.

'great, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty balk

- in foreign ships

f.

3

- 3 2

Note, Ml great balls cf eight inchti fqttare, and upwards, are to bt rated ana pay as timber.

£ <j Middle, under eight, and above five n inches i'quare, the hundred, contain-

—in foreign ships

Small, five inches, and under, the hundred, containing 120 balks

- in foreign ships

fBarrel, the 120 boards

- , in foreign ships'

Clap boards, the 120 boards

- , in foreign ships

Pipe boards, or pipe-holt, the !2c

boards

- } in foreign ships

3ox wood for combs, the thousand pieces Brazil or Fernnmbuco wood, Cvide sche-B* az:Jlctto or Jamaica wood, C dule C. Deals, the hundred, containing fix score

- , Being 8 feet in length, and not exceeding 12 feet in length, and not ex I ceeding in thickness 2i inches Vol. XVIII.

1 13 8

- 6

- 6

& s-

From other Countries.

- 4

- 2

5 —

- 10

- 3?

7 4 — *91 13 8

i— 4 5

L 2_

- S 6

- it

- 4

- 3 4

1 17

2 6 3

6 4

3 6

- 3 <5

>3 4

16 10

7 —

» 3

10 I I It I

6 4 6 10

- 32

1 - 9»o

Deals.

Toe tliny-Jevsntk I ut of Schedule A.

III.

INWARDS.

Denis the hundred, containing'fix score

- , in foreign ships

- 3 inches

- in foreign ships

- 3 { inches

in foreign ships

- 4 inches

in foreign ships >41 inches

in foreign ships

cecding in thickness 2£ inches

- in foreign ships

- 3 inches

- , in foreign ships

3! inches - -in foreign fiiips -4 inches

in foreign {hips inches in foreign ships

cecding in thickness 2- inches

- , in foreign ships

- j 3 inches

- } jj, foreign ships

- , 3 ! inches,

- f in foreign ships

- , 4 inches

- , in foreign ships

- t inches

- , in foreign ships

cecding in thickness 2-J inches

- , in foreign fiiips

- , 3 inches

- > in foreign ships

35 inches in foreign ships inches

From Great Britain. British. I Foreign. 'From oth? Countries.

£ ' i- £ A £ ’ d-

- 12 8

- 9' — 10 8

- 13 8

—910 — 11 6

- 14 s>

- 10 6 — 12 4

- IS9

- u 3 — >3 i

- i<5 10

- 910 — 11 6

1 — 108 — 126

- 16 —

- 11 6 — 13 6 - 17 3

—12 4 — 14 S

- iS s

- >3 3 — ij 6

- 19 s

- 11 4 - 13 1

- 16 11

—* 12 I — 14 2

"3* CO JL

- >3 — — >5 3

' — 199

___ — '3 11 — 164 I I 2

- 14 IO - ’7 S

I 2 7

' - 12 7 — 149

- 19 —

- 13 8 — 16 —

- 1 — 7

- 14 8 - 17 2

I 2 2

*59t - 13 j Dm

*Wood.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

f JJeals the hundred, containing fix score

- , in foreign ships

41 inches

—in foreign ships

—Being 18 feet in length, and note: ceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2? inches

in foreign {hips

- , 3 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , in foreign ships

- , 4 inches

——, in foreign ships

- :---, 4? incites

- , in foreign ships

ends, the hundred containing fix score

- , Being under five feet in length, a

not exceeding in thickness i\ inches

- , in foreign ships

3 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3^ inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 4 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 4^ inches

- , in foreign ships

ing in thickness 2\ inches

in foreign ships

- , 3 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3-'- inches

- - in foreign ships

- j 4 inches

in foreign ships -, 44 inches in foreign ships

PVpm Great Ifritaiiv British. 1 Foreign. From ot Countrk

£ ,1. £ ' £- ' 1

> 3

- 169- ip

> s

- 14 — — 16

- 52 — ‘7

I 2 I

- I64 - i9

1 4

- "7 6 I —

1 6

- i5 p I I

6 < \ 1 8

- 2 I — 2

- 3

- 2 3 — 2

- 3

- 2 6 — 2

- 3

_ — 28 3

- 2 10 —. 3

- > — 4

- 2 IO - 3

- 4

- 3 " — 3

- 4

- 3 3 — 3

- a. — 4

- 3 <5 — 4

- s

- 39 — 4

<— 5

- 3 5

i

3

s

s

Ebony

5a

A.D. 1797. Chap. 3.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Gre Britishi. at Britain. Foreign.

INWARDS. £ ' d £ i-

’Ebony wood, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs. - 49

- If of Africa, and imported from

thence or from Great Britain, unninnu-

faflured, free.

Fire wood, the fathom - — I I — I 1

in foreign ships

Fustick,

Logwood,

Red or Guinea wood, " Vide lchcdule C.

Speckled wood,

Maftsi capfavens, being boat mads ol

twelve inches circumference in the mid-

die, the hundred, containing fix score 1 —1 CO UH — 7 8i

in foreign ships —

for ships, small, the mail - 1 3 — 1 3

- , in foreign ships -

middle, the mast — 2b- -2 3.

lit iu IL t *mr'

great, the mast -64 - 6 4

—, in foreign ships —

Oars, the hundred, containing fix fcorc — 184 — 18 4

- i in foreign ships

Spars, boomr, the hundred containing 120 - 4 11 - 4 1.

—, —,.t in foreign ships

small, the ico, containing fix fcorc — 22 — 2 2

ships

Cant, the hundred, containing fi.\

- fcorc - ' '3 3 1 '3 3

" — , in foreign ships - '

Staves, viz. barrel staves , pipe staves, head-

ings, or other-staves for making c.dki

for every thousand, at* fix score to-the

hundred - — -i —i — I

Sweet wood of the West Indies, the hum

dred weight, containing it2lbs. - 28

Timber, the ton or load, containing fifty

feet - 19 — '9-

- , in foreign ships -

Trunnels, the thousand - — 2 1 — I I

Wainfcots, the-hundred,-containing flx

score 3 '3 6 . 3 '3 6

?rom 0 tlier Countries.

£. r- d.

- j

- 1 3

- 1 7

-9—

- it 7

- t 4

- 1 J

- 2 10

- 32 -63

- 7 J

1 I — 1 & 3

- j 6

- 6 S

- 26 -32

1 13 10

I ij —

- 1—|

- 3 1

- 2 6

- ' 3

3 '7 —

4 4 — Wool,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Gre Biitifli. it Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. Wool, of all forts, free. £ A d. k ' £ A d

'Dagger and quartern wire, the pound Iron wire, the hundred weight, containing 4* Si pi

V H2lbs. ... And further, (except Britishi 01 French) for every one hundred pound} ~ 5 3 - 5 3 — 6 2

> 4 u u weight Latten wire, the hundred weight, contain- 2 12 6 2 12 <s

is ing 11 albs. ... — 10 6 I I I 29

Steel wire, the pound 3! 89

Strafborough wire, the pound —99

Virginal wire, the pound 'Cable yarn, the hundred weight, contain* — 46 S -; 1

ing 11 albs. - -——Camel or mohair yarn, the pound II — 2 — 2 2

containing sixteen ounces 3t — r~ 3x — — 4

r the pound ___.) 4 if 2

rt y Cotton yarn, '{of Tutkeyj the pound Grogram yarn, the small pound, contain* — -—id

c ing sixteen ounces Raw linen yarn, Dutch or French, the 3* 3i

fH pound - ai — — 3

Seal yarn, the pound - i — — 12

Scotch yarn, the pound Spruce or Muscovy yarn, the hundred wt. -- ti -

containing ii2lbs. - - Woollen and bay yarn, the hundred weight — 3 '0 — 4 1

L containing iulbs. — 7 — — 7 —- — 32

Note. An additional duty of six pounds per centum, to be paid orl the full amount of the said duties, (except sugars), if imported by retailers or consumers.

Voi* XVIII.

Schedule

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule B.

54

A.D. 1797.

Chap. 3.

No. I. A Tabic of the Net Duties payable upon all "Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty, or otherwise.

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on due Exportation of Wines, except to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

No. III. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of East India Sugars, and of all Sugars, not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or of the Manufacture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof.

Schedule B. No. I.

- For every Tun of Wine imported,

Duties on Wines. If not subject to Aliens Duty. If subject to Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. ' Unfilled.

INWARDS. French wines x. d. £ ' £ s, i.

S4 7 2 50 u—ic 56 411 52 6 8

Portugal and Madeira wine, Spa-nish and Canary wine, and all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Na* pies and Sicily 35 2 2 32 r4 — 36 7 9* 33 if* 2

llhenifli wine 29 7 Id 7 '16 19 ti 3= >943 28 7 iii

All other wines 29 18 4 J 279—J 3' ’3 4,’ 29~ 7

Note—An additional duty of six pounds per eemum to be paid on the full amount of the said duties if imported by retailers or consumer*.

Schedule

The thirtj-fevsnth Year of George III.

55

A.D. 1797.

Schedule B. No. II. c|iaP- 3-

Drawbacks on every tun of wine exported, except to the British plantations.

Drawbacks on Wines. i Not having -paul Aliens Duty. Having paid Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. French wine £ ’ d. 50 17 a| 1 £ ' 479— i £ ' ;r n 8 £ / i 48 2 J

Portugal and Madeira wines, Spanish and Canary wines, and all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples anc Sicily 30 2 2 hi 00 1 29 14 43 27 16 2

All other wines r+f 0 1 co 21 12 II 239‘°i 21 !2 n

- " —tmam

Schedule B. No. III.

Duties.

Duties

sl.sg

CV- u n

%s.<%

e " c" Wg-'S.i

K?i5i -=41«

«3 §1 I

s §

° S S'Su

I 3 s5

£ g 0*5 ,1

« 3 *3 U 1 &CT3 V C-

d Drawbacks on East India, and all Foreign Sugars. Except from Great Britain. On imports-uon from Gt. Britain, and dn aback on exportation.

INWARDS. £ < d. £. i.

Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing ii2lbs. - 1 12 !§ 19ni

White, the hundred wt. containing mlbs. Refined, the hundred wt. containing nalbs. 293i = S 31

S <S Joj 4 17 84

Sugars, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof British money, according to the gross price at whidr such sugars shall have been publickly sold at the East India Company!s sale in London. 40 19 3i

Aml an additional duty of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny on every hundred weight thereof, containing U2lbs*

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III. A.D. 1797.

Schedule C.

'No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Britishi Plantations in America, or the West Indies,

whether imported directly from the saul Plantations or from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

No. II. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom therein enumerated, to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. III. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in America, or Settlements on the Coast of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the Britishi Plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported from thence,

;No. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins, and Teas, to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof to the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the Britishi Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively.

'No. VI. A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies.

'No. VII. A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa

Schedule C. No. I.

IDutyonimporta-uon from America or the West;: indies.

Dutyon importation from Great Britain, and Drawback on exportation.

Allies, Pot or Pearl,

INWARDS. \£- S- J-

imported with proper certificates, free, but on failure thereof, the hundred

~ 1 5<

Blubber, vide oil. Ccchi11c. 1l, free.

t

£ a. i.

Coffee,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule C. TSTo. I.

Dutyonlwporta-lio" from Ainr-ricnoriiK West Indies.

INWARD S.

Coflee, the pound -

Nole, Upon pM,:g down 3s. 6d. for every hundred iveigtty and j< cut iny the runaimUr oj duty, coffee vufi he nvnrchouseu in like manner^ and under tie Janie regulations as iohaccoy subject also to 6d. per pound excise duty.

Copper ore, the hundred weight Furs, vide skins.

Ginger, the hundred weight, containing nalbs.

Groceries, «[ Piamemo, the pound

Rice, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

-Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, the hundred weight Hemp and flax, free.

Hempfeed and flaxfeed, free.

"Cow or ox hides, tanned, the pound Elk, vide flans.

of horses, mares or geldings, in the hair, the piece

- , tanned, the pound

- II II

7

- 6\

Duly on Imports- lion fioni Great Britain, and Dr'.whack on F.\j > u->Mon.

57

A.D.

>797-ClKip. 3.

Indian hides, undressed, the piece

Loth hide6,the pound

Raw or undressed, of fleers, cows, or other cattle, except horses, mares or geldings, free.

Hops, the hundred weight -

Indigo, free.

Iron, unwrought, Pig, or Bar iron, free.

Molasses, the hundred weight

of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any flapping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in fuel) shipping, the tun, containing 152 gallons

of Greenland and parrs adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in shipping t .-bulging to Great Britain or Ireland, the tun, containing 2y2 gallons -

g of Newfoundland, and like fort, of British or Iriflt Billing, the tun, containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by flopping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in such shipping, the tun, containing 252 gallons

of Neu fnundlttnd, and like fort, taken by (hlpoinp belonging to any of his Maj. fly’s colonies or plantations, and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain of Ireland, the tun, containing . 252 gallons -

P

9l

5U

6 S fli

- 3 3

- 16 8rL

- '3 2c

1 8 Ih

- U 4j

d.

6

4-

2?;

- S‘t

3r

- 2 104

- 13 Jf

5 A

1 5 4A

—9

Pitch

58

A.D.

'797-Chap. 3.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Dutyonlmprrta-’ Dutvon fmpert-.

tion irom Am* - tion Irom brost

Schedule C. No. I. rica or the Well: Indies. Britain, and Drawback on ‘ Exportation

INWARDS. £ d- £ ' <1-

Pitch and tar, the lnft, containing 12 barrels, each bar- j

rel net exceeding 31^ gallons — II 11 — 10 6J.

Rofir , the hundred weight — 1 8’o - 1 8:V

Rum vide spirits.

Sago powder, or vermicelli, free.

Silk, raw, imported with proper certificates, free. Arinin orermin skins, undrefTtd, the timber, containing 40 skins - — H II — 10 10

Badger skins, undressed, the piece 7 A <5;

Bear skins, white, undressed-, the piece - Bear fleins of any other colour, undressed, the — II 11 — 10 10

piece - —; It; — 55

Benvtr skins, of the produce of his Majesty's do-

niinious in America, for every five fcorc skins —9T —

Beaver wombs, the piece Buck or deer skins, undressed, and buck 1 s'd —

or deer skins, Indian half-dressed, > the (kiu - 3 2J

Cilab.ir skins, tawed, the timber, containing 40

skins - — 2 5\

Calabar skins, untawed or undressed, the timber,

containing 40 skins - — Ill} — I pT

s Calve skins, tanned, the pound —

> Cat skins, dressed, the hundred fleins — II II — 10 10

a Coney skins, the dozen 3’-’ 3'.

0 Deer ikins, vide buck skins.

rt in Dog fish fleins, undressed, the dozen — 2 2 — I IOi

15 Dog skins, undressed, the piece — It? 'ih

Elk skins, the (kin - - 4r 4t

Ermin, vide armin. Fisher skins, undressed, the piece Fitches, undressed, the timber, containing 40 — 1 — I 4;

skins - - — 3 n’ — 3 7i

Fox skins, black, undressed, the {kin 2 19 7 2 14 2

Fox skins of all other forts, undressed, the (kin 4} —* 4 —

Goat skins, tanned, the dozen Goat skins, raw and undressed, free. I I 8 —

Hare skins, undressed, the 120 skins 11: i io£

Hufle skins, undressed, the {kin — iii

Kid skins, dressed, the hutidred, containing r

score - . r 6 9} — 12 25

Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, containing 5 fcorc . b - I I — jo* - 91

Skins and Furs, vocat.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. I. D'jtyonLnpor'!- Ducyoirmporta* tion from Amc- lion from Great ric.i cr the West Britain, ami Indies. ( Drawback on 1 Exportation,

I N W A R D s. £ ' £ x. J.

fLamb ikins, undressed, in the woo), the 120 — 2 n t - 2 84 '

Lamb skins, drcflV.il in alltim, the hundred, containing 5 score - >5 l°5 - }l

Lamb (kin?, dressed in oil, the hrodred, containing 5 score 138; 1 3 si

Slink lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 — 1 59 ~ 1 4?

Leopard fleins, undressed, the piece — 7 $rt ~ 6 9k

Lion ikins. nndrefled, the piece_2 nj — 2 8

Martins or mar’rons, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins 2 19 7 2 14 2

Martins or martrons tails, undressed, the 120 — II II — 10 IC

Mink skins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 skins - - 1 3 IO I i 8

Mink skins, untawed or nndrefled, the timber, containing 40 skins - — »7 >o» — 16 3

Mole skins, undressed, the dozen *9 —

Moose skins, undressed, the piece — 2 ii| — 2 8;

Arufquaflt ikins, undressed, the hundred /kins — >4 l°i — 13;

Otter skins, undressed, the piece - 1 6.', — I 49

Ounce skins, undressed, the piece — 3 9l — 3 4i

Panther ikins, nndrefled, the piece - 5 "i — 5 5

Pelts of goats, d re fled, the dozen — 2 n| - 2 89

Pelts of goats, undressed, the dozen — 59 — I 4i

l’elts of all other forts, undressed, the hundred — 8 tt i - 3 Ii

Racoon skins, undressed, the hundred skins — 14 >o| — 13 61

Sables, undressed, the timber, containing 40 ikins 8 1898 2 6

Sables tails, or tips of fables, undressed, the piece 7’z — d:

Seal skins, free. Sheep ikins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen I0j — 9}

Sheep fleins, dressed in oil, the dozen — 5 ’} — 28j

Sheep skins, otherwise dressed, the dozen — a 8i- — 1 94

Squirrel skins, undressed, vide Calabar skins. Swan fleins, undressed, the piece — nji 109

Tyger skins, undressed, the piece — 2 nj - 2 85

Weazel skins, undressed, the 120 it:; 109

Wolf skins, tawed, the piece — 8 Ii| — 8 i9

Wolf ikins, untawed or undressed, the piece — 6 10* — 6 2|

Wolverings, undressed, the Jkin — 3 9i — 3 49

1 Spirits,

The thtrly-sevenib Year of George III.

' Duty onlmporta-Duty onlmporta-

Schedule C. 'No. I.

I N W A R D S.

Spirits, rum or other spirits, the gallon

And for every ga'lon of foreign spirits above the quality of fmglespirits, an additional duty for such spirits, to be paid in proportion to the -duties payable for singlespirits, according to the comparative degree of ftrctigth which such spirits shall bear to fugle spirits of like denomination.

Sugars,

r'Mufcoyado, the .‘hundred weight,.containing \ iiaibs.

vocat. [White, the hundred wt. containing mlbs.

vRcfined, the hundred wt. containing i nibs.

Sugars, not being the growth of the British plantations, or of the manufacture of Great liritain, vide Schedule 13.

:Bounties on export of sugars refined in thisking-dom, vide Schedule F.

Tar, vide pitch.

Tin, unwrought, free.

Tobacco, vide Schedule A.

Turpentine, the hundred weight

Of British) or Irish iishing, imported in ships be# longing to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight -

Of Britisht nr Irish fishing, imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight

6 inches in diameter, and under 3 inches, the mad .-

inches in diameter, and under 12 inches, the mail

t\

i

n J

n

r6 i|8 i:

12 inches in diameter, and upwards, the mail -

LYards and bowsprits to pay as mads. Brazil, or Fernambuco wood, the hundred wt. Brazilletto or Jamaica -wood, the hundred wt. Fnstick, the hundred weight

Logwood, the hundred weight

Nicaragua wood, the hundred weight

Red, or Guinea wood, the hundred weight

Wood, not otherwise rated, the hundred wt.

But if for dyers use, and regularly imported, entered and landed, free.

All wood for dyers use, imported from any place whatever, free.

lion from Arne r»ca <,r ihc West Indies.

£ '

- 3

n

- 18 ill

2 19 7

99i

- 3

- .7

75

sj

® 3$

3 10 i’i

- to*

it it

Si

9t

tion fr.in Great ilriiain, and Drawback on

Exportation.

i.

- 18

I II

5 A

- i

I 12 6

- 16

- 3 4J-t

- 6 Si-

Sapan

"Wool. Wood, vocat.

The thirty-fiventh Year of George III. 61

Schedule C. No. I,

Du*?onim|'orta- Dntyonlmporta- f\, J),

lion from Amo lien from Great

liesi or the\\\ft Britan, ami *79

Indies. . Drawback on Chap. 3. ! liAj'oiuiion.

1 N W ARDS.: fy & f4> s. ti.

"Sapan wood, mahogany, or other wood, the product of any pan of America, or die Welt In-<lh.-, free. Wood plan', wreught timber, except malts, yards, or l ow fptiis umvrougl; tunbir or lumlvr, the growth or product of An mica, or die West Indies, and imported directly from dunce, or from Great Britain, free. ' Speckle wood, of the growth of Africa, which shall be imported from thence, for every hundred

weight thereof - 49' .’

- , and if imported from Great Britain — 4; i'i

P Beaver, free. —cut, and combed, the pound I O

Cotton, free.

Schedule C. No. II.

Dtf T*.

OUTWARDS.

Allum, the hundred weight, containing ii2lbs.

Fur, called grey rabbit fur, or coney hair, the pound

Glue, die hundred weight, containing inlbs.

Hides, calf skins, kid skins, tanned or tawed, and not dressed in oil, and (hcep lkins tanned for gloves or basil, the hundred weight

Hides, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Hops, the hundred weight, containing 11 libs.

'The ton

Ordnance, the hundred weight, containing inlbs. Old iron, the ton -

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

I-

Wrought, viz.—adzes, axes, hatchets, armour bits, knives, locks, fowling pieces, muskets, pistols, feiflars, Uirrnps, all carpenters and gravers tools, jack wotk, clock work, and all ironmongers wates, perfectly manufactured, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

J^acts of all fortr, the hundred weight, containing it2lbs.

/. ti.

1 —

to

6

> 3!

I 6 6 8 1 — 6 8 - 6

6

3

Vol. XVIII.

O

Schedule

62

A.D.

'/)/ Ciwp. 3-

The thirty-jevcnih Year of George III.Schedule C. No. IL

-10 if T r.

O U T W A R 1> S.

Kids hair, for every 2os. value thereof on oath Lapis cahminaris, the ton

Lead, call or uncart, the fodder, containing twenty hundred wt. Lead ore, the ton

Litharge of lead, the hundred weight, containing ti2lbs. Logwood, free.

Parchment, the dozen

pCalf /kins, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Black coney flans, with or without silver hair, for every fix score /kins -

Coat skins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix fcorc /kins

Gout skins, tanned with f for every fix score skins -fumade, to resembled

Spanish leather, I f*» every pound weight f the hundred, containing (i.\ score t , tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hun-

r.

- J % \ died weight \ /

J tanned for gloves or bafils, the hundred weight

n

to

dressed in oil, the hundred weight

tawed, nnd^not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight

tanned for Roans, and not dressed ill oil, the hundred weight

-dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Pelts, the hundred, containing five score

All pieces or parts of skins, tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

AH pieces or parts of skins, dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

And besides, the hundred weight

£ r Hard, the hundred weight, containing mlhs.

« J

J? I die barrel

C new, the dozen

>Yool cards, <.

( old, the dozen

Woollen doth, white, called broad cloth, the piece

And also the several goods and merchandizes enumerated in Schedule E. (and not in this Schedule C. No. 11.) are to pay duty re-Jpectively as therein mentioned.

cl

- 1 —

- 22

- i 7\

1 -8 —1

- 2 iOf I I 8

- 10 —

4s

- 2 8i

- 4* St

- 10 ii

- 5 2?

- 7 9l

- 11 2 i

- 3 7t

- 3 —

- *1-

- <5 21

r-----.6

- 6

3 j

- S

Schedule

7be thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule C. No. HI.

63

A.D.

D vty.

‘797-Chap. 3.

0 U T W A R D S.

I'cr every gallon of Tingle rum or spiriis of the produce of the I3ri-ciib colonies or plantations -

: For every gallon of single trimly, or geneva, or foreign rum For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits, single — " —

For every.gallon of rum or spirits, of the British colonies or plantations, above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to —

i-For every gallon of brandy, geneva or foreign rum above proof, ‘fo much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to — —* —

: For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to -

£ t. <1.

- iot!

- 5:;

- SrV

- 7 *3

- 8 io£

9—i

1

Schedule C. No. IV.

outwards; ^£. s.

'Cotton wool, of the growth or produce of America or the Well:

Indies exported from this kingdom in any other than British or Irish shipping, navigated according to law, for every iool. value thereof .— — 5 *9

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Beaver woo] or wombs imported from the British colonies or plantations in America exported from this kingdom, for every five -score pounds weight thereof — — g q

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

d.

6\

Schedule

:6 j The thirtj-fventh Year of George III.

A.D.

*797- Schedule C. No. V.

Clu;,. 3.

drawback S.

'The wbfllt i.Utus paid OJ1 in pon.-ti* n o! caldera nrd rr.uf litis m be cray n b.n.1: m* nue \y vt to rr' Dni.fli sti* -ma t on the coall vi A'nca, wumu ll.iec ve^rs ..Her in -j.ur: tin. red.

! ut if exported without being printed, painted, il lined, <r tiyed ii Or a Britain, tlurt jli-ll he p.iid over and hove riit impvr; duties for cvt ry icoi, value thereof —

*1

Aecording to the gross priceat which such gm dc fli iH have been pui-ln kiy Uld at the E.dl India ct iv.pnny’* lilies, and so in pri portion for any greater or less value.

If exported to any British plantation in America or the Wcfl Indies, withoui being primed as afon-said, i’o much of the import duties Hull be retained upon every rocjh value thereof as Hull amount to ——

0

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or Id's value.

But if painted ns aforesaid, and exported to the British plantations in America or the West Indies as aforesaid, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every 100). value thereof as shall amount to —

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so \ in proportion for any greater or less value.

The whole duty paid on importation of teas shall be drawn back on due exportation to any British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, within three years after importation thereof.

If exported to any Britishi settlement on the coast of Africa, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to —-

S ‘According to the gross price at which such teas shall have been publishly sold at the E.ft-india company’* tales, and so in proportion for any gru.ter or less value.

If the duties paid on the import of such teas do not amount to 13l. io'>. iod. lor every fuc?i iaoI. valu , the exporter shall pay a duty, wHdi with the duties p id tm hnport shall amount in laid sum oi tji. ios. iod. lor every such lookvalue.

Duty. . s. il

2 3 4

7

10 10

3

Drawback

The ihlrty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule C. No. VI.

65

A.D. 1797.Chap. 3,

Drawbacks oil every Tun of Wine exported to the '—> Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West indies.

Hiving been imp-rt.-d in British or IrUh Skipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ A <! 7E £ s. d. -rg £ A <* TE c. A i. ,r

Trench "Wine jo u 4 4 46 16 2 12 47 i3 2 4 43 »95 4

Rhenish, Ger-manyorHun-gary wine - 25 12 — I4f 23 39Sit 22 12 6 144 20 I I g:‘T

Portugal or Madeira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and aii other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily. 32 1 7 6J 33 3 5 6t 31 1 27 n 8 —

AUothtr wines 27 7 ‘<5 Jit.2-! 18 6 —rr 2<S 2 2 1 2393 i?7

R

Dravr'.9cl(.3

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule C No. VII.

66

A.D.

f 797-Chap. 3.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Having been imported in Britishi or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled.|Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. C- ' d. iv Cm TT & 4- d. C- S. d. ,y

French Wine 35 7 — 14 3* J 4 2 32 7 2 14 2» 2 5 -!*

Rhrnifli, Germany or Hungary wine - 11 X 2 4* 8 12 10 I5;’7 8 i B 4f J 10 2 19,',

Portugal and Ma-deira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily 22 8 11 63 2096 6\ 20 18 JO — 8 6 11

All other wines '7 >3 11 I IT IS 4 6 20 8 3 1^ ‘3 25 4 19

3

Schedule

Hhe.thirty-seventh Year George III. Schedule D.

A Table of the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as are not particularly enumerated or ideferibed, or otherw.ifc charged with Duty in the preceding Schedules A.B. and C, and not by any Law prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom .-or exempted from Duty.

c7

A.D.

All apparel, artificial flowers, millinery wares, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prints and pictures, furs, all gilt, painted, bronzed and enamelled wares, threads, haberdashery, hardware, toys, laces of thread, cotton,_worded or ./ilk, all spun cotton, thread or cotton twist in fkuins or hanks anti not in cops, pickles, perfumery, and groceries of all kinds, (except sugars,) orange juice, not being for dyers use, tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp import-.ed, For everjr hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every square yard of foreign linen, a further duty of

J Trcm Gr :at Britain. F;om other

1 Britilk Foreign. jCoumrio-.

£. /. /\ s. d.

JO 70 — u 22 rs "

6\ — — 6|

All callicoes plain, and muslins worked -or figured, but not printed or stained, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every yard of such callico, z further j

duty of - - — (jx

And for every square yard of such muslin, a further duty of -

All muslins, being worked or figured, but not printed or Gained, rnmals and all other stuffs or manufactures of cotton, or of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, printed or stained, except of the minuftfturs of Great Britain, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every square yard thereof a further duty of

All china, earthen, japanned or lacquered ware, and all drugs, except for dyers use, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

6i

to JO «—

12 5 —

- i 7

1 7

2o -

All

15 1$ —

26 5 —

68 the shirtyfevemh Year of George 3II.

A.D.

Chap^ Schedule D.|l'r'5m Gr cat Britain, 1 Foreign. I From othe Countries.

All dice importer!, for every hundred pon i-Is value upon oath - [- IO K- — £ s. ,/. j i £ ' i 21 IJ —

And for every pair thereof a further duty of — IO (. I— io 6 — io 6

All foreign glass, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath — (is* j6o -

Provisions of all forts, not being groceries, including peas, potatoes, &c. for every hundred pounds'value upon oath s 5 — 5 5 — 7 —

Paper hangings, for every hundred pounds value upon oath - - - IO IO — IO IO — 12 S —

And for every ream thereof, not of the manufacture of Great Britain, a further duty of — — II I I

Plate of gold and silver, for every hundred . pounds value upon oath IO IO — 10 io — 12 5

And for every ounce troy weight, of gold or silver plate imported, a further duty of tf; 61 6!

All other goods, wares and merchandizes whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every hundred pounds of the value there* of upon oath z I o ib —|IO io — 2 5 —

Schedule

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule E.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes. therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

I Duty,

n9

A.D.

r 7 ‘17 -

Chap. 3.

O U T W A R n s.

Allies of Iiilh v/ood, the lift, containing twelve barrels ----- of all other forts, for every 2C>. value on oath

Bacon, the flitch -

- not in flitches, for every 20s. value on oath

t_T the barrel -

£3 (the carcase -

Bones, vocat. ox bones, the thousand

- not manufactured, for every 20s. value on oath

Butter, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing nslbs.

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath Calve flrns, for every 20s. value on oath Cheese, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs.

Coney hair or wool, black or white, the pound Fur called rabbits fur, grey the pound ^Furriers waste, for every 2cs, value on oath Geldings or nags, vide horses.

Grave)?, or grease, the hundred weight

Gut?, vocat. ox guts, the barrel

- of oilier animals, for every 20s. value on oath

Hams, for every 20s. value on oath Hearts and ikirts, for every 2qs. value on-oath

fHarts hair, the-hundred weight, containing n2lbs.

j Horse hair, the hundred weight, containing 11albs.

Human hm, for every 20s. value cr. oath j Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing 1 i2lbs.

Oi: cr cow h sir, the hundred weight, containing I I2lbs. Hnnfhorn, the hundred weight, containing lialbs. Heirip'ieed, the quarter, Tontaining eight bushds

[ Raw and untanned,-into Great Britain, the hide

Mules,

Raw and untanned, to any place except Great Britain, the hide -

Vol. XYIIL

£, A d.

- i s

- 1 6

- 6

- 1 n

- 6 —

- 7*

- 1 C

- 3i

Hogs,

7°

A.D.

'797-Chap 3.

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III.

Schedule E.

outwards.

H ogs, or pigs, the piece

- lard, the hundred weight -

Of bucks, the hundred

Goats horns, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

Ox horns, the thousand -

Of rams, the thousand -

Of sheep, the thousand Stags horns, the hundred Tips of horns, the thousand Horn fbavings, for every 20s. value on oath -

rHorfes, marcs, geldings or nags, into Great Bri-Ilorfts, vocal. J tain' or an)r EuBlifll PlaIltati"n> 'he piece

I----- - i ... , into foreign

I. parts, the piece

Hoofs of all forts, for every 20s. value on oath

{Cloth, flaxen or hempen, free.

Rags, or flireds, the ton Lmfecd, or flaxfeed the quarter, containing eight bushels

Manures, vide soap boiler’s wade.

Oxen, cows or fleers, the head Oysters, in pickle, the small barrel

Pigs heads, for every 20s. value on oath Pork, the barrel

Provisions of all forts, not herein enumerated or described, for every 20s. value on oath

Rape-feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels

Duty. £ ' d.

- 3 —

- I I

- 2-J

- 6

- 26

"" 1

- 9

- 33

3 s —

- 3—

" 3 3

- I 6

- 2 ’ 6

Sheep, into England, the score

’Badger /kins, - the piece

Cat /kins, the hundred - - — 1

Calf skins, vide calve ikins.

Deer skins/ the piece - — — 3

Dog skins,'the dozen -

§ Fax skins, the-piece - J

Goat skins, the hundred, containingfix score - — 10

15 Hare skins, the piece - - -; — — —3

c/5

Kid skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix

score - 3 —

Kips and runners, for every 20s. value on oath

Lamb skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix score

Ahte, la.r.h skins, and wool of lamb fiinty may be /efarately exported to Great i>/ itain, and no lamb finis, whether fink or fia:ightered3 from which the wool Jbatt not have been taken off, shall be exported from this kingdom) to any place whatsoever, under penalty of the forfeiture thereof.

Marteon

The thirtjf-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule E.

grey, jit Ltj

OUTWARDS.

M.;rteon skins, the piece

fraw, the piece

of Otter, -itiwed, the piece

Lwombs, the mantle

black, with silver hair or without, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty

seasoned, the hundred, containing fix score

stag, the hundred, containing fix score

tawed, the hundred, containing fix score

tawed, or dyed into colours, the "hundred, containing one hundred and twenty

Sheep skins, tawed with the wool on, the hundred, containing fix score -

Pelts, drelt or undreft, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix score -

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix score

Squirrel skins, the thousand

Stag skins, the piece

Swan skins, the piece

Wolf skins, the piece

'. , tawed, the piece

Slugs of horns, for every 20s. value on oath

Soap boiler’s waste and all manure, (except lime) the tou

Tallow, the hundred weight, containing ii2lbs.

Tanners waste, for every 20s. value on oath

Tongues, called neats tongues, the dozen

ITripes, for every 20s. value on oath

Tin unwrought, the hundred weight, containing inlbs.

Wax, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

Weld, the hundredweight, containing nslbs. j ton

the hundred, containing five score

i C the to;

Tarn,

{for every pack of flatutable linen yarn, containing four hundred pounds weight, at fix score to the hundred

Dm

- 5

- 1 s

1 —

- 2

- 7 4

4

1

to

6

6

2

3i

6

31

Schedule

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

72

A.D. 1797.

Schedule F.

A Schedule of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, therein mentioned, and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the-Importation of Bark, for Tanners Ule,

I Rot-: j v.

OUTWARD S.

O u "3 O 5

_2 -v v y

P. -S

3 *-*° u-

O r> *3

£ C'o -3 Js

(t

3

Cm

£; s ,-s

" i E SC t 11 V IS 0

c

rt

M S |l C ~ ~ Jj rt O u-—< &. u o

f For every yard thereof, under the value of jd.

: which flinii be exported from this kingdom

to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca

[For every yard thereof, of the value of jri. I and under the value of 6jd. which shall be j exported to any of the places aforesaid

For every yard thereof, of the value of 6U\. and not exceeding rs. 7^ d. in value which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid

! And so in proportion for any greater or left) I quantity.

0

o

The value of all such linens, callicoes and cottons, if Minted, painted, (hint'd, stamped or dyed, or of such cottons mixed with linen, whereupon they are to be jvfp«,fltve)y entitled to the hoiimie? aforesaid; to be deemed their value when in a pl.iin date, and exclusive of such priming, painting, (laining, stamping or dying.

s. l(.

O O

0 I

Note.—xemiv.iTj mid all fahricks made of linen or hempen yarn only‘to be deemed und considered as linen.

All nvaiutfaclures of linen, chcquul or striped, with any other material-than linen yarn, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and of the value of yd. the yard, and not exceeding rs. y^d. in value, which shall be exported to any of rise place's aforesaid, for every yard thereof - , 0 0 o\

And ft) in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

"Where any of the aforesaid linens (ii.ill not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches they fil’ii he entitled to and receive the bounty after the rates aforU-iid. deeming evciv nine hundred square inches equal to on« yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

All m.inufaclures of diaper?, ! uckabackp, flu'eth'trr, or iim-ns, upwards of one yard in breadth, and no: e\e*-sdi->g Kc. ~'-d. tfu.-square yard, uliich shall be exported to any ni the pi-cesuicre-faitl for every future yard thereof

And io in proportion for a greater or less questity.

5 AH

Tibs thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Schedule F.

Hou:

n a «-

- V

; o

C S J

u CL

s o >. «- u. n

c

OUT W A R I) S.

All mnnufathtre* of f.iil cloth or canvas fit for or imdo into fails, which shall be cxpoitui to any place, except Ctcal Britain, for every three ells thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or let’s quantity.

~ 2 £ fRibbor.s and stuffs made of fill: only, for every pound g*c. 2 weight avoirdupois

Silks and ribbons made of fdk mixed with gold or fllvtr, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silk stockings, cloves, fringes and lacis, and Hitching or fcwiugfilk, ferenry pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of fill: and program yarn, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk and worsted, mixed, for every pound avoirdupois

Stuffs made of fdk mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound . weight -

ffor every hundred weight of sugar containing one hundred and twelve fuitle pounds, refined in tin's kingdom, and exported to any place

Such fug.irs to be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one nnifoim whiteness throughout, and which shall h ive gone through the operation of two or more clays linee it was last in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the ftovc.

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and') twelve futtle pounds of refined sugar called bafiard, and , of all ground, powdered refined sugar, and all refined I loaf sugar broken in pieces, I

The said sugar having been twice clayed and pro- [ perly dried. f

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirr

and feum.

Refined sugars called lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried aHiough wanting the final! ends or tips, shall be deemed complete.

Books unbound, if punted on British or foreign paper, for every pound weight thereof Avoiidupoife

3 '

4 -3

i i

o S

o 6

- 16 3

73

A. -D.

1 797-Chap.

I N W A R 1) S.

For and upon every barrel of hntk, or hemlock uhirh shall be imported into this kingdom, from any country in hurope, txc.p: Great Britain

For and upon every barrel of bark, or hemlock which flisll be imported into this kingdom from America

Vol. XVIII.

T

S.hcdule

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. Schedule G.

74

A.D.

'707-

Chap. 3.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of F.rcife for and the several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

C A it D S ami DICE.

i

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cords, made, manufactured, or vended in this kingdom For and uu./n every pair of dice, made, manufactured or vended in this kingdom -

COACHES and CHAISES.

For ami upon every eo.ich, chuiot, berlin, calash or cliaife with four v/hecls, which any person shall have in his or her pofhfhon at any time between the 25th day of March 1797* and the 25th day of Manh 179V.

For and upon every chaifo with two wheels which any person shall keep in Ills or her poflcJhon at any time between the 25th day of March 1797, am! the 25th dnv of March 1798 - - 1

ctuchei, hackney coaches and chaises, and coaches, chaises and other carriafjes kept by the makers fur sale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, e:cep:ed.

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be consumed in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer thereof - - o

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture tobacco in any maimer, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a wholesale importer only, or a wholesale merchant only - 8

And a further duty of 4l. for and upon every tobacco table exceeding one table, and not exceeding fou*. tables, which any person manufacturing tobacco shall be licensed to keep.

For and upon every license to any person to deal in unmanufactured tobacco ns a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof 1

For ami upon every license to any person to fell by retail or otherwise deal in coffee, in any city or town corporate, except importers thereof, or persons licensed to fell tea cr groceries - - 1

For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any part not being a city or town corporate, except as aforesaid ----- 0

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture candles or soap for sale - - 1

For and upon every license to any perfor. to fell cr manufacture paper hangings for sale - - - 1

upon

’. /. (i. 0 1 6

0 10 0

16 (t

1 O G

o C

0 0 o o

C ' O

10 o

0 o

0 o Fcr

The ihirly-fventh Year of George III. Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

LICENSES.

r.

Jo

Tor and upon every Hcenfe to any person m any city or town corporate to lei I tea or groceries by retail - - - I o

For and upon ever/ Hcenfe to any povfon in any part of this kingdom.

nor h^i:g a city or town corporate, toil'! lea or groceries by terni! o 10 Fur and upon every lieeule to any person to fell pr tap out cider by

retail - - - ..Jo

For and upon every license to any person to fell or make any gold or diver plate for File - I o

For and upon every license to any person to keep a tan-yard or ?m*

pit, or tan leather for fuie - - to

For and upon every Hcenfe to any factor or person not being a dillillur or ltcensed as a vet liler, omc-made lplrits - 2 o

For every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, over ami above ali duties whatever - o 10

For and upon every licenseto any person to keep-.t mait-house, and make malt for file, for each and every malt-house ill Ids or her pjflcllion, ia which such-business shall be carried on - 2 0

For and upon every iicenfe to any person to keep any CofTec-house 2 0

For and upon every license to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place, and travelling either on foot or with horse or other bead of burthen, or otherwlie c.mying to fell or exposing to sale any goods, wares or mcrehamUfcs; also to travelling tinkers and ciders of iron and metal, and u persons hawking about tea or coffee for file - - - 2 0

And a further duty for every horse, afs, mule or other bead bearing or drawing burthen which such person shall so travel with or caufo to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their goods, wares or merchandises - - -20

For every person hawking about trees, finubs and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or within five miles thereof - - 20

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any (land, (tall, lhed, booth or other place, not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings - - 20

For every person felling or exposing to file within the hid city, or five miles thereof, any jiUfs bottles, not being the maker or importer thereof, and not filling wines, spirits, beer or ale - - 2 0

For every person who shall sell or expose to sale within the fitid city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, Hied, booth, (hop or other place - 20c

For every person carrying on the hufiness of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for each ami every house in which such business shall be curried on - - - so 0

RI A L T.

For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or ungrffund, which shall be made in this kingdom, of Harley, or of any other corn or ird't, from the 25'h day of March, r/07, to the 2;th day of Male1', 1 inclusive, whether the lame shall be or not be for fab*, - -95

And so in proportion for a greater or less quantity.

T 2 *Fo

75

A.D '797-

t'lup.

The ibirty-Jivinth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

76

INLAND DUTI £ S.

PLATE, wrought.

jf- ' A

Tor and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or diver plate, which Hull be wrought, made or manufactured in this kingdom - 0 0

And so in proportion for any greater or Iefs weight.

Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees and Pensions.

Por and out of every twenty fiiiilings sterling, which any person having at any time between the 25th day of March 1797 and the 25th day of March 1798 inclufivo, any salary, profits of employment, lees or pendon in this kingdom, unless such person do and firall live and ncindly reddc within tlii» kingdom for and during the space of six calendar months at Iea«l between the said time, the sum of 04s

Except fabrics, pensions, fees or profits of employment payable to any of the defeendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, and to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time king, and to his or their principal secretary of flate, and to the duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, atH the duke and duchess of Athol, tin- repreli-ntative or representatives of the late Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, and to George Charles, cfq. if his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt them or any of them from the payment of the fame, and except to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commiflidhs, the half-pay officers on the ellabiifiiment of this kingdom, and the widows of officers.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vitte, strong waters, or spirits made or distilled within this kingdom for sale, to be-paid by the salt maker or dilliller thereof - -01 6

For and upon every gallon of spirits, made or distilled from mobiles within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof - 024'/

T O , B A C C 0.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner, to be paid by the person ma-nufn&uring the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the same shall be opened - 003

CHAP.

'Ihe thirty-seventh Year of George III. CHAP. IV.

77 A.D. 1797.

An Act for [tearing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the intereji upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of [uch Principal Sams in such Manner as therein is direffed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned, and for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolielated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-fever, and for other Puipcfes.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled,-An Act for granting for one year the ft-vir,t! duties therein men family in lieu if all other duties payable upon the at tiles there-ht fycifted during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty s colonies, and fur other purposes therein mentioned, several aids and duties were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven indufive, to pay an intcrcfl for the fe-vera! Anns mentioned in an act passed iii the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for securing'tke payment of the annuities, am! of the interfl ufon the principal finis therein fnvidtd for, and towards the discharge of such principal sums it Ju.h n.cur.tr as tJ.tnin is (Undid, and jar enabling the officers of his Ma/fly's tnrfury to rev ive certain fans fer a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for granting nnh his Majesty n certain sum of money out of the Consolidated fund, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the fenice of the year one thousand fven hunnrtd and ninety-six, and for other purposes or so much thereof as fliuuld remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety. fi\, to the person or persons who lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, ad-ni'niilrators, or assigns, at the respective rates therein reflectively mentioned, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ni:v. tv-fix, without any fee or charge and free from all deductions whatsoeverj until such times as they iiu'u’.d be vefpeclivoly paid their principal money at one entire payment, and also to pay the several anm.itics ami charges therein mentioned . an i wl cr.’d. in purfu.inee of an :\l\, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's emit! :d, An <iv? foe the promot'on and encouragement of inland navigation, feve-rel fi.ithev fitm'i have been raised. Tor which fonts debentures bearing an inteall at tii r.itv of lour p< umh fee centum per annum, have been issue'd, that is to say, three h bed. pnim-.h, for which debentures bearing fneli intevefl as aforesaid, from the t'nrdrth diy of April, on: thoubuul seven hundred and ninety-three; seven hun. 'he.i on ..idi, or which debentures bearing such burrell as aforesaid, from the twenty.ih;': dr, ui September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; two thousand and one luuuirul pounds, for which debentures bearing such intcrcfl as afore-uid, fro n (lie t’.ve lty-firl'; day of October, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-

Voi- :vm. ij fiv«i

he thirty-seventh Year of George III.

p, five; ten thousand pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as afore-

- fiid, from the fifteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety- five; ten thousand pounds, for which debentures bera'ing such interest as aforesaid, from the eighteenth day of November, one thous.md seven hundred and ninety live. four thousand one hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such' filtered as aforesaid, from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-five; seven hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing faeh filtered a* aforesaid, from the twelfth day of February, one ihoufaiul seven hundred ami nine, ty-six; and ten thousand pounds, for which debentures bearing such filtered as afoie-l'aid, from the twenty-third day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, making in the v. hole thirty-seven thousand nine hundred pounds hate been lf-sued, which debentures are outdamling and unpaid; and whereas in pimunnce of a power fii the said second recited act, to raise the sum of one million two bundled and sixty-two thousand four hundred pounds; the sum of one million and (eve; tv thousand pounds, hath been ralfed and paid into Ins Majesty's treasury; for liv hundred and forty thousand pounds of which, debentures bearing an filtered at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth dav of March, cue thousand seven hundred ami ninety-six, payable at the-receipt of the exchequer in this kingdom, have been or may be issued; and for four hundred and thirty thou, fjiul pounds, of which treasury bills have been issued, bearing an filtered of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thuufan J seven hundred and ninety-six; and the treasury bills for three hundred thousand pounds of the said sum, are to pafa ami he current at the receipt of the exchequer, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and iiincty-fc.cn 5 and the treasury bills for the sum of one hundred and thirty thousand pounds, the remainder of the said sum, are to pass and lie current at the receipt of the exchequer, on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ieven: and whereas towards eflctluating the raising of the said sum of six hundred and forty thousand pounds, annuities of twenty-five shillings by the year, for each sunt of one hundred pounds, for fifteen years, from the twenty fifth day of Match, one thousand seven hundred am! ninety-six, amounting to eight thousand pounds per annum, have in purfu&ncc of the said act, been appointed to be paid to the person or persons who subscribed the lame: and whereas in pnvfuance of a power i:i another ad, p.ifled in the thirty-sixth year of his M.ijefr/s reign, entitled, An uiV/tr tvjfng the sum therein mentioned, to defray any extraordinary expcnee nihu'h nicy kin. cun a! J'.r Or pul'ic fcrv;ce, for the year to end at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven \ the lino of one hundred and fifty thousand pound?, p.ft of the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, in the said act mentioned, hath been raised and paid into his Majesty's treasury, for which linn a treasury bill was issued, bearing an intcrcil at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the sixteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to pass current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, on or after the sixteemh day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: and whereas by a refo-. lution-of the house of commons, of the eighteenth day of October, one thousand fevert huiidred.i’.nd ninety-six, it is resolved, that whatever sum'or sum* of money should be advanced or paid into his Majesty's ircafi ry, not exceeding in the whole the fu:n of five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord leutennnt, to defray such extraordinary expenses, as the then present cireuniflanevs rendered necessary, and which had not been provided for by parliament, for the ftrvite of the then current year, should be made good; such sum to be raised by U- filing debentures, or (lock of one hundred pounds, bearing an interest. not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, ami not redeemable for fifteen years, to the amount of five hundred thousand pounds, together with such annuities for each one hu mil ,d pounds, as should be. agreed on by his excellency the lord lieutenant, not exceeding

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

exceeding the lowed rate which shouM he oficred by any perfiui or personi propn* sing to pay ntuljdvance inch Aims*, such annuity to continue for fifteen year >, or by falc of annuities oi one hundred pounds each, not excelling in the whole the bum of sixty thousand pounds per a/n-mii, for fifteen years, or for one life, to the person or persons offering the great eft number of years purchase for Inch -an uitv> or partly by Killing such Slock or debentures, and partly by fide of laid annuities, in such manner as (lte.il he dircMed by his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom: an 1 whereas in pursuance of the fa'nl reload ion, the sum of tine hundred and tventy-fve tJuifand |*t utuis, filing three hundred thousinul pound? i'ti.bh currency, part of the f.ticl sum of five hundred thousand pounds, hath been fishfc ibed for in England, to be paid into his M.ijdly\> treasury in tin-, kingdom, ami hath been made tloek transferable, in iransicr boiks, agreed to be kept by the govci aors and company of the hank of England, for winch lutit Hi intevcll of five pounds ter cent, per aim. from the twenty-hfth dr.) of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, is payable in the city el London, ami the fail! bum is due and unp till; and for efieftMating the railing of the faiil Ann ol three hundred ami twenty-five thousand pounds, annuities oT four pounds fifteen IhilUngs by the year, for each sum of one hundred pounds, for thirteen years and an half, from the said twenty-fifth day of S.ptemhcr, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, am 'anting to fifteen thousand four hundred and thirty-seven pounds ten shillings, Irish currency, transferable at the bank of England, have been appointed to be paid in London, to the person or persons who advanced and paid the said sum \ and whereas the aids and duties granted to Ihis Majesty, in and by the first recited n£l, and appropriated to pay and difehp.rge the several principal bums m tile said second recited a£k, and herein before mentioned, and the iliteicft of the fame respectively, ami the several annuities therein mentioned, have not proied sufficient for such purposes- and whereas it is necessary to provide for the payment of the several principal sums at any time or times heretofore borrowed upon, or fc-.cured by debentures or treasury bills, or upon (lock, made transferable at the bank of 'England, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of M.«rib, one thousand seven hundred and niiiety-seven, together with, the iutcrefi thereof; and also to provide for the payment of the several life anmiilLs heretofore granted upon the respective sums of two hunched and fi\ty-five thousand pound.', one hundred and seventy-five t'noufand pounds, and thice hundred ihouf.md pounds; and also to provide for the payment of an annuity to the governor and company of th*. bank of Ireland, puvfuant to, and upon the terms in the said beyond routed aid mention, td, of twenty-five thousand five hundred pound;, tlje amount of the intcreil titer the rate of four pounds five shillings fur etntinn p,‘ annum, upon the sum of n\ huii-lvul thousand pounds, which iuul berti fuji'eribed upnii debentures cancelled pursuant to an art passed in the twenty-fit ft and twenty-fecoml year-, of his Majes. tv's reign, entitled, An act for faldijiing a h,ad, !«; the Katie of the governor /mil <a;w-pv:\ f the hank of Inhmd, and also to provide for the payment of the annuities granted in pursuance of an nek, passed in the tv.vmy-f.fth year of liL iU.ijeily’s reign, entitled, An act for granting to his AJtiify the jlvuud aids, dnths n.ul rales inpftk'is and taxes therein pmtieulnrjy ex/refed, to h applied to the payment of the in-tu'ej! of the sums th:\hi provided for. and towards difehtrge of the said prineip'tl fintis, rif/th manner, at ih -rein is dire clef and for such purposes as are therein mentioned, t 'V e.VccLiating the ralfnig of the fam of two hundred thousaiul pounds, in the said art mentioned, and of the annuities granted in pursuance of an act passed in the ihiny-frurth year of jus Majesty's reign, entitled, At: act for feenritig the payment of 'h- ntnuiues, and of the interest of the principal fan therein providtd for, and L wards the difeh irgc of ftttb principal sums, in such manner as therein is dr.ufted, and for a<-the of, < rs of his Majestfs treasury, to receive cci tain sums for a lity. 'Utd time, in

(J 2

79

A.D.

1707-Chap. 4-

mat,tier

8o

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A. I), wanner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his dlfaffy, a certain sum of momj ] cut of the confJidated fund, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned)

Chap (|, for the frviee of the year one thousand seven hundred and nimly-fur, and for other pur-.(y,^ pfs, for cfledlualing the raising the sum of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty pounds, therein mentioned; and of the annuities granted in pursuance of an act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, sin act fr fairing the payment of the nnmtities,- and of the interef upon the prineipaI fans threw provided for, and towards the discharge offitch principalfuns, in fuel: wanner os therein is directed, and for enabling the offeers of his Majesty's treasury, to receive certain finis for n limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and fr granting to his llajtly, a certain sum of money, out of the confdidated fund, and fr applying a ier/a.:i sum of money therein mentioned, fr the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and fir other purposes, for effectuating the railing of the sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence, in the said act mentioned; and of the annuities granted i:i pursuance of the said second receited act, for effectuating die raising the said sum of six hundred and forty thousand pounds, and of the annuities granted in pursuanee of the said resolution, for dTeftuating the vailing of the said sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds; and also to provide for the payment of the said several Aims, amounting to thirty-seven thousand nine hundred pounds, raised upon debentures, in pursuance of the said act, passed in the ‘twenty-ninth year of Ids Majesty's reign, and interdt upon the fame, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum]\ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excitant Majesty, by and with, the advice and consent of the lords spiritunl and temporal, and commons in t/iit. prdcut Parliament: assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the fever.d principal lit ms hcietoforc borrowed upon,or secured by debentures, bearing an interdt at the rate of three pounds ten findings per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectu'dy; and for the said principal sum of thiriy-seven thousand nine bundled pounds, raised in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interdt at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; and for the fevetd

Anns heieuf >re borrowed in pursuance of the said act, and in pursuance of any other act in the said ferond receited act recited, upon or ficured by debentures, bearing an intercil at the late of four pounds per centump-.r annum, which are /till out-Handing and unpaid; and for the said Aim of six hundred and forty thousand pounds, borrowed in jnirfnance of the said fit-oud recited. ft, upon or secured by debentures, bearing an intodl at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and which Avail remain unpaid on the iwviity-dftli day of March, one thousand seven bundled and ninety seven, there shall be paid a: the receipt of his Majesty's treafu-iv in this kingdom, at the end of every six calendar months, to he computed from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred slid ninety-fcvui, to the pevfon or perfous who paid or lent, or Ih.di have become entitled to the fame, respectUely, his, her, or their executor?., administrators or assigns, an iutcrcft at

the rate of three pounds ten ihfilmgs per centum per annum, four pounds' per . centum pir annum, and five pounds per iwtnm per annum respectively; and for the several Aims heictofore borrowed upon or locured by debentures, bead.ig an iir.crcft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable in the city of London; and for the sum of one million one hundred and ninety-one thousand fix humfied and fi\ty-!i\ pounds thirteen II,filings ami four pence, Irish currency, subscribed for and paid at the bank of England, and nude Hock transferable there; and for the said lum of three hundred and tweotv-five thousand pounds, also mule Hock tram-fciable at the said bank, tluiv Ih.ul be paid in the c‘ty of London, at the e.:d of - <'\av fix mjiithr, w be ecirputed Aom the twenty-fifth day of M..reh> one

r thousand

The thlrty-feimth Year of George III. 8 i

the tfand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the person or persons who paid cr A. IX lent, or shall have become entitled to the fame, respectively, his, her, or their c\- i yt)/. ccutors, administrators or assigns, an interest at the rate of five pounds pet- ar.ium, Chap. 4. per annum, Irish currency; such interest to be paid without any fee or charge, and w free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they Hull be rTpcclively paid their principal money, at one entire payment.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several life annuities heretofoic printed to the fever.il subscribers who advanced ami paid the said thice fcural films of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, and one hundred and feveaty-five thousand pounds, and three hundred tho faml pounds, into his Majesty's trea-Any, shall and may be regularly paid to the perfotis thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the fevc-ral acts heretofore made concerning the same, respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid annuity or yearly sum of twchty-fne thousand five hundred pounds, shall be regularly paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as the lame shall become due, according to the true in ent and meaning of the said second recited act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities granted in pursuance of the said recited act, passed in the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign, and the several annuities granted in purfance of said act passed in the thirty-foui th year of Iris present Majesty's reign, and the several annuities granted in pursuance of the said utl passed in the thirty-fifth year of Ins Majesty's reign, and the fever.1!

annuities granted in pursuance of the said second recited n£t passed in the thirty-ft Nth year of his Majesty's reign, and the several annuities granted in pursuance of the said resolution of the eighteenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, be regularly paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of thi>

kingdom, and at the city of London, accordingly as the same shall ha\c been respectively agreed or appointed to be paid, to the persons thereunto respelliv.ly entitled, as the fame Hull become due, according to the true intent and meaning of 1J10 n£ts, respectively.

V. And be it further cmdted, That for the principal-sums at r.uv lime heretofore borrowed upon or secured by treasury bills now outllamling and un d, and which are not yet current to any receiver or collector of any revenue, aid or lav -in this kingdom, bearing -an interest of two 'pence halfpenny by the dav for each one hundred pounds, and three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, and five pounds per cent, per nnn. and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-f-ven, there shall b? paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the person or persons having paid the fame, respectively, his, her, or their executors, adminilhv.torj and a/Jigus, an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day, ami three pence by the day for every 011c hundred pounds, and five pounds per centum per antrum, according to the tenor of such treasury bills respectively, without any fee cr charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their puu-cipal money, at one entire payment.

VI. Ami whereas the treasury bills which have been i ITued for the sum of fifty thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a power in an act passed in the shirtierJi y.vr of his Majesty's reign, entitled An ail fior granting unto his Ifyrfiy the fiv:rt:l aids, cLtfies, rates, hnpfiitms and taxes therein particularly exprjjid, is le affiled to tiefay-nrnt f ih: inter,-fi of the principalfitnns therein providedfi,»\ and ton-aids the dfhatge <fi the said principal fin ms, in finch manner as therein is ds reeled, and fit:-fitch o’her pu: fifes as are therein mentioned: bearing a t in:c eft at the rate of two panes halfpenny by the day for each one hundred po inds, from die twenty-fourth day of June, me

2

The tlirty-Jcventh Year of George III.

D. thous.mil fsvcn hundred and ninety, arc, if not paid ofi* on or before the twemv-71)7* day of June, one ihoufund seven hundred and ninety-seven, to be received,

ip* 4. and to he current to ?my receiver or collector in this kingdom, for or in

' f.ij.of.«ciion of any custom, excite, vcvenue, aid or tax then due, or thereafter to become due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to be taken, piss, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, lor or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax by 1 im collected or leceived on or after the said day; and the treasury bills w*iich have been ilhsed' for the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, part of a sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons of the eleventh day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and which treasury biils bear "interest at the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-i.tnd toven hundred and ninety.three, are, if not paid off on or before the twenty, ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and mncty-seven, to be received, taken, and be current in like manner to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, for, or iti satisfaction of any cuilom, excise, revenue, aid, or tax by him collected or received c:» or after the said day: and wc your Majesty's loyal subject, the commons of 1.eland, in parliament assembled, towards railing the ne-ccila'T supplics which we have ch.wrfally granted to your Majesty in this fclftou of parliament, have resolvedno give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly befeccb your Majesty that it may be enacted, ami be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by and out of such monies as Hull horn time to time he au*l remain in the receipt of the exchequer,

of the Lurpius of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day

of March, one thousand seven hundred and muety-seven, to the twenty-fifth day of Match, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, after paying and reierving tuificion: to p-.iv all such sum and sums of money as 11311; been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fiintc, shall and may b; ifined and applied for and towards making good the supply granted to your Ma-jetly, for the fcivice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, a ftnn not exceeding four millions three hundred and "ninety-five thousand fix hull-

died and eighty-six pounds three Ihilfiuga and four pence halfpenny, together with a fiun of one hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and twelve pounds ;hivteen shillings and nine pence, being a balance unapplied of the supply granted

for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred-nnd ninety-five, making in the whole four milfio s five hundred and ten thousand time hundred and ninety, eight pounds seventcon iliillings and one penny halfpenny, and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, fm* the time being, are, or is hereby authorized to ifiiic and apply the fame accordingly.

VI’. And whereas, towards Ruling the supply granted to his Majesty, it mny.be

neceiV.try to utabhih one or more lottery or lotteries; be it therefore enacted, That . it Hull and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the

time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, for the time being, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, for that purpose to establish one or more lottery or lotteries, upon such scheme or schemes of prizes to be paid in ready . money, and at such time or times, and with all such further and other regulations, powers and provisions necessary to carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time being, ov any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, for the time being, ami that such lottery or lotteries, so to be established, shall be conduced and carried

*The shirtj-fventh Year of George III.

carried on with such powers and authorities, and under and subject to such regulations ami directions, aiul with Aich form of books, mode of drawing provisions as to tickets delivered or not subscribod for, rewards to managers ami other ollicers, discount for subscriptions advanced, and Inch forudtures for omtliions to pay or complete subscriptions to such lottery or lotteries within inch time or times as Audi be appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the t'mc being, or any three or more of them, or by the lord high treasurer, for the tine heinr, and under and subject to such powers to pay incident expences neeclV..rv to he incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries; and such other power, and an. thorities, provisions and reilritlions, penalties, forfeitures, and remedies at are severally mentioned in an act made ami passed in the twenty-lirll ami twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Afnjtjh the several duties, rales, hnpffithn:, an I taxes therein particularly e\pr,ffd, to be appliel to the payment of the interf of the sums therein provided for, and towards the difharge of the said prhuipa! Jams, in fuel: manner as therein :s directed, and for fuel: :ther pnrpfes as are therein mentioned; and in one other act passed in the thirty-third year ol his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent the insurance of lottery tickets, to regulate the drawing of lotteries, and to amend the law respecting the fame; and allbin one other act passed in the same year, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the several Lilt's relating to his Majsjlx's revenue, and for more cffieftually preventing frauds therein; and in one other act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An net for amending the laws for the regulation of lottery offices, and for freventing the insurance of lottery ticket's; unless the same shall be otherv/sfe provided for this fcilicu of parliament, or Avail be enacted by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame ami every of them were herein particularly set forth ami enacted, with respect to such lottery or lotteries, to be ctlnblished} and that the sum of two hundred tlsoufaml pounds of the monies which shall arile by contributions to the said lottery or lotteries, Avail be applied to the discharge of the prizes in the late lottery.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all monies coming into the rccc'j-t of the exchequer, by loans towards railing the supply granted by this act, and all monies arising by profits on tickets in any lottery, Inpurfuance of tins ad, Audi be carried :o and he part of the consolidated fund,

IX. And be it enacted, That the sum of four millions three hundred and ninety-five thousand six hundred and eighty-six pounds three shillings and four pence halfpenny, by this act granted out of the monies that shall avise by the surplus of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-farnl seven hundred and ninety-seven, inclusive, shall be, and the fame is hereby appropriated, and dull be issued in manner aforesaid, and applied for and towards the several uses ami purposes herein after expressed.

?-. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and fupnfies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued, the sum of seven hundred and thirty thousand pounds to the payment and discharge of the said treasury bills, which arc nude current, as herein before mentioned, on the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty fomth day of June, sixteenth day of September, twenty-ninth day of September, ami twenty-fifth day of December, in the year one thousam! leven hundred and ninety-seven.

XL. And Ik it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or fepplic* aforeT.m!, there Anil ami may be ifiucd and applied any sum or sums of money, not ex ceding three million three hundred and twenty-four thous..nd five hundred pounds fourteen shillingj and six pence halfpenny, for and towards maintaining h's Iiia-jesty's land forces, and other services herein particularly expressed, that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding four hundred and thirty-seven thousand two hundred and seventy-five pounds two shillings and four pence halfpenny, for

H

A.D.

3797.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

defraying the charge of tv.dv thousand cfleflive men, for guards, garrlfinS, P.Htl odier his Majestyh. forces in Ir.Luul, including the pay of commissioned and nc-ll-coimiilUVjned officers ami private men, the charge of ag-’ncy, and the charge of allowances to be made ti- <. sins, paym,.lUrs, surgeons, lvling matters, ami for f.rjcants, to be maintain.1! v...lnn this kingdom, for one year to the thirty-firtt d; y of March, one tli-.e!.: id A ven hundred am' ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding li sty-six -houfmd three hundred and seventeen pounds thirteen ffiiliings and four pence halfpenny, for defr.tyi.ig the charge, of three thousand two bundled and thirty-four men serving abioad, including the pay of commissioned and . non-commissioned o'lieers and private men, the charge of agency, and the charge cf allowances to lie made to captain', pay-matters, furgeom», riding matters, and /or icrjo.uus, to be nuiinr.dned by rljis kingdom, for one year, to the thirty-firtt d ly of March, one thousand seven hundred am! ninety-eight 5 any sum or Aims of money not exceeding three hundred and sixty-eight thousand eight hundred and ninety-four pounds Ax shillings and, six pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of fifteen thousand f*x hundred and sixty-Aven men, the augmentation to the Jsuid forces of this kingdom, for the internal defence of the country for one year, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or fumy of money not exceeding three hundred and eighty thousand pounds, for defraying the expence of the raifuig, clothing, and pay of ten thousand men, for . one year, to the thiitv fu ll day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, b.ing a further additional force to the land forces of this kingdom, to be immediately raised for the defence of this kingdom, or to serve in England, Scotland, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon-Tweed; any sum or Aims of money, not exceeding forw thousand pounds, to defray the expence of the army, and camp apiijiage for the f.iid ten thousand further additional men, for one year, to the Liirty-Urtt day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight;*any sum rr fjins of money, not exceeding five thousand four hundred and eighty-one pounds, lor defraying the cluvge of the additional pay to such regiments of cavalry and in-fmtry as may be coininamled on duty in Dublin, for one year, to the thirty-firtt day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or Aims of money not exceeding thirty-five thousand six hundred and fuur pounds two shillings and eleven pence three farthings, for defraying the-charge of general ami general iLifi-oifieers, for one year, to the thirty-firtt day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any fern or Aims of money, not exceeding five thousand seven hundred am! ninety-three.pounds twelve findings, for defraying the charge of the allowance to the iiniller-maller-gener.il, judge advocate-gener.il, physician and surgeon general, provoll martial general, fix conimiflliries of mutter, the agent for the transmillion of deserters, and the town major, their deputies and clerks, am! the contingent expences of their respective o'fices, for 011c year, to the thirty-firtt day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any Ann or Anns of nnn.*y not exceeding five thousand six hundred and fifty-eight pounds . i? stccit lhUlings ami two pence farthing, for defraying the charges of.governors of garriibns, of military incidents, amt of fire and candles for garrisons, for one year, to the thirty-firtt day of March, one thous.uul seven hundred and ninety-eight; any Aim or Aims of money not exceeding seventy-nine thousand three hundred and twenty-five pounds nine shillings and ten pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of recruiting ami contingencies of his Majesty's hind forces, for one ycat, to the thirty-firtt day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or Anns of money not exceeding twelve thousand four hundred and three pounds ten shillings and seven pence halfpenny, to defray the charge of halfpay officers of his Majesty's army, for one year, to the thirty-firtt day of March, one thousand I*wen hundred ami uiuety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five

thousand

7 he shirts-seventh Year of George III.

thousand five hundred ami sixty-nine pounds and four findings, for defraying the ch.ir^o of the allowances to b.* paid to the widows of comnnilioneit and wan anted officers, and the expellees attending the fame, for one year to tSie thirty-liri! da/ of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any fuin or turns of nnnuv ir?t exceeding fifty-nine thousand seven hundred and seven pounds and one penny. ‘or defraying the charge of the expence of extra forage for the cavalry, for om* vc.ir, commencing the full day of April, one thousand seven hundred ami r.sixty-seven, and ending the tl.irty-lirll day cl March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or turns of money net exceeding two hundred ami twenty thousand and five hundred pound , for defraying the charge of contingencies for -die army and the militia, under the he id of barracks, for one year, to the thir.v-Hill dav of March, on thousand seven hundred and mnety-e’glu; any sum or Ann of money not ceeding thirty-four thousand six hundred and forty nine pounds ten shillings for deflating the charge of the royal hospital for invalids, for one year, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand two hundred pounds, for defraying the charge of the royal military infirmary, for one year, to the tl.ii ty-lirtl day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five hundred and nineteen thousand and thirty-two pound, thirteen shilling? and eleven pence, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the fever.il counties of this kingdom, for one year to the llmty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred ami thirteen thousand four hundred and twenty-five pounds eight shillings and threepence, for defraying the charge of augmenting the militia regiments of this kingdom, for one year, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding thirty-two thousand nine hundred and eighty-seven pounds ten shillings, for defraying the charge of re enlisting the militia-men whose time of service Oiall expire before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums, not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of the several district corps in this kingdom, for one year, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums not exceeding three hundred and ninety-nine thousand six hundred and seventy-five pounds fourteen shillings and four-pence, for defraying the charge of the ordinary and extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance, for one year, to the thirty-lirst day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, eight.

XII. And be it alfh einfl* l, Th it out of ill or any of th i fii.l aids or supp’ies aforesaid, there Hull and may be blued to the trufie-.s of the linen mid hempen manufactures, the sum of twenty-one thousand six hundred pounds for the following purposes, that is to fav, the sum of two thousand pounds for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ugh*, to encourage the raising of sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom; the further sum of two thousand pounds for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of Mtrch, one thousand seven hutnir d and ninety tight, for the encouragement of the hempen and tlixen m umf.i frurcs in the provinces 'f J.einster, Munster, and Connaught, and the further sum of seven thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to encourage the growth sf fiax in this kingdom 5 and the Aim of ten thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of 'larch, one thousand seven hundred and ninetj-right, to be by the said tru *ces applied in fuJi manner a? tlnll appear to them to be most conducive to jramote and encourage the Lid ir.anus iCt ares, the said sum to be in the place ami

Via. XVIII. . Y fiv-d

K6 The ihirly-seventh Year of George III.

/y j) Head of a like sum paid to them, out of the produce of the duties on teas and coffee.

1 79/'

XIII. And be it alfu enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies afore-l.Jinp. -f. f.iitij there dull and may be issued to the board \ f iirft frii'-s, th. turn of live ‘—"v thousand pounds, for build! -g new cl,urines, a«u re-building old churches, and for encouragement of the building of ylebe-boufus, on such terms as thtj shall think fit.

XIV. And be it also enacted, I hr out of nli. or any of the aids or supplies aforesaidd, there shall and may b: issued, to the f’ublin M'Viety, the i mi of fie thouihnd five hundred pounds, for the improvement or husbandry, -md other useful arts in Ireland, to be applied in inch manner, as Hull be directed by parliament.

XV. And be it also enacted, That oat ol all or any of the aids or fupmus aforesaid, there shall ami mty hi ifilled to the corporation for paving, clean:. and lighting the Urects of Dublin, the sum of live thousand pounds, for one )ear, to the twenty-fifth d ly of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to be by them expended in paving, lighting, and cleanfstig the said Erects, the said sum to be in the place and llcad of a like lum paid to them out of the produce of the duty on carriages.

XVI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there fhnU and may be issued and paid the sum of thirty-seven thousand feveti hundred ami forty pounds, for the use of the several publick hospitals and schools, in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of thirteen thousand pounds lo the Incorporated Society, as a full provision for supporting the pro-tellant charter*schools of this kingdom, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; tic sum of five thousand pounds to the govtrnors of the foundling hospital and work-house, towards enabling them to payoff the debts by them contnfted for the use of that charity; and towards (importing their nccdlary expences, the sum of twelve thousand pounds to the corporation for the r’lief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of industry, in aid of charitable contributions, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-tight; the sum of one thousand pounds to the Hibernian Marine Society, towards supporting that charity, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: the sum of two thousand pounds to the governors of the I Hbcrman School for the fupnart of that charity, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouiund seven hundred and ninety-eight; the sum of four thousand seven hundred and forty pounds to the West-moreland Lock Ilofpit.il, towards supporting that charity, for one year, ending the t»venty-fist!i day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

XVII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies tifcre-f.ud. thete ihalland may be issued and paid the sum of nine thousand seven bundled and fixiy eight pounds one (lulling and four pence, to the several officers of the house of commons herein particularly cxpnfied, that is to fav, the sum of four thousand pounds to the right honourable John Toiler, ipeaker of the house of commrns, to enable him to maintain the (late am: dignity of Ins office; the sum of five hundred pounds to the-right honourable John Monk M..frn, chairman of the committees of ftipply ami ways and mean;., for his fences- this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred and forty pounds to To^ctt Thoroton, ctyuire, clerk of the house of commons, as a reward for his ;\..:ncc and service* this felfi >n of parliament; and a further sum of two bundles pounds for his trouble end cspence in preparing copies, lupcrintemling, anu priming, and making an

3 index

i

The shirt'i-sevenih Year of George III.

irmex to tl*.c journos of the h.mie of commons of last felfiun; ami also a further fttm nf iwo hundred and sewn: .'-eight pounds one {lulling and four pence, for engrossing the money bids ci tl.i.i fill on, and for comparing, examining, and ittciling ‘.he fame } the him of mree hunch.’ I and f/ty poundr, toKdwr.rdTrefham, clerk a Hi ft ant, as a re want for hi* '’tendance and fervirc this session of parliament , the sunt of five lux;: rod pound., to George i-reJerick "Winlinnlcy, and Jona»’r.m Rogers, committee cieiks, as a rc yard f.»r their attendance uul service till; k"’onof parliament, to’w rrpully divided between them-, the sum of tnrec hum cd and twenty pounds *» James Cony, c\rk of the journals and recoub, as a reward for his attendant, and service this session of parliament*, and also a further sum of two hundred pounds, for hU trouble in superintending the printing of the schedulesof duties and other papers fur the committee of ways and mean? in the present session of parliament*, the fttmo one lumJrtfd and forty pounds to Dawfjn hiiis, clerk of the engroffnvints, as a reward for his attendance and ier-vice this session of parliament } the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to John M'Clintock, esquire, serjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament j the sum of seventy pounds to "William Crown, as a reward for his trouble and attendance in delivering the votes to the members this session of parliament} the sum of two hundred pounds to John Kennedy and John "Wallh, door-keepers to the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and ferric? this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred and seventy pounds to the speaker of the hous: of commons, to be by hint divided among the back door-keepers and rceflengets attending the house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants in such manner as he shall direct; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Henry Coddington, for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending the house of commons as deputy forjeant at arms *, the sum of seven hundred pounds to the speaker of the house of commons, to be applied by him for the b *ier arrangement of the business in the clerks office:-; and the sum of eighty pounds to Albina I'ree-niantle, for the additional expence incurred by her in the articles of coals and candles, which (he is obliged to funtish in the new buildings, in the tnrcrv.il between this ami the next session of parliament.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and paid, the sum of two thousand one hundred and thirty pounds, to the f.veral publick officers for their several services, and in manner following; that is to say, the sum of three hundred and forty pounds to Stephen Moore, esquire, accountantgener.il, as a reward for his expence ami trouble, in preparing and flaring the publick accounts of the nation, laid before the house of commons this f’flionof parliament} the sum of eight hundred pounds to Sir John Tvdd, bironet, in consideration of his extraordinary attendance, care and cxpmc-, in the office of pay mailer of corn premiums*, the sum of two hundred pounds to John Claudius \\ resfotd, esquire, inspector general of imports and exports, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing the accounts of the irr.oorts and exports, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of M.irch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, pursuant to the order of the house of common.; the sum of seventy pounds to Henry Smith, deputy pa^-rmfller of corn premiums, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts by him laid before the house of commons for one year, ending Midsummer, one thous.iiid fi-v-.n hundred and ninety-six, the sum of two hundred pounds to Paul le Has, e.wui.i:’i-toros com premiums, on account of the great enerease of his trouble i.< ex.-mr -ing and keeping accounts of laid premiums, and for hii expences in p tv.-«<: clerks in the yc.w, <. tiding at Luiy-day, one thcuaml seven hundred and id’u/y-fu} the sum of two luuiered ui.d forty pounds to John Smart, ch-juty ...voaiv

A. IX

1797* Chap.

38 The thirty-fii'cr.t!' Veer cf George III.

A.D.

Eri ral, Tor his ex r.i >rv!in i y :roubie this ffinn of parliament, ami superintending the ;n.-King of rljc pmdick a:c unis; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds

rinap' t\ johii Wetiier.t'l, lint i, ;i; in the o fiee of the inspemor general of Imports and exports, for is o.:r lordinary u./iib’c in nuking up t e fever.d accounts by ldm laid before illi house of cui*.:i..»m, and atte tiling the house this session of parliament; ami the f.i.n cf one hundred and forty pounds to John Swan, exarr.in«itov of ex dfe, for I.is extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts for the house of commons.

XIX. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies afure-f.'.id, there shall ;u:d may be iilucd ami applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred ami fifry-four thousand four hundred ami forrj-seven piimJs seven shillings ami live pjiwc three farthings, for defraying the charge of idle fever.ii milteilaneoas furvices following *, that is to say, any sum or sums oi money, not exceeding t-.vemy-uine ihoufmd five hundred pounds, for defraying the clurge of civil buildings, including the wages of overseers, rents, taxes, and ctliei meulent.il exp n.ees, for one year, to the thirty-first of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two thousand two hundred and fovea pounds eight shillings, for defraying the charges of the appointment of afiochue and aflifbant judges, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any funi or sums of mo,ley iwt exceeding two th.oufand five hundred pounds, for defraying the charge ofcompciiution so* the loss of emolument in the nlfice of chief remembrancer of the cou. t of exchequer, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one tliou-fjnd feveit hundred and n;uet/-eigl t, any ium or mms of money not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds, !or defraying the charge which may probably be incurred in the office of the foheitur in criminal causes, for one year, to the twenty-iift i of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand and forty seven pounds ten shillings and two pence, for defraying the expence attending pratique, in the port of Dublin, for one year, to the twenty-fifih day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight*, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding thirteen thousand nine hundred and thirty pounds nine shillings and six pence, for defraying the charge of printing fbationary, and other dilLurfements for the Chief and under secretaries offices, and apartments and other publick offices in Dublin Castle, and for the riding charges nnd other expences of the dep uy purfuivants and extra-mdlcngeni attending the said offices, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money, not exceeding seven thousand and twenty-six pounds nine shilling' and ten pence'hdfpenny, to defray the-charge of printing proclamations and advertisemems in the Duoliit Gazette and other newspapers, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of-March, one thorfmd seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, to defray the clisrrc of apprehending publick offenders, for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight*, any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thousand five hundred pounds, to pay t_e atlior.iary allowances to the several officers in England and Ireland,' ior their attendance and service in the present session of parliament; and also the fees piyable to several of the said officers on passing the several publick bills of the preferu session, any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred and eight pounds nineteen fl.illings and six pence, to defray the charge of the several dif-biirfements to be made by the gentleman ufiierof the black rod, and the chief fer--v.n.l at arms, fir the use cf both heufes of parliament curing this present session,

and

5 he thirty-Jsevenlh Year of George III. 89

and to the clerk of the house of loi ds, for engrossing, comparing, examining, and A.D. attesting the publick bills of t'-c present foflion, except the money bills; any sum I/97» or sums of-jatoney not exceeding ten thous.mil nine hundred and two pounds seven Chap. 4. findings and two ptr'ce, to defray tlte c: irge of printing work ami (lationary for both houses of parliament during this present session, any sum or sums of money not exceeding on.! thousand five hundred pounds, to be applied to defray the incident expences of the board of treasury, for one' year, to the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand seven hundred am! ninety-eight, any sum or sums of money not exceeding two hundred and eighty-iwo pounds four shillings and threepence three-farth >"KS> to be applied to pay major general Vahncy, after the rate of fifteen shillings /w day, during thi time lie shall be employed on a military survey of this kingdom, in the year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousiml seven humlre ami ninety-eight; the sum of two hundred pounds, to make compensation to Robert Scott, M. D. for his trouble in attending the sick iti his Ma-jelh’o gaol, called the New Vrifqn, for one, year, ending the twenty-fifth day of Mii'ch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; the sum of three hundred and finty-one pounds three shillings and six pence half-penny, to make good the loss of emolument to the clerk, uflttr, and aflifl.mts in the council office, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand three hundred and ninety-one pounds eighteen shillings and two pence, to pay the usual andcustomary allowances to the several persons, and for the several purposes following,- that is to fiy, the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds to the French conformist minister of the united congregation of St. Patrick’s, Dublin; the sum of one hundred pounds to the French ministers at Cork; one hundred and eighty pounds to the French ministers at Lisburn, Dundalk, and Innifiiannon, at Cxtv pounds each, and the sum of sixty pounds to discharge an arrear due to them on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; one hundred pounds to the French ministers at "Waterford and l’citailington, at fifty pounds each; fifty pounds to the mintfter of the congregation of German protestants in Dublin; twenty pounds to the ordinary or chaplain of the New* Prison for the Time being, for vifuing sick prisoners in the several prisons in Dublin; fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two pence halfpenny, to the rc&or of Saint Paul’s, for attending the sick in the barrack of Dublin; fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings ami two pence halfpenny to the chaplain attending the prisoners in the Fourt Court Marshalsea; forty-two pounds six shillings and seven pence, to the chaplain to the garrison of Charlcmont; thirty pounds to the under library-keeper; fifty pound* and fifteen shillings, to the vicar of Caflleknock, in lieu of glebe and tythe land in the Phoenix Park; twelve pounds to the minister of Saint James’s, for the like; and the sum of twelve pounds to discharge an arrear, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-six; forty-one pounds ami seven pence halfpenny, to the vicar of Saint Andrew’s, for minister’s money, payable out of houses and grounds whereon the parliament house (lands; ten pounds six shillings and two pence, to the rector of Saint Michau’s, for minister’s money; eighteen pounds five shillings and six pence, to the nrchbilhop of Dublin, for proxies out of divers churches; three pounds fifteen shillings to the bifm.p of Meath, out of the manor of Trim; forty seven pounds six shillings and tight pence, to the dean and chapter, and the \ icarGchor.it of Christ Church; eight hundred pounds to the lord mayor and cU ti/ens of Dublin; three hundred and eighty eight pounds fifteen (hidings, to the provost and fellows of Trinity College; one hundred and sixteen pounds thirteen ihiliings to the Royal Irish Academy for rent of an house; and fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two pence half-penny, to the attendant on the muticil ob-f.rcatory; any sum or sums of money not exceeding four thousand five hundred Vol. XVIII. Z and

90 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

fort/ r^ree pounds ten shillings and two,pence, to pay the several fum$ to the (event persons, aiul for the several purposes following, that is to say, the sum of ^797* sixteca pounds three fluilings and six pence, to discharge one year’s rcatof lands Chap. 4. near Carrickfergus Ca^le, to Lady-Day,one thousand seven hundred and nmety-fever, an i the further sum of forty eight pounds ten shillings and six pence to '’discharge three.years arrears to Lady-Day, one thousand seven hundred an! ninety-six, the sum of four thousand and fifty nine pounds -fifteen shillings an I 'ten pence, arrea's to regiments fervieg abroad, todischarge oilicrrs arrears; the sum of twenty-four pounds one shilling and five pence farthing, to discharge :m arrear to John Reid, surveyor of RingfenJ, in lieu of powder warrants; t!i:

sum of one hundred and eight pound; nineteen shillings an I three pence ha!*«

penny, to discharge an arrear of-seventy-eight pounds ten shillings, due to the deputy judge advocate general; and thirty pounds nine. IhUlitjgs and three pence

' halfpenny for coals and candles; the sum of five pounds fevcinecn shillings and

two pence farthing, to make good the deduflions of pells and.-poundage, from the

salary of the deputy town-major, formerly paid net; the-sum of one hundred and ninety three pounds two shillings and five pence, to discharge one hundred and twenty-four pounds seventeen shillings and four pence halfpenny, the commuted allowance of general Johnflon, as governor of Duitcannon Fort, to tha: thirty-fird day of March, one thousand seven I undred and ninety fire; and sixty-etght pounds live shillings and one halfpenny more, to the seventh of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the day he died; the sum of thirty pounds: for Thomas Lloyd, barrack-mailer of Athlone, for fire and candles for three years, ,to the twelfth of June, one thousand seven hundred and nmety-seven; ami the sum of fifty-seven pounds, to the representative of "Walter lloare, judge ad-

vocate general, to the twenty*sixth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; the sum of one thousand and eighty-six pounds fifteen'shillings and eight pence, for defraying the charge of cloathing his Majesty's officers of arms, ami (late trumpeters, for one year, to the twenty fifth day of March, one tlioufcnd

ftven hundred mid ninety-eight-; the sum of three hundred pounds, to-Fridfuiced Leftrange, widow of the late Thomas Leflrauge, deputy.serjeant at arms, in con-‘ fidcraiion of her husban'd’s long and faithful Cervices to the house of* commons, thefumof feicnty pounds, to the children of James Mo^owan, late door-keeper

to the hoult of commons, in consideration of their father’s long and faithful services;

the sum of one bundled pounds, to Margaret Higgins, widow of Benjamin Hig-. gins, latCNclerk aflill.mt to the house of commons, in consideration of his long and - faithful services; the sum of one thousand six hundred and fourteen pounds, to pay the local commissioners for carrying on the Lagan navigation, in lieu of two years duty otwhecr and ale, formerly granted to them within certain parts of

thedillricl of Lilhurn, ending March, one thnufind seven hundred and ninety-. seven; the sum of six thousand pounds, to discharge the several demands due for building the courts of justice; the sum of five thousand six hundred and seventy. two pounds, fire shillings and four pence, to discharge the several demands due fur . building Carlifie-bridge, and the ijuay walls, contiguous thereto, and to complete the same; the Tum of thirteen thousand five hundred pounds, to the right honourable the speak^r of the house of commons, to be by him applied towards de-

: fraying the expence of rc-ptiniing the journals of the f.;id house, pursuant to an

order of the house, in the session of one theufami seven hundred and ninety-five: the sum of three thousand five hundred and fifty-two pounds' fix (hiiHnjs and one penny, to he applied in crofting a new lijjht-house at Loophcad i the sum of two thousand six hundred and fifty pounds, to he applied in erecting a light-house . on the lands of Old Head, in Clue-liny; ami the sum of ten thousand pounds, to . the tiufiees appointed for carrying into eft oil an act passed in the feiliou of one 5 . thousand

The thirty-seventh 'Year of George III. yr

xhonfand ftven hundred anil ninety five, for the.belter education of perfoas pro* A. 1\ felling the popish or Roman Catholic religion, to enable them to complac the building of the Catholick seminary at Wtynooth, and for other purpose?.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said sum of three thousinul five hundred and fifty-two thousand pounds fix thiiii.igs and one penny, to he applied in crofting a new light-house at lxtop-he.nl, and the said sum of two thousand fiv hundred and fifty pounds, to be applied in en cling a light-houfu on the lands of -01d-lk.nl, shall be issued l>y the f.ii.l commillbners of the tre.tfury, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, ov other chief governor or governors fi-r the time being, to such persons, and in loch iwuiiu-r is lie dull oired, and Ih.dl be by them expended, according to such directions, any ad or act: to the contrary no; »vitl,(landing.

XXI. And be it emfted, Tint the fii.l dds ami supplies provided as atord'.dl, fli*U be ifiaed and applied to the ufca, intents, and purposes herein he fur a mentioned, and to such other payments as have been directed by any act or uc.ti here-' tofore and no-.v in force, and which are, or may be due, until the twenty,

fifth Hay of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-eight, and also thr payment or cumpensation heretofore alluwei for, or iu lieu of the prisage and biderage of wims.

XXII. And be it ciu&id, That the said aids and suppHes, shall not be issued or applied to any use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than as aforesatf.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the aids granted to his Majesty, in and by ail sft pafi-d in this session of parliament, entitled, An fir gaming fir one year, the fiverul duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all ether duties payable upon the nr:i,/es therein specified, during the said term', and fir regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Mujfifs colonies, and fir other purposes therein mentioned, appropriated to the payment of the interest of the several sums secured by debentures, and treasury bills, and of the several annuities and charges attending the fame, shall be applied ami paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treasurer for the time being, to the jnyment of the said sum of twenty five thousand five hundred pounds ptr minuti, and to the payment of the annuities aforesairi, granted for the sum-of two hundred and filly five thoalbml pounds, one hundred and Teventy five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds respectively, and to.v.uds the discharge of the interest of four pounds per centum per annum, on tht sums borrowed upon debentures, carrying such interest, and towards payment of an interest after theme of three pounds ten ihilUngs per antum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum, on the several films borrowed upon debentures, carrying such interest respecttv ;ly, and of an interest of five pounds per centum per nnnnm, on the sums raised in England, in the said fvcond receited act, and in this act mentioned, and made Hock transferable in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, and towards payment of the interest of the several principal fur.is heretofore borrowed, and now due upon, or secured by treasury bills, carry-dug an‘interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny/ and three pence by the day respectively, for every one hundred‘pounds, and five pounds ptr centum pw annum, and towards payment of the interest of the said sum of three million -three hundred and ninety-five thousand six hundred and ninety-six pounds, or

fuA jv.itt or parti thereof as shall be borrowed ill pursuance of this act, the rate

of such interest, and the terms u such loans to be ascertained ami dirufted, by any act paiT.d, or be puffed this session of parliament, as may be borrowed, in pvu finance of any act or acts passed, and likewise'towards payment of the ftverai annuities which have been granted, in pursuance of any former act, and the several annuities in this act mentioned, to have been granted, or which may be Z 2 ‘ graiittd,

;797-Ciifiji. 4.

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

granted, /or efieftuating the railing of the said sum, and towards payment of the rxpei.Ci's, which may be incurred by fending or remitting from time to time to London, such of the several annuities, and interest money as are payable there, pursuant to the several acts passed, rcl. ting thereto respectively, or as may be payable there, in purfiuance of this act, and also an allowance after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on such sums as have been paid on account of any loans r.iifed under any former act, or as shall be paid on account of such sums as shall be raised under this act, for discount for prompt payment, which hath accrued, or may be due under the specific eonmeh for hid loans refjvc-lively, and also the charges attending the expence of money raised in Lonom, pursuant to the said second receited act, and of such money as m.iy be raised therr, in purfiunce of this act, and of tnmsmitting the same to this kingdom, and th..t the surplus of the said duties be applied in such manner as shall be directed !/ parliament.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That whatever expences shall be incurred, by fending or remitting, from time to time, the said interest and annuities from this kingdom, to the city of London, and the payment of the fame, there shall be churg.d upon the duties, rates, impofuions, and taxes, subject to the payment of the said interest and annuities, and that whatever profit shall be made in the way of exchange, by remitting the said sums, or any of them, fiiail be brought to the credit of the balance due of the said duties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act pitted in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities in manr.tr therein provided, to such persons as shall veluntarily Julferibe towards the raising a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, shall continue in force, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-eight, and no longer.

XXVI. Atul be it further enacted, That so much of the several principal sums so heretofore, from time to time, borrowed upon, or secured by debentures, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annutnt and five pounds respectively as shall be due and unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and such sum, not exceeding in the whole three million, three hundred and ninety-five thousand, six hundred and ninety-six pounds, as Hull be raised or borrowed, pursuant to the provisions of this act, as Hull remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (halt be well and truly satisfied, and , paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the fame flialhbe -then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the respective rates, at which the same are, or Hull be payable without any deduction whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted in the last, or any former fcllion of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the interest-of the several principal sums, annuities and charges, herein before mentioned.' shall remain in his Majesty's exchequer, over and above all interest, annuities and charges payable thereout, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, II13II be disposed of in such manner, as shall be directed by parliament. "

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the Losses which may have accrued to individuals, from treasury bills, or debentures having been . flolcn, loft, burned, or destroyed 5 be it enacted, That in all cases where it shall appear by affidavit, before any of the barous of the court of exchequer, who shall

interrogate

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon, to the fttiafiftion of such b iron, that any treasury bills or debentures have been stolen, loll, burned, or dcilroyed, before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or that there is good reafun to believe that the fame have been ilolcn, loft, burned or destroyed, the respective officers of the treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or debentures, or to pay the same, upon producing a certificate of ally of said barons, of such affidavit or affidavits being made bciore him which affidavit or affidavits, any of the find barons flia.ll uke, and which certificate theyfh,ill grant without fee: and on security being given to youv M.ijctty, your heirs or successors, to the good liking of the find officers, to indemnify them against all other persons, for the monies specified in such treasury hills or debentures, the f»tid officers shall, at the-requdt of the owner or owners of such treasury bills, or debentures, and with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, make forth duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the imerett which hath accrued on the original treasury bilU or debentures, fio ilolcn, loft, burned or destroyed, and such interest as shall accrue in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the find original treasury bills and debentures, and the intereil thereof, if the fame had not been (lolen, loft, burned or destroy.'d.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all issues made from his Majesty's treasury, on account of the sum by this act granted, for defraying the charge of the feve-r.il dittrict corps of tins kingdom, shall be exempted from the fees of pells and poundage.

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties, on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the encouraging of the various branches of linen and hempen manufactures, and of certain manufactures made of f.lk, by bounties on export, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is necessary that the payment of such bounties should be under certain regulations and restrictions *, be it emfted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent uf the lords lpitituid and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every exporter, or feller for exportation of plain Irish linen, Irish chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, ttteetings, and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, and of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen to any places on the exportation to which bounties are payable, shall in the entry of such goods at the port of exportation, express the quantity thereof, and the value exclusive of all printing, painting, staining or dying, and the marks on every box or package; and shall make and subscribe an affidavit on such entry, or if a known quaker, an affirmation to the following

e lie ft

I A.B. make oath, or affirm, that the above entry or invoice of linen, in true and fairy and th.it the value of the said linens as expressed in the/aid entry, is not averaged in order u reduce the value cf any parcel or piece of such linen under oneJhilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard; and that ns parcel or piece of such.linen for which I daim a bounty Vol. XVIIL A a of

34

A.

T>.

'707--C'iaj). 5.

7 he thirty seventh Year of George III.

of three i c.lfjer.ce per yard, is cf printer value, exclusive of all printing, painting, Jl-nmn - or dying, than one shilling and /even pence halfpenny per yard.

Anti shall likewise endorse on the cocket granted upon such entry, the true quantity and value of the linens, oroiher goods intended to be shipped; and Audi before he receives such bounty, produce a certificate from the fenreher, or other pro-'perofficer appointed to see the fame shipped, verifying the shipping thereof; ami likewise give sufficient security to the collector, or other chief officer of the port, III the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to he exported, ami of one hundred pounds more, which security every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to take by bond, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditioned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, (heelings, or other specles of linens, callicoes or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not belauded or brought upon (Lore agair., in any part or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or theifleof Man; and shall also before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker, make affirmation, which affidavit and oath or affirmation, such officer is hereby empowered to ndminister, of the value of such linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland

II. And be it enacted, That the exporter of all Iri111 made sail-cloth or canvas, shall, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the proper officer of the revenue, at the port where the same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to admintder, that such sail cloth or canvass was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported, without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Ifie of Man, France, or the French dominions in Europe; and that no former bounty or exporr has bceu paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the f.iid manufactures, and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon; be it further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen and linen manufactures, shall appoint any person or persons, at any of the ports in this kingdom, to inspect linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty shall be paid after such notice, at any port at which such person shall be appointed to inspect, unless it shall appear to the surveyor, or other officer of the port, by fume fe.il or mark, affixed to t-ich package of linen, by such person or persons in manner herein after mentioned, that he has examined the fame, nor unless it shall also appear by the certificate of such person or persons, that such linens are of good, found, and merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining such bounty, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or any officer of the revenue, after the entry of any linens or other goods, as being entitled to bounty, ami before and after the flapping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or other package, to fee if the goods are duly entered and endorsed on the cocket; and if on any such examination the fame shalt.be found to be duly entered and endorsed, the officer shall, at his own charge, cause the same to.be repacked, which charge shall be allowed to such officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it rcafoiuble.

V. And be it enacted, That if upon view and examination by the proper officers of the revenue, it shall appear that all or any piece or pieces of chequed linen, or driped linen, printed, painted, flamed or dyed linen, cnUtco, cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to bounty, is or are of greater value than one shilling ami seven-peuce-hnlfpcnry per yard, exclusive of any value arising from its being painted, printed, stair.cd or dyed; or that-any piece or pieces

The thirty-fe-venth Tsar of George III. 95

pieces of diaper,' huckaback, Meeting, or other species of linen, upwards of on; £)w>’

yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to the bounty 1*797

hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one (lulling and seven-pence-half-penny the square yard, that then and in every such case, the exporter or feller of ^P* such linen for exportation, Hull upon demand made in writing by the surveyor of the port where such goods and mevcha.tdffiei are entered, deliver, or cause to he deliv red, so many pieces of such linen as dull be demanded by the said officer, into his Majesty's warc-house, at the port of exportation, for the ufo and benefit of tiic CVown, and upon such delivery, the surveyor of such port, with the privity of the collector or other chief officer, Avail, out of any money in lhc hands of fill'll collector applicable thereto, pay to fuuli exporter, or feller for exportation, the value of one shilling and eight-pence-halfpcimy per yard, and also if the fame be printed, painted, ftnined or dyed, the full value, eoft, and expence of such printing, painting, staining or dying, taking a receipt for the fame from such exporter or feller foi exportation, ill full f.itisfaclion for such goods, as if they had been regularly fold, and the commissioners of the revenue Hull cause such goods to be fairly and pah. lickly sold to the bed advantage; and out of the produce thereof, the money so piid or advanced as aforesaid, Hull he repaid to such collector, to be replaced to the account of his Majesty's revenue-, and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of such iVdc, ami the ncevilary charges incident thereto, one moiety of such overplus Arall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the proper olli cerswho shall have searched and examined such linens.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons dull enter for exportation, any linen, callieo, cotton, or cotton mixed, at any value, exclusive of the value or its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not exceeding the value of one shilling and feveu-penee-halfpenny per yard; or any diaper, huckaback, flieeting, or other linen, upwards of a yard in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding one ihiiling and seven-pence halfpenny per square yard, and which upon view and exa. initiation of the proper officer of the revenue, Avail be thought to be of greater value before its being printed, painted, ilamed or dyed, than one shilling and seven-pence-halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, and Atalf on demand made in writing by the surveyor, or other officer of the port where such linen is entered for exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper or huckaback, or {hcettng, into his Majesty's warc-Iioulc.at such port, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue, at the said port, the value of o ic shilling ami eight pence-halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, for such linen, together with the value, coll, or expence of printing, dying, painting, or (laming the fame, as the fame may hvi in full satisfaction for the same; or if the proper officers of the revenue shall, upon view or examination, find any such linen which shall be entered for exportation :.t the value of fix-pence-h.dfpcnny per yard, or above that value, not exceeding one shilling and reveii-pence-halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as r.foresaid, of fix-oence-halfpenny per yard, or which Avail be entered at the i:;Iuc of five pence per yard, or above that value, and not amounting to the value of fi.<*pencedialfpcnny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of five-pence per yard; or if any such linen shall be less in quantity than Audi 1,-e expressed in the said endorsement, on the said entry or cooket, or shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the ic.ift, or of the breadth of one yard, if so c»-ttied; or if the same shall be entered or cndorfetl under a wrong denomination) whereby the salt! bounty, or any part thereof, might have been fraudulently obtained, thr.t then and in every such case, all such linen, callieo, cotton, and cotton mixed, winch iliaii be refuted to be deliveicd, or that shall be under the value as afore-fud. of (u-pence-hulfpciKiv per yard, or five-pence per yard respectively, or shall A a 2 appear

96 The ibirtj-fcvcjUh Year of George III.

A.D.

appear lo be lefi, in quantity than cxprcflsd hi such cudouer.ient, or be under the

I 797. breadth of twenty-five inches, or one yard respectively, *or erter* d or endorsed un-

Cil.'lJ). C- ‘^r 11 wr0»S denomination, and also the goods contained'in all and every package or packages, endorsed on such entry or cucket, Hull be forfeited, together with such package or packages, and liudl ami may be seized by any oih;er or officers of the revenue, ami the owner or merchant l!u!i not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods.

VII. And to prevent linen of had- quality, or fraudulently made up, from being exported, be it enacted, That after no the given as aiorcf.Jd, to the f.ud commi f-sioners, no bounty shall be paid oil any such i'n.m, ealiieo, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper, or huckaback, which shall be cspoited &> uh.rvlV.d, out of any port when any inspector or other person flndl be appointed, imi- K such inspector or ctl/.r person to be appointed as aforesaid, by the trudecs of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall by some feai or mark aikxed to each package thereof, certify Ids

having examined the fame, or shall in the presence of the surveyoror oilier officer of the revenue, examine the fame, and affix his leal or mark thereto.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or striped Irish linen, or flamed, painted, printed, or dyed With linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, (heeling, or sail-cloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have been given or chimed, shall be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, or the lile of Man, France, or the French dominions in Europe, the exporter or exporters thereof, shall forfeit the fame, or the value thereof, and ever y person concerned in bringing back or landing the same as aforesaid, shall forfeit one shilling for every yard, or square yard of such linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively; and two shillings for every ell of such canvas or sail cloth so brought back or landed.

IX. And be it euacled, That uo allowance shall be given upon the exportation from lienee, of any manufacture made in this kingdom, of fiik, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in case of a known quaker, solemn affirmation be made by the exporter before such collector, or other officer of the port of exportation, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that such goods are of Irish manufacture, and intended to be exported, and not intended to be relauded in any part of Ireland, and on the ex porter’s giving sufficient security to the fin’d collector, or other officer of the port, which security any such officer is empowered to take in the name, and to the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond in die penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned, that such goods shall not be relanded or brought on

shore again in any port or place in this kingdom; and for such part of such goods as Audi be entered for or landed in Great Britain, the Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate ui discharge thereof, within six calendar months after die date of the said bond, which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, and if no such. officer shall be then resident in any of the find islands, then by the governors of the said ifiaiuls, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively; and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in the Britishi dominions in the . West Indies, or the Britishi settlements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the ' bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying the landing thereof, and for such silks, stuffs, or other manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the

- c hand5

Th thirty-fdvcntb Year of George III. '

bands and foals of two known Britishi merchants, then being: t fiub pnt <-; pi »*» A. 1 \

tint fttch silks or ether manufacture, were there l.mded, v.hich rates dial I7t)7.

reflectively testify that such goods were lauded at theplace- Iro.n whome iuenar- (.‘up. tificutes Hull have been given, amt when produced and duly proved, ih.dl rap:-.-lively be ,t full :md lullicient discharge for such bonds so resprc’rivdy entered into ami in case such goods dull be taken by enemies, or perish in the l'.u, Inch bonds lli.dl he discharged upon satisfi.&orv proof thereof being made before ihe commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

X. And for better preventing frauds on t’’e entering of any suchgoods «:n hr a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue; Ve it crucded,

That it shall ami may be lawful for any le.irt.her or any proper officer of the revenu *, at any time after the entry of any Inch goods, and before or after uk lamping thereof, ro open and examine every bale, irufs, c)u:l, or other package, and if on such examination the goods shalt be found to be rightly entered, t! e oi :cr shall at his own charge c.iufj the same to be repacked to the latisfacHou of the exporter, which charge fiull be allowed to such ollieer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable; but in case such officer shall find such goods or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby hi*

Majesty might have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so falsely entered, shall be forfeited and may he foiled, ami the perfoil or persons nuking ?»r e.iuling such talfe entry to be made, drill forfeit double the value of such goods.

XI. Provided nlwrys, T! at no allowance shall be dciuiuded or nude for any of such manufactures of fiik mixed with gold and silver, where they are only mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces, nor for any such manufactures of lilk m!x:.i with any other material?, unless two-thirds at leall of the ends or threads of the warp be ot fill:, or mixed or twilled with fi:k in the warp, so that fttch JtJk dull be apparent, nor unless the silk therein used shall be at lerdl double the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof, and if any doubt shall arise whether such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or manufactures, the proof shall lie on the exporter, claimer,

or owmr thereof, and net on the officer.

XII. And be it enacted, That all bounties ami allowances on the exportation of the manufactures aforesaid, shall be paid out of all or any of the monies arifiilg from all or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose, in the hands "of the collector of the pjrt where such goods shall be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the find bounties shall be paid on dcmai d with out fee or reward, to the exporter or feller fur exportation, subject to the fever.tJ regulations herein contained.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, shall he sued for, levied and recovered by such ways, m.ans, rules, and directions, and with such powers as are appointed, greeted, and expressed, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late M.tjdly Charles the second, entitle.I, An nU for the settling rf the c.\Jfe and utj impojl upjii his Mttje/ly, lishcir: nnd [ucceffjt'S, according to the o:sh of rates therein in fried; or by any other ];«\v now of force relative to the revenue of cx:ife in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mention*!, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, sperilied, ai.d enabled in this act, with like remedy of appeal for the patty aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fifth «by of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-vight, and no longer.

Vou XVIII. B b CHAP.

D.

97-

The thirty-fventh Year of George III.

CHAP. VI.

An Act for the Redaflion of Drawbacks, aid Donnues new allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

WHEREAS towards railing the necessary fv.pp’ics granted for the support of your Majesty's government, it is expedient, that the drawbacks and bov.r.-ti;s now payable by law on the exportation of lugar, fliculd be reduced, when-fuv we, the commons of Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly befeeth your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's melt enc-Heiit Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lordb spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Tint from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoul uul feveu hun<!ri\l and niiKty-seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one ihcufaiu! leven hundred and ninety-eight, of the drawbacks allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from this kingdom, of any sugar, :n the fame Rate in which it was imported into this kingdom, four shillings and four pence for each and every hui> dred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or p*jah!o to the exporter or exporters thereof that fr.*m and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twen*y-fifth day of 'March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-eight, of the drawbacks or bounties allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugar, called baRards, or any ground or powdered sugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, or refined sugar called candy, four shillings ami four pence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shallccate, determine, and be no longer paid, or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof-, and that from raid after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the drawbacks or bounties allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from tills kingdom, of any other refined sugar, seven iLillings and seven pence, for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid Or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained ft.nll extend, or be construed to extend to reduce the drawback now allowed by law on sugar exported to Great Britain, in the fame Rate in which it was imported into this kingdom from foreign

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninely-seven.

WHEREAS it is necessary that provision should be made for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in this kingdom for one year, from the twenty-fifth d y of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: be it therefore caafted by the King’s moftr excellent Majesty, by and with the ad-

parts.

CHAP. vn.

3

vice

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 99

\ice nml ccufiTit of the lo;\U fpmtird Piui tempo a!, and commons in this present A. J\

Ikirhanunt aliemWod, anil by the luuhnviiy of tic fame, That thelords comma- *797'

lioness of his M.ijeltyh treasury, shall ill'll*- in money the sum» requhed, to the agent Qh '.p. 7« or agent*;, or c!cr!: or clerks 01 luJi rc-im:n:sov b.rt.cions of militin, a; flub be —'

tailed, winch he is to apply in the m inner, and for tl.e several af.*s heron after mentioned, that to say, for the par of the saul mili.i.t for four c.i’.en lav month* in advance, at the rate of tlx shillings a dav for each aJjuur.t, from the *c of If; commiiiKia, where an adjutant is appointed* and a; the rate of one ll.--.ii.;, n..d n in-nnv for c.lih frtj ailt from the dare of h;s enUument, with the v.ddi;h n of ;ra and lix nuice a week for each fe.jeimt-mab'r, and iju.nur-r.u ‘-:r Icrjeam, where a f.rjeant-nujor and qunrtcr-m.tUcr-ferjeau: are appointed* ami a: tlu* rate of eight pence a day for each drummer from the date of hi; eulklmc it, w;h :!,: addition of lix pence a day for each drum-major, where a drum major is appointed 5 and at the rate of eight pence a day for each corporal from the date of Ids on-liilment; ami also at the rate of four pence a month for each private nun mil drummer, for defraying the contingent exper.ces of each regiment and battalion nf militia, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospita; expence-.; of each regiment or ball.tlion during the time of the men’.; being from home, noon account of their annua! exercise, and also for half a year’s salary for the clerk of caJt regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, or county of a city, ut the rate of fifty pounds a year.

II. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lords comniilliouers of Its Majesty's trc.ifiny Into the hands of the agent or agents, clerk or clerks of the regiments or I nttuiiont of militia belonging to such counties, or county of a city or town, upon his or thetr producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to them, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or where there is no colonel, under the hand and seal of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, county of a city or town; and such lords commissionevs of his Majesty's treasury, shall also within fourteen clays after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of such lirfl payment, make a fecoml payment for four calendar month* in advance; and shall also within fourteen days after the expiration of three calcml.tr months from the time of such fecoiul payment, make a third payment -for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of such agent or agents, or clerk or clerks, shall be a sufficient discharge to such the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the fever.il sums of money so by them paid.

III. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall forthwith, after die receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid one calendar month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or battalion respectively, and to the captain or officer commanding each company belonging to such regiment or battalion two months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and corporaU; and also to the officer commanding the company to which the ferjennt-major and drum-major shall belong, two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum-maior, and so from time to time as ong as any money on that account shall remain in his hands; which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to diilnbute to each person belonging to Ins company by this act entitled to receive the same,

as it shall become due in purfuamc -of this ;til, according to the following

form:

Bka

County

Creditor.

ioo "The thlrty-fcvemh Year of George III.

A.D.

‘797-Chap. 7. c,.lnty of

Debtor.

L's- 1.

To c,i rti received of Mr. regimental or battalion clerk, 01 the lords comn iilloners of his Majesty's trenfury (as the calc Dial] be) for two months pay In advance -

Per Centra.

Paid serjeant /. [

for days pay, from the

day of to the i

day of following, -

OIi tn as f'rji'nnt-m. jOi 1 if one I in the company; - J '

Paid iVtjtnnt j

for da* s pay, from the day of to the

day of following) -

Paid drummer,

Jays,; t per

from the thy of

to the day of

following, -

Ditto, as drum-major (if one in the company)

Paid drummer. i

days, from the j

day of to the

day of following, - j

Paid corporal,

days, from the

day of to the'

day of following, -

1

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the iords commissioners of his Majesty's tveafury, (as the case shall be,) the surplus, if any, by him from time to time received and then remaining in his hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the commanding officer of any regiment or’ battalion of militia, shall certify in writing to the agent or clerk of the fame, that he had discharged any ferjennt or drummer as unlit for the icrvice, that in such case no pay he issued for the person so discharged, until another he duly appointed by him, ami that no payment be made to any fer-jeant or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not previously been approved of by the commanding officer, in case of vacancy by death or otherwise.

5

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III. ioi

V. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalion of A.D. militia, out of the money hereby directed to be issued and paid to him, for defray* j

i-ig ihe contingent expences of each regiment or battalion, Hull yearly, and every Chap. J, vear, pay to the colonel, or officer commanding fuel; regiment or battalion, one penny a month for each private nun and drummer, for defraying the hospital ex-pjnees of each respective company of such regiment or battalion, during the time of the mens being absent from home, upon account of their annual exercise } and Hull from time to time, issue out ami pay such sums of money as may be necessary for the rep tir of anus, a:id the carriage and removal thereof, upon an order in writing, signed by the colonel, or officer commanding such regiment or battalion j ami after payment of such sums as Hull be so ordered by such colonel, or commanding officer as aforesaid, to be paid, he Hull yearly, and every year, make up an account of all such money, and the expenditure thereof, and of the balance remaining in his hands; which laid balance Hull form a stock-purfc for the use of the regiment} and he shall transmit such account to the colonel, or commanding officer of such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed and* signed, and the account so allowed and signed, shall be, and is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal of such agent or clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the governor or governors, or dc. puty-governors, at a general meeting to be held for any county, county of a city, or town, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the militia, the colonel, or other commanding officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, specifying the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home, on account of such exercise, not exceeding in the whole twenty-eight days; and the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, are hereby required within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the agents or clerks of the several regiments or battalions, at the rale of ten shillings per day for the captain of each company; and at the rate of four shillings and eight pence per day for each lieutenant; and of three shillings and eight pence per day for each ensign; and also at the rate of one fliil-. ling per day for each private militia man, for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion agents, or clerks, are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise the pay belonging to their respective companies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each company, shall make up an account of all monies received and paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the following form:

County of Debtor. Q's.

To cash received of the regimental or battalion agent

or clerk, or the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, (as

the case shall be,) for

days pay of men

Per Contra.

Creditor.

j.

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

Paid militia-mcn days -

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and countcrsigned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, within ten days after die time such exercise is fimfticd, deliver such -account, and pay the balance (if there be any due), Vol. XVIII. C c

102

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

to the regimental or battalion agent, or clerk, and such accounts shall be al-I jijj. lowed as fulBctent vouchers by the lords commissioners of Ins Majesty's trea* Airy.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where "any regiment or battalion of militia is, or shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, whereby the officers and private militia-men shall be entitled to the fame pay, as the officers and private men in his Majesty's regiments of foot, all pay as aforesaid, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private militia-men, or others, and all money allowed as aforesaid, for the contingent expences of such regiment or battalion of militia; and also the allowance to the agent or clerk of such regiment or battalion shall, during 'such time of actual service, and until such regiment or battalion shall be disembo-,died and return home, ccafe, and not be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the duties and aids which have been or shall be granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors riuring this session of parliament, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum not exceeding the sum of six hundred and three thousand five hundred and fourteen pounds ten shillings and eleven pence for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the several counties and counties of cities and towns in tins kingdom.

X. And be it enacted, That - the colonel or clerk to every regiment or battalion of militia, shall once in every year return accounts in writing in like manner as agents of the several regiments of cavalry or infantry.

XI. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, to raise, embody or continue the militia in any county or counties, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other eluef-governor or governors for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to forbid the railing, assembling, or embodying of the militia of such county or counties, and to stay all proceedings therein for such time as shall be deemed expedient.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, cofU, and charges of suits, and all sums of money for which any person or persons is or are by -this act made anfv/crable, may and shall be recovered-in any.of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned upon Hides and Skins, and Manufactures of Leather.

2ipi?ti T-TTE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjcQs the commons of Ireland) W in parliament a/Temhled, towards railing the neceiTaryfupplics for the support of your Majesty's government, have resolved.to grant unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the duties herein after mentioned, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice.and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pr^sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be granted, levied, collected and paid 4o your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twenty-fifth day #f March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, upon the fcvc-X Ml

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 10 5

nl hides and Heins, and all parts and pieces thereof, and manuMurcs of leather, mentioned and fee forth in the schedule or table hereunto annexed, winch 11 all he imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the fever.il duties a., the same are respc£Hve!y described and set forth in figures in the said fehcdulc or table, which duty shall be in lieu and full fttftfnction of all customs, subsidies and duties whatsoever, payable upon the importation of such goods, wares, and merchandises into this kingdom, and that upon the exportation of such goods, wares and merchandize, such drawback as herein after mentioned Hull be paid.

II. And be it enacted, tint there Hull be rnifed, collected, levied and paid unto, and for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and fuccc/lbi;>, for and upon all hides and Heins, and pieces of hides and /kins herein after mentioned, winch shall at any time or times, from and after the twenty-fifth day of Mai eh, cne thousami foven hundred and ninety-fevon, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand (evert hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, be tanned v.ithintliis kingdom, the several and *cfpc£kive Tates and duties herein after expressed 5 dial is to say, for and upon ever/ such hide and (kin, or piece of any such hide or skin, of what kind or denomination ioever, other than such as are herein after described and mentioned, the sum of one penny for every pound weight avoirdupoize thereof, anci after such rate for any greater or left quantity' $ for and upon all hides of hones, mares, or geldings, the sum of one HiiJling for every hide; for and upon all ikins called veal ikins, and all skins of hogs, the sum of five shillings for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or left number; for and upon all /kins for /hoes, and other like purposes, and on all seal skins, the sum of two shillings and six pence for every dozen thereof*, and after the fame rate for any greater or lesser number; and for and upon all other /kins for book-binders use, the sum of one shilling for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lesser number; the said several duties to be paid by the tanners of such hides, and skins, and pieces of hides and skins respectively.

III. And for avoiding all doubts anil controversies concerning the several kind* of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and ikins, chargeable with duty by this act, be it enacted, that by tanned hides and ikins, and pieces of fanned hides and /kins, is meant such as are tanned in coze, made of the bark of trees, or whereof the

A.D. 1797. Chan. 8

principal ingredient shall be bark.

IV*. And for the better collecting and levying the said duty upon tanned hides and skins, be it enacted that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-seven, no tanner of hides or ikins, or pieces of hides or ikins, shall make use of any tan-house, tan-yard, work-house, store or other place, for the tanning, drying, or keeping of hides or ikins, or pieces of Judes or ikins, or of any pits or vats for tanning hides or /kins,’ or pieces of hides or ikins, unless he or fiie shall have given notice in writingto the collector of the district in which he or she shall reside, of his or her name and surname, and place of abode, and of every tan-house, tan-yard, work-house, (tore and other place, by !him or her, to be used for the tanning or drying, or keeping of any hides or ikins, and of the number and situation^of the pits and vats therein respedivaly; and if any person (half tan, or cause to be tanned, any hides or ikins, or pieces of hides, or ikins, or shall make use of any tan-house, tan-yard, work-house or other place, or any jit or vat therein, or any store for the tanning or drying, or keeping of hides or /kins, or pieces of hides or /kins, before he or flic shall have given such notice, such person shall forfeit fifty pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That every tanner of hides or skins shall, every time that any hides of /kins, or pieces oi hides or /kins, shall be taken out of the oofc, liquor, or other material in his or her tan-yard, or in any vat or pit therein, in order to he dried or otherwise disposed of, shall give forty-eight hours nodre in writing, to C c z the

104 7/j<? thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

the officer of excise, in charge of the division or wall: in which such tan-yard shall be of the time when any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, shall be taken out of such ooze, liquor or other material in his or her tan-yard, in order to be dried , or otherways tlifposed of; and for every default of giving such notice, every tanner making such default shall forfeit twenty pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That every tanner of hides or skins, shall from rime to time, permit any officer of excise, and every such officer is hereby empowered to take an account of the quantity - f all hides or is ins, and pieces of hides or Ikms, which shall be taken out of the ooze or liquor in his or her tan-yard, in order to be dried or otherwise disposed of, ami Shall within two days after such taking out, and before the carrying away of any such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, from the tan-yard, tan-house, or other place belonging to such tanner, make true entry with the collector or surveyor of the dillrict, or gauger of the walk, of the number and quality of the hides or skins, and pieces of hides or skins lb taken out of the ooze or iiquor, and shall verify such entry by affidavit upon oath, which oath any collector, fub-commissioner or surveyor in his Majesty's revenue, is empowered aiul required to administer; and for every default of making such entry or affidavit, Hull forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise, at all fc.tsonable times in the day time, to enter any tan-yard, work-house, or other pi ice used by any tanner, currier or dresser of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or any place where any such shall be, to search and fee what quantities of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, are taken out of the ooze, liquor or other material, to be dried, or made lit for laic or life; and also into the houses and other places belonging to every dealer in leather; and into every place where tanned leather Hull be flared, or shall be kept to be weighed or fold, or manufactured, to search and fee whether the hides and skins therein be duly stamped; and if auy tanner, cmTici‘, or drefier of hides or skins, dealer in leather, or owner or occupier of any ffi.'h id tee as aforesaid, or his or her lcrvnnt, shall refuse such entrance to any officer of cxcif:, or not permit such officer to enter as aforesaid, every such tanner, currier or droller, dealer in leather, owner or occupier who, or whose servant shall refuse or not permit such entrance as aforesaid, shall for every olTcncc forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any tanner, currier, or dresser of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or ikins, or dealer in leather, his or her servant, shall not on demand made by any officer of excise, at the tan-yard, or other place of such tanner, currier, or dresser, or dealer in leather, where any hides or skins are kept, shew such officer all the (lock of hides and skins, and pieces of hides ami skins, in the possession of such tanner, currier, dresser or dealer in leather, or dull not permit such officer to take an account thereof, every such tanner, currier* dresser and dealer in leather, shall for every neglect or -refus.il by him or her, or by his tr her servant, forfeit twenty pounds; and if any perfoti shall fraudulently conceal any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, to the intent to defraud his Majesty*. his heirs and successors, of the duty payable thereon, then and in every such case, such person shall for every such offence forfeit twenty pounds; and all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins tanned, or in the process of tanning, which shall be found in any tan-yard, tan-house, work-house, or other place for which a license in force shall not have been granted, or of which such notice to the collector of the dHlrilt as aforesaid, shall not have been given, or which shall have been removed and carried away before the duties payable for fqch hides or skins shall be charged and entered as aforesaid, or which shall not be shewn to such officer after demand as aforesaid, or which shall be fraudulently hidden or concealed shall be forfeited and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue j and all tanned hides and skins, and pieces of tanned hides and skins, found in any place belonging to any tanner, of

which

1797-Chan. 8

she thtrly-seventh Year of George III. 5°$

which such notice «s aforefniil shall not have been given, shall be deemed and taken A.D. to be concealed. 1797'

YJII. And be it enacted, That every tanner shall from time to time, before any Gnap. o. hides or fliiiN, or pieces thereof shall be removed from any of his, her, or their — yards, work-houses, or other places of ‘drying or keeping the fame respedivdv, giv<* two dev.; notice in writing to the officer of excise, of all hides or skins, and pieces thereof; which he or (lie Ilia! intend to remove, to the intent that the officers of excise may nfcert iin the duties payable for the fame, according as the same are chargeable by wdght or tale 5 and every tanner shall permit any officer of excise, at his or Iter tan-yard or place where such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or lkins shall be dried or kept, to weigh and take ar. account of tly: number thereof 5 and of the weight of such hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, as are chargeable with duty by weight, before the same shall be removed from the places of drying and keeping the fame respectively.

I Ii.'And be it enacted, That when the duties chargeable on any hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, shall be ascertained, the officers of excise shall enter ill a book the respective weights, and number of all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, ’'whereof the.d ities shall have been so ascertained as af jresaid, and, .

Hull make.a return or report thereof in writing to the collector of the dillrift, leaving a copy thereof under his hand, with the tanner of such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and ikins; which return or report lind! be a charge on the tanner of such hides and Ikips, ami pieces of such hides andfkins.

X. And be it cn.nfled, That immediately from and, afiev the duty of such hides and skins, and pieces of,bides and f!:ins, so intended to be removed, shall be afea-mined by weight or rale, as aforof.ud, and an entry thereof made in a book to be kept by the officer or officers who shall have so ascertained the fame, such officer or officers 'shall caufts every hide and ikin, and every-piece of a hide and (kin, whereof the duty fn.il! be so af.crtauied, to be marked with such mark as this act directs to be ufeil, 10 denote the charging of such duty as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, That in case any tanner shall ddire the said mink to be made upon any particular. part of any hide or ikin, then the officer marking the fame, shall mark such hide, or (kin accordingly \ and officer; in 'marking hides and skins, flr.dl do none, or the lead damage that may be to the lame.

XII. Ami for the better ascertaining of the duty chargeable on hides and (! ins, and pieces Of bides anti skins, and fur preventing frauds between the officers of

excise and tanners; be it enacted, That every tanner shall keep all such hides and thins, and pieces of hide* and skins, which have -not been duly damped hv the o deers of excise, fepsrate and apart, from all hides and (k-ii^p- and pieces of hides and skins, which shah have been duly.daniped.with the damp, denoting the charging of such duty \ and shall uffo keep all such iad mentioned hides and ikins, separate "from all ether hides ami skins, and pieces of hides and skins, which at any time or times before, had been damped by the officers, for the space of two' days after the stamping thereof, imiefs the same shall have been sooner ve-weighvd by. an inspecto:-,

or surveyor of excise, or p-.;in of forfeiture for every offence therein, the funi of twenty, pounds; and if any hides cr 1! ins, or pieces of hides or skins, (fall be rcmou*d or conveyed from the yawl or drying place, or (lores of any tanner, before the expiation of two days next, -after the damping theredf, unless the same shall sooner have b-ien again weighed by an inspector, surveyor, or other officer of excise, tlvc tanner of such hides-or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, shall, ‘for every time he lilull offend herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every tanner shall, at every of his or her tan-.yards, cc places used by him or her for drying hides and skins, provide and keep at Ids or her own cods and charges, sufficient and iu(i feales and-weivhts. for weighing

Vo, ivin. d .1 J

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

and rc-weighing all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be in their respective yards, and other places, and shall bring, or cause the fame -to be brought to the fealcs, and shall assist the ollicers of excise in weighing, and re-weighing such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, in such manner, as such officers shall think most convenient, and in examining from time to time, the depending (lock of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and lkius, of every-tanner.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if upon any re-weighing of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, the same shall be found to be of greater weight, than the weight according to which the fame were respectively charged with duty on the first weighing of the fame, alt.such hides and Heins, and pieces of hides and skins, shall-be charged with duty according to such greater weight, and the officer of-excise who shall have rc-weighed the fame, dull make a return, or report thereof, to the collector of the district, in the same manner, as any officer is hereby directed to make a return or report of the first weighing thereof} and such return or report, shall be a charge on such tanner of hides ami skins.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any dispute or difference shall arlfe between any tanner, or other person chargeable with the duty aforesaid,- and any officer of the revenue respecting the amount of any charge made as aforesaid-, the return or report in which such charge shall be contained, shall be verified -by the oath of such officer to be made before one of the chief commissioners, or fub-commissioners of excise, of the proper distrifr,- who are respectively authorized to administer the same, that the return or report so made by him, was truly and fairly made, to the best of his (kill and knowledge, and thereupon such return or report, shall be a charge upon the person or persons disputing the fame and not otherwise.

XVI. And be it etiafted,. That every tanner shall payolF and dilchnrgc all the duties charged upon him or her, in respect* of all such hides and skins, ami pieces of hides and skins, so marked as aforesaid, within one month, if in the city of Dublin, or the liberties adjoining, and within two months, in all other parts of the kingdom, after the same shall be so marked and stamped as aforesaid, to the eolleflor of the district in which he or (lie shall reside *, and such collector is hereby required to give receipts for all the money hc>(ha!l from time to time receive, for the duties aforesaid, to the person or persons who shall pay’such monies.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every tanner charged with the said duties, who shall neglect or refuse to make such payment ns aforesaid, within the time aloro said} .'(lull forfeit for every such bffcncc, double the amount of the duty, the payment-whereof shall not have been so made *, and that no tanner or other person, after such default, shall fend, deliver, -or carry out, or fuller to be carried out, any hides or skins, or pieces -of hides and skins, until all such duty as aforesaid shall have been paid ami cleared off, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, and double the value of such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, delivered or carried out.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any tanner shall not-keep at every tan yard, or other place used by him or her for drying or keeping hides and skins, just fealcs and weights, as this act- directs, or shall by him or herself, or any person employed by him or her, not permit any officer of excise to weigh or re-weigh -any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, belonging to such tanner, at such yards or drying places as aforesaid, or shall by himself, or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, neglect or refuse to bring the same to the (cales, or to assist at weighing, or re-weighing the fame, in such manner as such officer shall think most convenient, every such tanner shall, for evety default, negle£lr or offence herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds \ and if any officer of excise shall, at the tan yard, or other pizim of any tanner, be furuished with any unjust fealcs or weights, for weighing or re-

weighinr,

’The thirty-J'eventh Year of George III. 107

weighing hides or ikins, or pieces of hides or skins, or be furniiLcd with any (cales A. )) or weights, which on weighing or rc-weighing any hides or skins, or pieces of hides j or skins, shall by any device, net exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Ma- QJjap, ft jesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such tanner Audi, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XrX. And whereas it is necessary for the collection of the duties on tanned leather, that papers called specimen papers, shall be put up and preferred in the (torc-houlo of every tanner, in order that officers of the revenue visiting the tan yards and (lores of tanners, shall make an entry on such papers, of their visits, at such tan yards respectively, and of all notices given of taking hides and skins out of the pit or ooze, and of requiring the officers of excise to (lamp or mark the fame, and of the different speeies of hides and skins, stamped or marked by such officers *, be it enacted, That every tanner who shall be furnished by any officer of the revenue, with any such specimen paper, shall cause the same to be fixed on boards, conveniently made for that purpose, and shall cause such specimen paper so fixed, to be hung, polled, or put up in his or her store-house in the most public and conspicuous place, and preserve and keep the fame so ported in such manner, that any officer of the revenue vifuing at such (lore-house, may view the fame, and make entries thciconj and if any fuclTtanner shall not port or put up, and keep and preserve such specimen paper, in manner herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted, he or (lie shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or (kin ;, chargeable with any of the said duties, Audi be remuvcd.or conveyed from die yard, drying place, or (lores of any tanner, before such duties shall be fully charged thereon by weight or tale, as this act in the respefctive cases doth require, and before such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins shall be stamped or marked, to denote the charging of the said duties, the tanner out of whose yard or other place, such hides and skins, or pieces of hides or ikins, shall have heen so removed or conveyed, and every buyer, contractor, or other person who shall take away, or cause or procure to be taken from any tamier, any such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or in whose possession any such shall be found, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, whXII shall be found in any other place, than the yard, drying place, or (lores of a licensed tanner, without such (lamp or mark as aforesaid, to denote the charging of the said duties, or which shall be found in any place, with r..nv fullo or forged mark cr stamp, resembling die mark or (lamp uferi to denote the charging of the said duties, or refrinbling any part of such p.iaik or stamp, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feired by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XaI. And be it cimcled, That every tanner shall once in every three months at' lead, settle an account with the coiled or of the dillrid in which he or (lie shall Tcfitle, of and for the hides ami skins, and pieces of hiJ;s and ikins, of such tanner ivfpcclively, v.Inch within the time of every such account, shall have been taken out of the coze, mill, liquor, or ingredients uied for tanning or deeping the fame, and of his entries thereof with the officers, and shall at the fame lime balance such a-vcurU by hides or lkin«=, or pieces of hides or skins, for which the duty shall have Ken charged as aforesaid, and by such hides and ikins then remaining Ln his hands unmarked, ami for which the duty shall not have been charged as aforesaid, width aceiut every such tanner shall truly and faithfully make as afinofatd under the penalty of fifty pounds j and that every officer upon taking every such account, shall inform hiiufclf concerning the truth or f^llchood thereof, to the end that if such tanner shall luve unlawfully conveyed away any of such hides or skins, contrary to this act, or shall have defrauded his Majesty, h:s heirs or fiicccflors, of any part of the durihrrehv payable for the lame, he may be proceeded agamfl for the recovery

ioH The il.irU-seventh Year of George III.

A. IX of such duties, and of such penalties and forfeituies, as are by this act prescribed I f<yj% far such offence.

Chill). 8.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or reward fl;Pll be taken by any officer of hr: Majestyb revenue, from any tanner, or any other person, for any n£l or duty to be performed by such officer, in pmuiaiice of this a*0, under the penalty of five pounds, to be forfeited to the party aggrieved, fur every such offence.

XXIir. And be it enacted, Tiut the chief cominiflir.Mcis of hi.; Majid5-A revenue, shall provide marks or (lamps, with which all hide: and (kin*-., and cf hides atul skins imported as a«’orc*said, liiall be marked or ll.itnp-ed upon ;i:e p«v. ment of the duties thereof, and :*lfo marks and flumps with which all h‘d.< ikins, and pieces of hides and skins tanned in thu kingdom-, upon charging <m" the said respective duties for the fame, shall be stamped or marked, and ih. d cause the said respe£Hvc marks or (lamps to be (Hftributed to the* K-f-.tii. oilieers for the several purposes before menthmed, and such marks and (1: or any of them shall or may be altered or icncwcd from time to time, as the chief commissioners of Ins Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of .»n shall think fit; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge any 11.-mp or mark, to resemble any (lamp or mark which shall be kept or used for denoting the charging of any duty chargeable on hides or (this, or shall counteneir, mark, or impress, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or imprefitd upon any hide or skin, or any piece of any hide or (kin, any mark or device to referable any of the marks or devices aforesaid, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your hJrs and successors, of any of the duties hereby granted;’ or shall utter, vend, or Tell, or c.iulc or procure to be uttered, voided or fold, any hide or (kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, with (tic't counterfeit mark or impreilbn thereupon, knowing such mark or impressiun to be counterfeited, then every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, Avail be adjudged a felon, and shall be tranC purled for the term of seven years.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That there shall be allowed and paid to every person exporting tanned hides and fkius, and pieces of tanned hides ami skins, or any nu-nuf.tr re of tanhed hides or skins, on which the duty by this act charged upon hides and skins, tanned in this kingdom lli.dl have been paid, the feveia! drawbacks following, as a com penihf ion for the duty by this act charged thereon; that is to say, upon every such hide and Jkiii, or piece of such hide or ikin, the sum of one penny for every pound weight avoirdupois thereol; and upon any manufacture whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, the sum of one penny halfpenny fur ever/ pound weight thereof; which payment shall be made by the collector of the port from whence such hides or ikins, or manufacture of hides or lk’ms shall be exported, out of any monies in his hands arising Iron; mv aids or duties granted to your Majesty, epon the pen fun or persons c>porting the fame, performing regularly the (inna rr^mfites, and complying with the lame regulations as" are or may be required by law to be made and obfeived by per-fous exporting any article whereon’any dr..»vback Is payable for obtaining the same.

XXV. And be it emHcd, Tint all and fmjular the duties, rates and impnfuions hereby granted, shall be raced, answered, colie ."led, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time afcuef.tid, in like manner, except an to bonding the fame, or any discount for prompt payment, and all and evuy

the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this btfl, other than and except such

as are by this ail otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways atul meat*.?, and with such pow«F and authorities, as are prescribed, dmckd and rppomud, in and

s br

The ikiriy-seventh Year of George III. 109

*\jjr an act of parliament made in thi-s kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth A.D. years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An tift for the ft- ITQ7* ding of the exiife or new itnpojl upor his Majesh;, his heirs and fiu,yjbrjt according to the Chap. l>, look of rates therein hifcrted\ or by any other law <_>r laws relative to Ins Majesty's L— revenue of excif.*, as fully and effectually, to all intents, ronfhuctions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for die party and parlies who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise ji provided.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the several duties on hides and Heins dressed in oil, and 011 vellum and parchment imported into this kingdom, atn! on bides and skins dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in this kingdom, as mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be levied and paid la the same manner,

?i the duties mentioned in this act rdjic&tYcly.

£ e

HO

A.D.

’797-

Chap. S.

The ifjirtj-Jevciith Year of George III.

A SCHEDULE

Of the Net Duties payable-on the Importation of Hides and Skins, tanned or untanned, and upon Leather worked up into any Manufactures, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries, which Duties so paid, are upon due Exportation thereof, within Three Years after Import, wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or tire British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

I N W A R D S. From Great Britain. From other

British*|Foreign. Countries*

HIDES. £ s- d- '*S~ fu £ '

Duflhides, the hide - - 2 rs - a -7t r 3

but if tanned, for every pound

weight thereof, avoirdupois, a further duty

of - 1 — I

Cow and Ox hides of Barbary, or Muscovy, tli$

hide ... 89

- but if tanned, for every pound weight

thereof, avoirdupois, a further duty of — x If

Cow, Ox, and Korfe hides, in the hair, (not

American) the piece 91 -- 9: icl

tanned, (not American) the

piece - — 1 1 f~ I -I 1 3

and a further duty for every 1

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois — — I n

Losh hides, (not American) the piece - 3: - 1 3i - 1 S

»— ;> hut if tanned, for every pound

weight thmef, avoirdupois, a further duty

of - - - r 1 -

Red, or Mu*covi;i ! h'es, tanned, coloured, or

uucofoured, the ule —9— — IQ

and a further duly for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois — *— 1 ii

3 1 i Buck,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

From Great Britain.

I N W A R n s. ttmish. Foreign.

1 -

n kins. £ ' a £. s. J.

ISudt, or Deer skins in (he hair, the (kill -

deeded tile (kin 7 7

__ . , but if tanned, a furtbci duly for every pound weight thereof, avoir dupois - I_— j

Calf skins in the hair, the piece — —' 2 a.

raw, the dozen p P

tanned,the dozen - 1 4 — 1 4

and a further duty for every poum weight thereof, avoirdupois J X

Covdovant, of Scotland, the dozen — Z 10 —

f but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois I —

Dog-fifl) skins for fletehers, the dozen 4 4

but if tanned, a further duty for1 every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois — — I —_I

Fox flans, dressed, the dozen — 2 2 ' — 3

but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois_i X

Goat skins, if raw and undressed, and imported in British or Irish vefleis, navigated according to law, free. — —, of Barbary, or the east country, in the hair, the dozen skins — 1 10

but if tanned, a furtherduty for evety pound weight thereof, avoirdupois J

—, of England or Scotland, in the hair,

—, but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

- , tanned, the dozen

and a further duty for every pound

weight thereof, avoirdupois

Huss skins for fletehers, the thin

- , but if tanned,* a further duty foi

every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

!Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred containing five score

——dressed, the hundred containing five

score

- , but if-tanned, a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Portugal skins, the dozen skins

- , but if tanned, a further duty foi

every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

E c a

C' J'

"4.3

- r

- I

" 4 3

From other Countries.

- 4

- 8

- 2i

*— ie

x 6

- 43

- i5

3 3l

- 4

I |—

I

- 4 3

A xi

- I

- IX

a 6

4 u

" i*

A Ji

- xi

Seal,

III

A.D.

1 797-

Chap.

1^2

a. n.

Tbc ihlrlrf^enth Year of George III.

pc iviny-j J N W A R P f>-SKIN S.

Meal ikins, if raw and undrcUed, taken by t^! crews of vessels btiongi.'.g to, and liiU‘«> from this kingdom, Great ftnt.nn, Jtil' V 'Guernsey, or Man, and navigated according to law, free.

- , the skin

but if-tanned,

Prom Great Britain.: From r.t!.;r liritiih. ( Fotci/.n. i CourUk.

further duly for -every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Shamois skins, the dozen

but if tanned, a further duty for.

- 3

every pound weight thereot, avoirdupois j— —

Sheep skins, in the wool, the skin -

—, but if tanned, a further duty for every; pound weight thereof, avoirdupois -

Spanish, Turkey, East India, Seville or Cordo-j

want ikins, the dozen skins ——

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every peund.weight thereof, avoirdupois

Spruce skins, »tawcd, the dozen - — 43

but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

‘Spruce, Muscovia, or JDanflc ikins tanned, the dozen

4 3

4 3

12 3

- 4 IT

- , and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

- , all tanned hides and ikins, of

what kind soever, and all parts and pieces thereof, not, being manufactured, and not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £ loo. of the value thereof, upon oath

- , and a further duty -for every

pound weight-thereof, avoirdupois

LEATHER.

Basil Leather, the dozen

Hangings, gilt, the piece

- , and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Leather for malks, the pound

- 8

2 2 — 16

2 5-

29 —

-18 3

- »-----, and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

All fanned leather worked up into any manufactures, or manufacture whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, imported inlriih or : British lh.ps, navigated according to law, for every £100. of the value thereof upon oath

And a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

—9‘

‘ " 3

9- -----10

12 s-

3

The

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 113

A.D.

The following Duties to be paid on the Importation of

all Hides and Skins dressed in Oil; and on all Vel- Chap. 3. hum and Parchment, over and above all other Duties '^v payable thereon, on the Importation thereof.

Hides of all forts, other than as herein after mentioned, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Goat and beaver skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Calve Heins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Sheep and lamb skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Vellum, for every dozen skins

Parchment, for every dozen skins -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

£ '

- 6

- 3

Duties of Inland Excise, payable on Skins tanned, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in this Kingdom.

SKINS Tanned.

£ s. i.

Goat Heins tanned with (humac, or othemfe, to resemble Spinifli leather; and all (hcep skins tanned for roans, being after tilt nature of Spaniflt leather, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Sheep skins and lamb skins tanned for glovers, and bafiis, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

To be paid by the tanners thereof respectively.

HIDES and S K1 N S dressed -in Oil.

Hides of all forts, except as herein after described, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

Deer skins, goat skins, and beaver skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

Calve Heins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Sheep skins, and lamb Heins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

The said several duties on hides and Heins dreflid in oil, to be paid by the oil dressers thereof respectively.

VELLUM and PARCHMENT.

x

3

2

Vellum, for every dozen skins

Parchment, for every dozen skins

And at the fame rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

yoL.svm. rf

CHAP.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

114

A.D.

*797-

CHAP. IX.

- i—

An Act for granting to His Majesty for One Tear, the Duties therein mentioned oil Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties fajable on the fame during the said Term.

WHEREAS it is expedient to exempt the occupiers of houses containing

one hearth, and no greater number, from the duty on fire hearths, and to grant ccTtain duties on other houses proportionable to the number of hearths therein* ami appertaining thereto > therefore be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, ami by the authority of the same, That from and between the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer, there shall be ruifed, levied, col-. jested, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, lire duties herein after mentioned, in lieu of all duties due, or which may become payable during the time aforesaid, by virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An actpr ejlubitjh\ng% on aldit'anal revenue upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuoejjhriy for the letter fopport of his and their crown and dignity; and also one other act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An additional aclfir the better ordering and eillecTing the revenue nri/tng ly b.arth-money; that IS to say, out of every du'ellirtg-house and out-houfv, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole two fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, ot Roves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or other edifice, at any time during tire Card time, the sum of four IhiRmgs and ten pence halfpenny; and om of every dwelling house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole three fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or Roves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or other edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of eight shillings and three half-pence; and out of every dwelling* house- and out-house, or edifice - appertaining thereto, containing in the whole four fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or Roves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of eleven shillings and four pence halfpenny; and out of every dwelling-].cufc mid out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole five fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or Roves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of fifteen Riillings and two-pence; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole fix fire—hcatths, ot other places used for firing, or Roves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or other edifice, at any time during the said rime, the sum of nineteen Riillings and six-pence; and out of every dwelling house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole seven fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, 01' Roves, which Ruil be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of one pound four shillings and four-pence halfpenny; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole eight fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or Roves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out*house, or edifice, at any time during the said rime,' the sum of one pound eight drillings and two-pence; and

The thlrtj-seventh Year of George III.

OMt of every dwelling- houte, and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, con- taming in the whole nine or more fire-heaiths, or other places used for firing, or (loves, for every such hearth, firing-place, or Hove, winch shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house or edifice, at any time during the said time, the i\im Cha of four shillings and four pence for every such hearth, firing-place, or (love there-in, or thereunto belonging; the said duties to he paid as soon after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-tevcii, as they dull be demanded.

II. Provided always, and be it etuchd. That nothing herein contained, 11,11 extend to charge any house containing fix hearths, or upwards, fituute witi.in the dillrict of the metropolis of Dublin, or within any city or town-corpor tc, in which no ship shall be ktpt for the sale of any good?, or in which no ipiruuuus or other liquors shall be fold, and which shall be wholly set for lodgings m l occupied by lodgers, each lodging set to or occupied by one perfoti, or family, not confiding of more than one room or apartment, with any higher du-y than two fldllings-for each hearth or other firing place therein.

III. And be it enacted, That every owner or occupier of any house or edifice,

shall on demand made by any inspector, supervisor, or collector of the said dtf.ics, admit such inspector, supervisor or collector, into such dwelling-houses, and all out-houses, and offices thereunto belonging, and into every tojm or other place therein, and permit such infpuftor, supervisor, or collector, to survey the hearths, firing-places, and (loves therein, and take an account thereof; and tint it shall and may be lawful for every inspector, fupeTvisor and collector of the said duties, to survey every house or edifice, and the number of hearths, firing-places, and (loves therein, and to take a true account thereof; and tiut any such iufpedor, supervisor, or collector, shall and may in the day time, between the hour of cighe of the clock in the forenoon, and sun-set, with the alfilUnce of a magUlrate, constable, or other person acting as a peace-officer, and in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and afllft, then without any such assistance to make entry into the said respective heufes and edifices, and into the several apartments therein, and take information from their own view and survey of the number of fire-hearths and other places used for firing, and (loves in every such house and edifice, and according to such account, the sevenl houtes and edifices therein mentioned, shall be charged with the duties which shall then be payable; unless where any such house or edifice has been newly built, in which case such fire-hearths therein as appear not to have been used, or capable of being used at the time of such survey, shall not be charged,

IV. And be it enacted, That in any case where any ittfpc&or, supervisor, or collector of hearth-money shall have been admitted, or shall have made entry into any house or edifice, to survey and view the fire-hearths, (loves, and other firing-places therein, the owner or occupier of such house or edifice, or other person who shall attend such supervisor or collector upon such survey, upon contenting that duty for one fire-hearth for any room therein be charged, may refute to admit such inspector, supervisor, or collector, into any such room, except the fame be a kitchen or a room in an out-house, and in every such cate every inspe£lort supervisor, and collector shall accordingly charge duty for one hcauh ia every such room.

V. And be it cnatted, That in case any question or difference shall ante, touching the number of fire-hearths, (lores, or other firing-places, of which an account shall be taken by any inspector, supervisor, or coHc&or, the same shall be heard and determined by one or more justice or justices of the peace next adjoining, not being a landlord or landlords of the premiteS; or by the chief nu.

T { l giflrase

ii6 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

giffrate of the place, upon complaint in that behalf; and the oath of (he

j ’ij?, owner or occupier of the house or edifice, shall be admissible upon fucll com-

C!i3j). O. Plliar*

VI. And be it enacted, That the respective owners or occupiers of all houses or edifices shall be, and they are hereby chargeable with all duties which fii !1 become due by th*m, our of their respective houses, out-h. uses, nr edifice?; and the find duties shall be paid to the said supervisors and collectors on demand thereof at die house or place where the same shall arif- or grow due, or at the house or place of abode of any owner or occupier, chargeable vth any duty or arrear, in case such owner or occup:er Hull have removed from the house in re-

fpret of which he became chargeable with such duty; and all goods and chattels in any house, our-house, or edifice, shall be subject to ail duties which shall have become due in resp. ct of such hoilfe, out-house, or edifice; and in case of refu-fa! or default of payment thereof, after such demand, such supervisors and col* lettors may at any time in the day time with the assistance of a ntagiffrate, justice of the peace, or other pence officer, and in all places where there are no such officer?, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such assist.mrc, make entry into such house, out-house, or edifice, and levy the fail! duty, and all arrears thereof, either by distrefa and sale of any goods found in the house, out-h.mfe, or edifice, chargeable with such duty and arrears, or on the goods of the party or parties chargeable therewith, wheresoever the fame shall be found, n-storing to the pirty or parties the overplus of such money, as such goods shall be fold fur, over and above the duty and arrearages thereof then due, and over and above the necessary charges of taking such distress, and such charges . Hull not in any case exceed the fourth put of lire duty and arrearages thereof so levied.

VII. Provided also, and be it emitted. That no owner, proprietor, or occupier of fire-hearths, firing-places or stoves, Hull be charged with, or distrained ormo-kfted for the fiitl duty, or any arrearages, at any time after the space of two years, next after the duty shall become payable to his Majufly, his heirs and successors.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall fraudulently flop up, deface, cover, or conceal any hearth, firing-place, orftove, chargeable with the said duty, and the fame be proved either by confession of the party, or upon oath, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, or chief magistrate, or by their view, , every such person shall be charged with, and pay double the amount of the duty: for the fame, to be levied as aforesaid; and if any question or difference shall artfe

concerning the Hopping up of any hearth, or about the taking of any distress for,

or ltvying the duty for the fame, the fame, upon complaint in that behalf, shall be heard and determined by the chief magistrate of the place, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace, such justice or justices not being a landlord or landlords of the party charged with the said duty j and the proof of the time that any such hearth was flopped up, shall lie on the owner or occumer of the house.

IX. Provided always, That no hearth, firing-place, or stove, shall-be deemed to be flopped up, unless the whole of the fame be built with stones or bricks, and :Oiorfnr made withlime.

X. And be it enacted, That all chief migiflrates, (liertffs, and justices of the -peace, and other his Majesty's peace officers within their several and respective jurisdictions, are hereby authorized and required to give assistance from time to time to the fever.il inspectors, supervisors, and collectors of the Cud duties, in charging and collecting the fame,

4

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 117

XI. And be it ennchJ, That if any action or salt Ih ill be commenced or pro. J)

frcuted against any person or persons, for any matter or thing which he or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, the fume shall be commenced within W97' three months next after the allrdged cause of action shall accrue, and the defendant or defendants in such action nuy plead the general issue, and give this act and the speci.il matter in evidence against the pliantiff upon any trial to be had thereupon; atulif the pi lintiff Hiail become non-suit, or fuller discontimunce, or if a verdict pass against the plaintiff, or if upon demurrer, judgment pass against him, the (hfcmhne or defendants flnll recover treble costs against such plaintiff, for which there shall be like remedy is i:i any case where cods by law are given to the defendant.

CHAP. X.

An Act to enable certain Inhabitants of the 'Comity of Armagh, who have been injured in their Persons or Properties, to recover Compensation for such Injuries iy Preferments notwithstanding the Time by Laiv preferred for applying for such Preferments, be luffed.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of ins preTent ?»hjwfly, entitled. An act to prevent and punish tumultuous rlfmgt of persons within this kingdoms and for other purposes therein mentioned; it J$ enabled, that satisfaction and amends be made, in manner therein mentioned, to all and every person and person?, his, her, or their executors or adimnifirators, for all and every injury and damage which shall be done or committed against his, her, or their person or persons, habitations, possession, property, goods, or chattels, by any offender or offenders against the said act; and that every person or persons, his, her, or their executors or administrators, who shall sustain any such injury, loss or damage, by any of the offences therein mentioned, may sue for, and recover satisfaction and amends for the injury, loss, or damage incurred or suffered as therein mentioned, at the next assizes to be held for the county where such offence was committed, in the manner by the hid a ft specified and directed: and it is by the said act provided, that every person or persons applying for a presentment, shall, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by some person or persons, for and on his, her, or their behalf, within forty-right hours after such injury and damage done or committed, or within a reasonable time after he, flic, or they shall be at liberty, give notice thereof, unto some one of the inhabitants of some town or village near unto the place where such fact shall be committed, and shall within six days after such fact committed, give notice to the Ugh constableof the barony, and to the church-wardens of the parish where such. fast shall be alledged to have been committed, (if such constable and church-wardens shall respectively reside within such barony ami parish,) who are thereby required forthwith to publish the fame in the fever.il market-towns of the barony and parish where such fact shall be committed; and that also within six days after such notice so given, either the person or persons so injured, shall give his, her, cr their ttumihation upon oath, or that examination upon oath dull be given by hi:, her, or their servant ot servants, or family, who were in his, her, or tin ir heuse, or who had the care of his, her, or their habitation, possession, property, goods cr chattel*;, before some justice of the peace of the coumv, inhabiting within the barony where such fast shall be committal, or near unto the fame, specifying vhetlur I.-, ihe, cr they, do know die person Vol XVIII. G g ' «r

ii8 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

or persons who committed such fact, or any of them; and if upon such examination

*797' ‘lt confefied, that he, flie, or they, do know the person or persons who

Chap. 10. committed the said fast, or any of them, that then, he, flie, or they, shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute such offender or offenders, by indictment or otherwise, according to the laws of this kingdom: and whereas many of the inhabitants of the county of Armagh, have suffered grei.t injuries in their persons and properties, between the summer assizes of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the spring assizes of the year one thousatid seven hundred and ninety-six, by various outrages committed contrary to the provisions of the said act, and though such of the persons who have been so injured, and applied for compenfiiti n purfu.mt to the said act, have been compenf.ued by presentmems on the said county, yet many others, terrifi *d by the violent menaces of the persons who practised such outrages, fled the said county to distant parts of the kingdom, at’d by reafou of fulfil their terror and flight, did not perform the requisites required, or apply within the time prescribed by the said act, and are thereby deprived of that compel.* fation due to their fuflerings, and to which they would have otherwise been entitled, and it is reasonable to enlarge the time for their making such applications; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice nr.d content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this piefent parliament ailitmbled, That it shall and may be lawful for any person who hath fullered within the counry of Armagh, in his or her person or persons, house, possession or property, such injury or damage as the said act intends to provide for, subsequent to the first day of the summer assizes, holden for the said county, in the year mie thousand seven hundred and ninetydive, and previous to the last day of the spring affixes lioluen for the said county, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and who have not yet received compcufation for the fame, by reason of their not having performed the requisites by the said act prescribed to be performed, to present their petition to the judges of assize, at the spring or summer affixes, to be holden for the said county, next after the passing of this act, in the same manner, as if all the requisites required by the said receited act had been duly performed; and the judge or judges of assize shall examine into the manor of the said petition in open court, in the same manner a> is by the said act prescribed, and shall particularly enquire into the causes which prevented the petitioner or petitioners fror. applying at the next assizes after the injury received, am! from performing the requisites necelfiiry under the said receited act; and if it shall appear to such judge that the petitioner omitted, from terror, or other reasonable caufi:, to made his or her application, and perform the requisites, ?nd that he or she has performed the requisites hereafter directed, and that such petitioner hath fully proved the nature of the injury or damage fuilained by him, the grand jury shall thereupon make presentment in such manner, ro all intents and purposes, as is by the said receited act directed.

II. Provided always, nevertheless, That no person shall be entitled to take the benefit of this act, unless he or flic shall, one month previous to the holding of the assizes at which he or flie shall present his or her petition, cause notice in writing to be served upon the high constable of the barony, and the church-wardens of the parish within which the injury of which he or she means to complain of was done; and also, unless he or flie shall, previous to the first day of such assizes, make such examination, if necessary, before a justice of the peace of the county of Armagh, as is required by the said act, touching his or her knowledge of the persons who committed the offclices by which he or she was damaged, and unless he or flie enter into a sufficient recognizance for the prosecution of such of the offenders as are known to him or her.

CHAP.

The thirty-Jcventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XI.

"9

A.D.

17.)7-Cli.ijt. i r.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs a fid Successors, certain Duties and Rater upon the Port are and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

FOR the better support of your Majesty's government, and the convenience ol trade; be it enacted by the King’s 1110ft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred atul ninety-foven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, and no longer, it Ih ill and may be lawful to and for the post-master-general of this kingdom for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, fervauts and agents, to ant! for the ufo of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, an 1 take for the portage and conveyance of all letters anil packets which he shall convey, carry, or fend poll, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the several rates and sums of money herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the port anil conveyance of every Angle letter or piece of paper, from the office in this kingdom, where such letter or piece of paper shall be put in, to any distance within the same not exceeding fifteen miles Irish measure, the sum of two pence; and to any distance exceeding fifteen miles and not exceeding thirty miles, the sum of three pence; and to any distance exceeding thirty miles, and not exceeding fifty miles, the sum of four pence; and to any distance exceeding fifty miles, and not exceeding eighty miles, the sum of five pence; and to any distance exceeding eighty miles, the sum of six pence; and for the port or conveyance of every double letter, double the said sums respectively; and for every treble letter, treble the said filmsrespectively; and for evuy ounce weight, four times the said sums respectively; and foin proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a Angle letter; and that all letters and packets directed from any place in this kingdom to any part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the fcas, or received in this kingdom from Great Britain,or any part or parts beyond the fcas, shall be charged and pay for their portage and conveyance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin, "Waterford, or Do-mghadce,or any other port where packet boats for the conveyance of letters to and from this kingdom, are or may be establishe v- they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the said places, according to the rate?, aforesaid; and that every letter or packet passing through the general pofi-olhce in the city of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom not lefsdillantthan four mile i from the general poll-oiiice in the said city, to any place within the said kingdom not !cfs diilant than four miles from the general post-oflice in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the distances herein before mentioned, to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin; and that for every letter or packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any iliip or vellei riding or (lopping m any port within this kingdom, there shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his heirs ami successors, over and above the rates aforesaid, the sum of one penny.

120

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

II. And be it further enacted, That It shall and maybe lawful to and for his M.i-l jesty’s. post-maltcr-general of thU kingd.om, and his deputies, and he and they arc

Chap. 11. hereby luiuircd t;> demui'd and receive for the port and conveyance of all letters and v—-v—packets for Ireland noni Great Britain, or foreign parts, in addition to the rates of pottage hereby rei’crved, (iicii further rates of poitage as now are or hereafter frail be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets by any atl or acts now mad*., o/ l-ereaftor to be made by the parliament of Great Britain; and that his Majdly’s pnit-mafrer-genersl of this kingdom frail, and he is hereby authorized and required to account for and p.»y the fame quarterly to the revenue of thepofl-ofliceof Great Britain 5 and that there frail be paid to hts Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the dthvcty of every Brinfr or foreign printed uewfpaper, and for every printed vote or proceedings in parliament) arriving at the general poll-office in Dublin, Vaterfoi.i, or Donaghadee, or any other port where such packet-boats as afore salt! arc, or shall be established, from Great Britain, without coters, or in covers open at the (ides, the sum of one penny, over and above the pottage which may he charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in like manner there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the port and conveyance through this kingdom of every printed uewfpaper, directed from any part of Ireland to any pan of Great Britain, without covers, or in covers open at the fides, the sum of,one penny, and no more, which sum of one penny Hull be paid on the delivery of every such newspaper at the poll-office from whence It frail be difp.it Led in this kingdom.

III. And be it cnaclej, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the pott-maller-geneul, for the time being, and his deputies, from and afar the twetuy-iifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and mnety-seven, until the tweiny-iii'th day of Mar':'., one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, mclusive, and no longer, to denfin d, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of ill letters and packets conveyed by the penny post, according to the feve-r.il rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, that for the port and conveyance of my letter or packet, not b.uig mere than four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the circular-r«*,id about the city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such tttt< r or packet into the penny post office the sum of one penny; and for ti«c port and co iveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding-the like weight, from or to any place beyond the said limits so after-tained as aforesaid, from or 10 any place within the circuit of the penny post office, there frail he paid at the time of putting ii» such letter or packet, the sum of one penny', and a further sum of one penny on the delivery thereof; aui that for every letter or packet of any weight \vi ich frail be sent to, cr delivered from the general penny-post-o.lice by the penny-post, from or to . y place not being within the limits as before ascertained, there frail be paid the sum of one penny over and above, and excluftvc of the several rates chargeable ther*nn.

IV. And be it enacted, That every bill of exchange, merchants account, invoice, or bill of lading, writ, pioccfs, or proceeding at law, written upon the lame freet, or piece of paper, with a letter, and every Utter to or from iVvcral or distmfl persons, written upon the fame freet or piece of paper, frail be rated, taxed, and paid for as so many several or dist;n£t letters, according to the rates established by this act, or hereafter to be ellabHthed by any act to be pitted in lids kingdom relative to the portage of letters within the same.

V. And whereas patterns of doth, fill;, (luff, and innli samples of ether forts of goods, are frequently enclosed in a single letter or piece of paper, and sent by the post *, be it enacted, That for every single letter or cover endotfed on the out-fide " patterns," containing one or more paper or papers with pattern?? 01 containing one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, silk, or Buff, or or.e or morp

1 f.mple

121

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

fi.nple or f.nnplcs of any otlmf fort of goods, r.u-l containing no other writing, matter, rr thin*;, five only "h-t appcrt.'.v s to fuel* jnrtwr.t-or ..n.j’UH t'‘-ftmc toother do not \Xe:-ed one ounce wftght, '.I'.', rates payab e ior a doibl: kt-Ur l>v this net, or by any ;*ft to be passed in this kimVtim, relative to :1a. portage of letters within the same, shall be paid, :rd no rntre.

VI. And be it en :ftcdt That the poll-ir.afUr general for the tim h:tu*?, ciufe an account’to be kept of all monies avifing to Ins Mejetty, Ins heir* and iuc-celfors, by virtue of this act.

VJf. And h‘ ir ema'led, That the net revenue an! monies nvifi.ig by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccvflors, ufiei paying all charges, out-goings, (Whurfemenfs, expences and fnt.iries neceflury for the receipt and nmvagement of the fame; and all expenses attending the f-ud ofluc, and the due execution of this act, Hull be paid into his HijeflyT exchequer in this kingdom, in such mtnner, and at such lime and times as Ida Mujettv, his heirs and fuccdVir9, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, {lull direct and appoint.

VIII. And be it enacted, Tint in case the post-nv ftc;*ge»cj\tl, or any person concerned in the execution of this act, flrall neglect or refute to perform any matter or thing whatsoever, according to the true intent and meaning of this act j or if they’’, or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert, or misapply any of the monies by them, or any of them, collrftjd or received by virtu: of this act, contrary to the true nua dug thereof, then and in every such case, every person so offending, Hull forfeit his office, and be incapable to Curve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or place iff trull or profit, and shall be liable for every such offence, to pay treble the sums so embezzled, diverted or misappUcd.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any ether fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by any oflv.tr ci cittern of this kingdom, to his or their use, for or on account of the ifiiiing or y>\) mc-nt of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which Hull re received for or on account of tin; aids hereby granted to his Majesty, hi* heirs and successors, or of any payment to h: made in purfttatlCe of this act, but that the same shall be accounted for to his Majftly, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it enacted, That no letters or packets feat by rite poll to or from any pk.ee or places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of polbgc according to the rates established by this act, other than and except such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under fuel; rcflric-rions as are herein after declared and enacted concerning the same; that is to say, all letters and; packets not exceeding the Wright of two ounces, aid not coming fro n any foreign place or pans,beyond the f:.is, and fi-.nt from and to any place or places within this kingdom during the fitting of any fi ilion of parliament, t*r within forty days before, or forty days after any fumrnons or prorogation of the fiu-.-.e, which shall be signed on the out fide thereof by any member of either of ibeluo houses of parli'ame'm in this k.ngdom, and whereof the whole fupcrfcriplbn shall be of the hand-writing of such members, and Audi hare endorsed thereon in the fuvtc hand writing, and on the same side with such superfeuptiou and' f.gnatmc, the month, and the day of the month and year when the fame Audi be put into any yofl-office of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the poll, the day and month to be in words atUngth; and Audi also have endorsed*thereon inihc fjn:c hand-writing, tin; dame of the pofl-town from which the fame is intended to be feut.

XI. Provided always, That no such letter or picket shall p.-.fs free of the duly of pottage, unless the member directing the same shall have actually been in the post-lown, or within the dittrift or delivery of such poll-town where such letters

Vol. XVIII, Hh or

A. 1 h *797-

Cl\i\\ II. L/W/

122

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

or packets shall be put in, to be forwarded by post on the day of the date super* *797* ^‘bed on such letter or packet; and also except all letters and packets not exceed*

Chap. II. *n6 the like weight, which shall during the fitting of any session of parliament, o.-

Iwithin forty days before, oifojrty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, be directed from any place in this kingdom, to any member of cither house of the parliament of this kingdom, at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at any of his usual places of residence, or at the house of parliament of which he is a member; also all letters and packets from and to any place within this kingdom, directed to his Majesty's lieutenant-general or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the lord high chancellor, the lord high treasurer, the commissioners of the treasury, and their fccietary, his Majesty's adjutant-general for the time being, in this kingdom, his Majesty's principal secretary of Rate for this kingdom, the chief secretary of such lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Ulster and Munster, the under-secretary and first clerk for tile v -civil department in the said chief secretary’s office, the under-secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of such chief-secretary, the chief commissioner of the barrack board, or to his Majesty's post-roafter-general of tin* kingdom, the secretary of the said general poll-office, the comptroller of the fort" ing-office in the said general post office, and the surveyors of the said post-oflice, all for the time being; and all letters and packets sent by any of the said officers for the time -being, from and to any place within tiffs kingdom, which {half relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own private concerns only, and shall he signed, fupcrfcriled, and dated on the outside of such letters as aforesaid and in case any such officer shall receive under cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any letters or packet* intended for, or-directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby authorized and required to fend the same to the general poll-office in Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of poftagepnyable thereon j it being the truc intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packets only, as relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own immediate and private concerns; and also, except letters and packets sent from the general post-offkc in Dublin, and which shall appear by an endorsement made thereupon by some person or persons (not exceeding two in number) authorized under the hand and seal of the post-maf. ter-general of tiffs kingdom for the time being, to be on his Majesty's service, and shall be sealed with the seal of the said general post-oflice 5 which person or perfo% aie hereby strictly forbid so to endorse and seal any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which [they shall themselves know to concern the business of the post-of" flee; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and fca* of the said post-master-general> shall knowingly make and subscribe such endorse. xnent, or procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which does not really concern the business-of the said general poll-office, lie shall for the first offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and for the second offence shall be difinifled from his office.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the parliament, and the clerk of the house of commons, for the time being, shall and may respectively from and after the passing of this act, receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all covers containing muster affidavits from the out-pensioner* of the Royal-hospital, and sent from any place within this kingdom, directed to the register of the find hospital, shall be delivered to the said register free

t of

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. t2 j

of the duty of postage, provided that every such cover shall he unsealed, and shall contain no other cnclosure, favc and except the said muster affidavits; and that all printed receipts for the pay of such out-petitioners, made up as a letter, or cover of a letter, and directed with the words, To ottffni/ictur of the Royal*

hajpUal being printed thereon, and signed with the seal of the paymaster of the Royal-hospital, 11.all in like manner he delivered free of postage to such out petitioners within this kingdom, to whom they shall be respectively directed, provided such printed receipts shall not contain any cnclosure; and if any such receipt, cover, or muster-affidavit, Audi be found to contain any enclosure whatsoever, contrary to the true intent asul meaning of this act, then and in that ca fe, every such receipt made up as a cover or letter, am! every such cover or muster-affidavit shall be charged and liable to treble die duty of postage, according to the rates established by this act, any tiling herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it ena&etl, That it shall and may be lawful to and for certain per, ions, who by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain, have heretofore sent or received letters and packets free from the duty of postage, by virtue of, or urdcf any nd or acts of the Britishi parliament, to send and receive by the post, letters and packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from ail]? part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty of postage, subject nevert hclcfc to such limila tions and restrictions as persons in this kingdom, who by virtue of their employments or offices, are permitted to send and receive letters and packets free of postage, arc subject and liable to by this nd.

XV. And whereas frauds may be practised in -fending covers, letters, and packets by post, directed to members of parliament, ami other persons privileged by this act to receive letters and packets free of the duty of postage, containing letters and packets intended for others, and not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters, and packets are so directed, whereby the per-ions for whom such letters and packets are really intended, may receive such covers, lettters, and packets free from the duty of postage, to the injury of the revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said post master-general, and all persons acting under tlus ad, to charge the whole of such covers, letters, and packets, with treble the duty of postage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVF. Provided always, That if it shall appear by the certificate of such member* that such cover, letter, or packet, so charged, was actually intended for such member, or for some of his family, and not covering a correspondence to any person noi refulent in his house, that then and in every such case, the postage so charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained^ shall extend to charge with the duty of postage any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being fentby the post without covers, or in covers open at the fulcs, which shall be signed on the outildc thereof by any member of parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member at any place within this kingdom, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the post-master-general of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's post-master-general, who shall be thereunto licensed by the said post-master-general respectively, but that all such votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, so sent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of postage.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That no such printed newspapef shall pais free of postage from the general-post office pursuant to any such notice, or from any other

a h % post*

A.D. 797-

Chap. 11.

124 A.D. ^97-Chap, i ’

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

poll-office in tli»king<’.r>n!, ur.l-.f; filth newljsii'cr shall be put into such poA-olKc-s of the cities or mu ll I in u l.irii futii nev/fpi pas shall be printed respectively, two hours at the k-fori. llu: lime of tU pi.il being <iifp.>tc'nctl therefrom.

XIX Awl whciva.i; i.c ncdicat that thenon commissioned officers, seamen and private , employed) n his M deity's navy, army, militi >, fcncible regiments, artillery, am! marines, should whilrt on fewice, be permitted to lend and receive Tingle letters by the p-lt on their own private concerns, at a low rate 01 pottage; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this a^, no fmglc letter fem by the post from any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fcncible regiments, artiiSoy, or marines, ll.all whilst such w n-ar..n.UV;oned officer, seaman, or private respectively, shall be employed on his MajestyX service, and not otherwif , be charged, or chargeable, by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of pufiage than the sum of one penny, for the conveyance of every such letter*, such ra.c of pjflage of one penny for every such letter, to be paid at the time of putting the fame into the poll-office of the town or place from whence such letter i» intended to be sent by the post *, provided iwvertheless, that no letter or letters, font by the post from any uon-commissioned officer, fcaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fcncible regiments, artillery, or marines, shall be exempted from the payment of the rate of portage chargeable upon letters, according to the Jaws now in force, unless there shall be written upon cvety such letter, in the handwriting of, am! signed by the commanding o neer for the time being, of the flap or vefie), or of the corps, regiment, or detachment, to which each non-commissioned officer, fcamau, or private, employed in his JVlajefry's service shall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, mid of the fl»ip, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment, commanded by him.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Aact, no bugle letter font by the post from any non-cown>.:Jfi-oned officer, fcaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, ten-cible regiments, artillery, or marines, from any pan of Great Briuin, to Ireland, shall whiitl such non-commissioned officer, Teaman, or private respectively, shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged, or chargeable with any rate of portage whatsoevcv, in case a duty for portage of one penny -shall have been paid thereon in Great Britain, provided that no letter or letters font by the post from any such non-commissioned officer, Teaman, or private, shall be exempted from the rate of portage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter hi the handwriting of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time he ing, of the fhtp or veffid, or of the corps, regiment or detachment, to which such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's service. Avail respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment, commanded by him.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afor.-fud, That from and.afrcr the passing of this act, no Tingle letter sent by the post, dhedUd to any nor.-conmiiffioned officer, fcaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fcncib'e icgiments, artillery, or marine?, upon his own private concern? only, whiift such respective uon-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, shall be employed in his Majesty's fcivice, and not otherwise, flu I! be charged, or chargeable by virtue of any act of parliament now of force, with an higher T3te of pollags than the sum of one penny for each such letter, which sum of one perry lhill bs paid at the time of the delivery thereof} proiided neverthehis, that no such letter shall be exempted from the rate of pottage chargeable upon letters, according

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 125

to the laws now in force, unless every such letter shall be directed to such non- A.D. eonmissioned officer, fcaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's service, spe- i ygj. cifying the ftnp, veiled, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment to which Chap. il. lie may belong; provided also, tli.it it ilia! not be lawful for the deputy poll-mailer of the town ~r-place to which such letter shall be font to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person, except to the non-commifluned officer, feamnn, or pri-\ ne, to whom such letter diaii b: directed, or to any person employed to receive the same by the commanding officer of the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment to which the non-commissioned officer, fe.iman, or pii-vate, to whom such letter th *11 he directed shall belong*

XXII. And be it en.-sted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's poA-tmlier general of this kingdom, or any of the officers employed under him, toex.!m!-.e ami search any packet sent within a cover, or in a cover open at the fules, in order to discover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed votes, proceedings, or printed newspapers; and in order to difeorer whether such printed newspapers shall have been duly damped; and in case any letter or paper, or thing whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed, written, or concealed in, on, or with such printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any writing, other than the superscription of such printed votes, proceedings, or newspapers, or any of them, or on, or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packet, shall be charged with treble the duty of postage by this act imposed and in case any such newspaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such oilier is hereby required to flop the fame, and fend it to the commissioners of the stamp du. ties, at their office in the city of Dublin.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whosoever, within this kingdom, shall forge or counterfeit the sea! or hand-writing, or make use of the name of any person whomsoever in the superscription of any letter or packet to be sent by the post, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, or shall forge, counterfeit, oralter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packer, or shall write, or cause to be written, or font by the post any letttr or packet, the superscription, or any part whereof flinll be forged, counterfeited, or altered, in order to avoid-the payment of the duty of poj'hge, knowhig the same to he forged, counterfeited, or altered; or if any jviftm or persons within tin's kingdom, fli dl forge, or counterfeit, or alter, ot procure to be for.rrd, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of either huufe of the parliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of t! e duty of postage, in order to have the postage charged upon any cover, letttr, or packet refunded; every person so offending, being thertof duly convicted, fltail for the first offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for the ftcond offence the sum of or.c hundred pounds, and for the third offence, shall he deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years; and that it shall and may hs lawful to and for his Majesty's post-mast.’Ngeneral of this kingdom, and his deputies, and all persons ailing under this act, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part whereof, shall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duty of postage payable by virtue of this act; which duty shall be levied and pud, unless the member of either house of parliament, or other priviledged person whose superscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand to the post-master-gcueial, or his deputies, that such superscription and every part thereof is of his hand-writing.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if anycoiieftor or receiver, ferryman, or other person whatever, appointed, or emrufted or employed to take or receive die tolls

Vol..XVIII. I i or

126 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A» D. or rates any turnpike-gate or bar, cretted upon any highways, bridges, or post-j roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the care of any gate

1 797* Qf ajly walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall demand and Chap. I I. t ,j.c any to|j or rate for t|lc coadiman, post-boy, express-boy, or rider, guard, fer-yarn, or other person, horses or carriages conveying or employed to carry any mail or big of letters in this kingdom, passing through, over, or across the fame, or shall not permit and fuller the horses and carriages, together with the coachman, polt-boy, express-boy, or rider, guards, servants, and other persons so employed,

to pa.s through such toll-gates, bars, or gates, and across such ferries without de-. lay; or if any ferryman shall not within the space of fifteen minutes after demand

made, in all possible cases, convey the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, and other persons, together with the horses and carriages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry, to the usual landing-place; or if any person having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of an hour after demand made aloud at such gate, open the fame, and admit the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, fen-ant, or other persons, together with the horses and horse-carriages employed as aforesaid^ such oilciuler or offenders, being convicted thereof by the oath of such coachman, post-boy, express-boy, or rider, or other credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace within the distritt wherein such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid to the informer, aid if the same shall not.be forthwith paid upon such coaviction, it shall and may be lawful for every such justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the house of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time nor exceeding the space of twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen.days from the time of commitment, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the post-master-general shall cause an account to be kept of all tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages, carrying or travelling with his Majesty's mails at (Tie several and respective turnpike gates through which the same shall pass, and Hull, from time to time, cause the amount f thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads to whom the same are respectively payable, by four.quarterly payments, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further emitted, That all and every, the cl.iufes, provisoes, powers, privileges, disab'dities, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of tini fame matters and tilings contained in an ntt made in the twenty-third and - twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general poii-oflice, and the said oihee, called the penny-post office, entitled, An act for efablshing a soft-ojficcHvithin this kingdom’, and also contained in an att made in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act pajfal in tie twenty tkirdand twriiy fourth years of his present Majesjs reign, entitled, An ucl for rftiblijkhig a pfl-ffueivithin this kingdom: and also contained in an att made in the thirty Gxth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to further explain an d amend an rcl puffA in the twa;'\-!hird and twenty fourth years of his present M fifty's reign, entitled, An act for cji.illishing a p'fffiec within this kingdom; and to explain and at: nd an att passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, Anad to explain and amend an act pafjltl in the twenty-third and twenty* fart!) years ct his present Mfejifs reign, entitled, An act for tfaHfj.ng a offf^e within this kingdom; and not herein, or by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and expended, and shall be con- ftiu.-J

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 127

it rued to apply and extend to this present att, as fully and clTottually, to all intents j) and purposes, as if the fame hail been particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this present act.

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Cowm.issioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise such aids and supplies, as may be sufficient to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that it may be cnatted, and be it emitted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousatid seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousatid seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, there find! be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the fe era. and respective rut 's-, impofilions, duties, charges, and sums of money following; that is to fiy, for and upon the feve-val matters and things expressed in the schedules hereunto annexed, marked A, and B, the several and respective rates, impofilions, duties, charges, and sums of money in the Paid schedules mentioned, for and upon the levenl matter, and things expressed in the said schedules; and for every adveuisement to be contained or pub-listy.’d in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet what footer, being dispersed or made publick ycirly, monthly, or at any other interval or time within the time aforesaid, or in any hand-bill containing more than one advertisement, printed or dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one Hulling; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines which every fu-.h advertisement shall contain over and above the first ten lines; no such line to exeecd in length twenty in’s of the letter called long primer, or two indies and three quarter* of an inch; and for and upon every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix (beets in octavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve (beets in quarto, o: twenty (beets in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate of two shillings for every ihcct of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one printed copy, or imprefiwn thereof; and for and upon all infuranecs for insuring houses, furnituic, gooJs, wares, merchandizes, or oilier property from loss by fire, which fli-11 be nude at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and notety-seven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one ihoufind seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, a duty after the rate of one liiil.ing for every one hundred p-mn 'e infuied thereby; and for and upon all infur.me:s upon any life or lives, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the .’anger of the fcas, or other perils at fra, which Hull be made at any time during the tunc aforesaid, a duty be p ud Ii 2 after

t

128 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

after Ae rate of one foilling am! (!x pence, for every one hunilred pounds insured

»797- er-.l'J'-

Clia'I. (0 I!- An<l bc !t enacted, That in case any such atly. ti'ement be printed in linens CX-

ccedine such lcnpih as aforesaid, then and in that case, there shall be paid for every such advertisement, treble the duties herein before mentioned.

III. A:ul be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, for or relating to the payment of any fern of mo* ney, or for nuking any valuable consideration for or on the loss of any ship or veffd, goods, monies or effects, or upon any loss by lire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for, or upon any life or lives, flr.il! be conitru.-d, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of insurance, within the meaning of this act.

IV. And be it emitted, That,every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment, or writing, between the captain, mailer, or owner of any flop or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect of the frdght, or - conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandizes, or effects laden, or to b'-

laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter-party within the meaning of this act.

V. And for correcting abuses committed by arreilingpersons without any writ or legal process to justify the fame, by means whereof the payment of the duty hereby-given to the crown upon such process may be evaded: be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March) 011c thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, every officer or clerk belonging, or that Hull hereafter belong to the court of Ung’s-bench, court of common pleas, or court of exchequer, who ff-.all sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrclt any person or persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof, Jet down upon such writ or process, the day ami year of liguing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, or in the hook wherein the nbllraft of such writ or procels shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the stun of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; such forfeiture to be recovered by civil-bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for the fime.

VI. And be it enacted, TT.nt all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directory, by whatever name or names entitled or describad, aie and shall be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanack, and directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained* shall not extend to charge any accounts, bills of parcels, or hills of fees.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administration of-any common seaman or soldier who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company, under whom such seaman or soldier served at the time of his death; oi the truth-whereof an oath (or If by a quaker a lolcmn affirmation) shall be made before the proper judge or otficer by whom such probate or ailminiitr.uion ought to be granted; which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, without fee or reward.

IX. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money imposed by this act, shall be raised, levied, or paid, or be payable unto your Majesty, by virtue of this act, by any person or persons who shall be admitted to sue or defend in fornut p.:uperis> so far as relates to the futt in which lie, (lie, or they il ail be so admitted to sue or defend.

5

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 129

X. Provided also, That this act, or any chuse herein contained, 0 nil not he A.D.

cor.strued to charge with any duty, any warrant made by, ov recognizance taken 1797.

before any justice or justices of the pjacc, or any proceedings of any court

which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrant*-'. n ' .-ices and proceedings shall be and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties imposed by this act.

XI. Provided also, That this att shall not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid, any act of parliament, proclamations, orders of council, forms of prayer and thaiikfgiving, or any atts of Hate winch Arall be ordered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed; or printed votes or other matters which arc or shall bs ordered to be printed by cither house of parliament; any boohs commonly used in any of the schools of Ireland, ov any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any advertisement published by the tiuf-tecs of hospitals relative to the businessof such hospitals *, or any fuigle advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts, or bills of goods imported or exported so as such daily accounts, or such bills of goods Imported and exported, do contain no other matter than accounts of goods imported into, and exported from this kingdom, and the particulars relating to such exports and imports, so as the fame be printed and published by such ofiitcr or officers ns Audi be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, printed or published by any other person or persons, except such olKc^r or officers authorized as aforesaid, whether printed ov published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other lime or times, or published as account's, or aUlracls of account*, or in any other manner whatsoever, fl ail be, ami are hereby deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported ;nd exported, and subject 10 the duties hereby impeded, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day’s accounts of imports or exports contained therein 5 that is to lay, the sum of one penny for every clay’s account or ubilract of every day’s account of imports or exports, which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein conuined shall extend, or be conllrued to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any stamp or duty what* f.ever.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause to be kept a distinct account of the money a riling from the respective duties of ton pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, on the ndmission of any fludem, and on the admission of any barrister into the inns of court, and the further duty of seven pounds in the said schedule mentioned upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney* and that the receiver general of the duties hereby granted, shall p-.y the fame at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and the commissioners of Ins Majesty's treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, a! cause the same to be paid to the treasurer of the said foctety, to he applied by him i.i such maimer as shall be directed by said fncicty.

XV. And be it enacted, That the commissioners or officers for the flamping a:ul marking of vellum, parchment and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall keep their head office in feme convenient place within the city ot Dub in, and the find conuriffionevs, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and fe.d, to appoint such inferior officers, with the coiifrnL and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, for the mavk-Vol. XVIII. K k ins

Jj2 The thirty-sevenib Year of George III.

A, D "T or damping of vellum, parchment, ami paper, and for the better collecting or levying of the duties h.reby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and fucciilers, as 17 / they at their discretion ilia! think proper.

Cjinp. 12,

XVI. And be it enacted, That all types,-marks and stamps heretofore used Ly

the fuid conmiissioner.i, or by any officer or officers acting under their authority? for marking the said duties, andall impressions made therewith on any deeds, records, or writings whatever, shall be, and the fame and every of them are, and is hereby declared lawful and valid to till intents and purposesj and that in all actions, luits, inci dments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in this act, or for or touching any act or acts heretofore done, or hereafter to be done by the said'commiUioners and officers, or any of them, in virtue or under colour of their respective offices, it shall be deemed and taken that the f.ml commissioners and officers have been duly appointed to their offices respectively, without producing their patent, appointment or coir.mif* /ion, and without giving evidence that they Imvc performed the several requires pre_

/bribed by law-to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the several commissioners and officers heretofore

appointed for the marking or /lamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the d :tics thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such offices respectively, as also such other commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance of this act, for more effectually levying the fcvor.il duties hereby grant.d, continue to ad in the several of-

flees to which they have been, or shall be-so appointed, or which they now actually

hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and ai thorkies, and subject

Jo the fame leftriclions and limitations as are mentioned in former acts of parliament granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, save as herein is

otJierwif; directed, unless such commissioners or inferior officers' shall be sooner re-

moved from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, or unless such inferior officers shall be sooner rc-

moved from such o/fices by the said conimilfitmers, with the con fen t and approbation of 11(0 lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of tin’s kingdom, for the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and (lamps already kept or ufid for denoting aiul marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the several and rtffipedive duties granted by the said acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office, for denoting and marking-on vellum, parchment and paper, the several and respective duties hereby granted, shall be the only true and lawful types, marks, and stamps, for the stamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment and paper, on which any of the several things herein directed -to be charged, have been or shall be engrossed or written: and that from time to time, as often as such types, marks, or stamps, or any of them, shall be worn out, or otherwise- become unserviceabic, the said commissioners may enufe the same to be repaired and rendered fit for use, or cause renewals thereof, or similar types, marks, and (lamps to be made and used, tf they shall think proper so to do; and that where such types, marks, or (lamps, fl.all not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this act, two or more cf such types, marks, or stamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the duties chargeable by this act, niav be used for marking

' and impressing vellum, parchment, and paper,-with such duties; or the said com-

miffioiters may cause to be provided new types, marks, or stamps, for denoting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to (lamp and mark vellum, parchment, and paper chargeable with such dettes, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or marks used, or to be used for delating and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the said duties, or any of

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 13 i

them, may be changed, varied, or altered from thru: to t me, as your M.vely, your A.D. heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other elder governor or chief gover- j , nors of this kingdom, for the time being, flvdl think fit: provided t'i. t whenfoevu* Chap.* 12 such devices or marks shall be -changed, varied, or altered, llnm ami in c\ery lueh ^V\--ca e, publick notice of every such change, vari 'tlcn, or :iIt-*»ih ill be given by advjrtilement in the Dublin Gazette, and in tome other jvi'mck new.-jvpor, a convenient time before the types, marks, or {lamp's. or which fu.h new-devhe*, or marks dull he made, be use.L

XX. And be it uncled, Th.at all courts of justice, and judges Audi, without allegation or proof on that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, ami /lamps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the ody true ami lawful types, marks, and (lamps, for the purpose herein mentioned

XXI. And be it enacted, That the commh'sioners heretofore appointed, or hereafter to he appointed by your Majesty, your heirs and fuccdlors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or cl*5-f governors of this kingdom, for the time being as aforesaid, or the major p/rt of such commissioners, shall and may from time to time, as they shall see orcasion, appoint one or more fit person or persons to attend in any court or courts, o ! cc or olficcs, which person or persons shall have full power and authority to-inspect and exa ine the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any of the matters or tilings aforesaid have -been or shall he engrofled or written, or put, and also the marks or (lamps thereupon, and also nil other nutters and things tending to secure to your heirs and successors, the duties arising by this act or by any former act, whereby any duties were granted to your Majesty, upon {lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom dt-may appertain, at the rcqudt of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, shall make such orders in their respe£Uvc court ;, and do such other matters ami things for the better securhig of the said duties, os shall be lawfully and icasonable desired in that behalf*, and that-every commission or, ami other officer before he proceeds to the execution of his o'lice under such appointment, shall take and subsertbe the oath prescribed by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years Of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An ml for granting unto pur JlLijtjIyt your heirs amI fucccjfers, several duties upon stampal vellumt parchment, ami paper^ to be admimltered as in the fab! act is mentioned: provided that nothing in this act contained, shall affect, -or be conflvucd to aflecl, an act passed in this kingdom in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An <v? to regulate the qualifications of persons appointed to offers in this hingditfif wherein two or more grantees c.cl under one gra>rtf commission, or appointment but that the said act, and every part thereof, shall remain in full force

XXII. And be it enacted, Tint the said commissioners and other officers heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforehud, and all officers employed, or to be employed or entrusted by or under-them as aforesaid, shall, from time to tin.*, for the better execution of t'ifir fev nl oli es and trulls, observe such rides, methods, and orders as they refnefi:v\-Iy hive received,.or Hull receive, from time to time, from the lord lieutenant, or other chief gavanor or governors of this kingdom, or the commissioners of ins Majesty's treasury, or any thre of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being*, and that the said Commissioners shall take sped.il care that the fver.il parts of this kingdom, fr:;n time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and piper, (lamp «d or marked as aforesaid, fu that your Majesty's subjects may Iwvj it in their 'tlcctum lo buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the find CfHiuuflVmers, at the ufu.fi rates above the fud duty, or to bring their own vtl-luui, pirdiment, and paper, to be stampe.l as afer-uid, or to furaifii chcmiUves from others who shall have done the same.

I3e The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XXIII. Be it further ciufted, That after the paffmg1! of this act, all at-j jij'j, tirnieS) solicitors, or other persona shall make their several charges upon their* Chap* I2» clients or employers, for engrossing bills, answers, and other pleadings in ecui-

ty, at or after the known and usual rates for every Ik'm, according to the number of skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any attorney, foticit.'r, or other person, shall, for writing or engrossing one (kin cf parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one lki<:, making his charge by the (heel:, or in any other manner than by the ikin, u.i.ler pretence of having inserted in such one skin of parchment a greater number of (beets thin twenty, or under anyoth*r pretence whatsoeves, such charge Ha all not be payable by the client; and further, that every attorney, foUcitor, or other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of ten pounds, and for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any bill of cost in any cause in your Majesty's courts of chancery or exchequer, in which there shall be any charge or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, or other pleadings in the hid courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, and filed in either of the said courts, shall be taxed, the officer who shall respectively tax such bills of costs, shall tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such . bills and answers, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the skin, according to the number of skins nftually contained in such pleadings, and not according to the number of fliccts or words contained in.such ikin, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and such officer, if the bill of costs to be taxed be in a cause in the court of chancery, shall signify at the foot of such bill of cost, that the number of skins contained in the pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the keeper of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his deputy; and if such bill cf cost be in a cause in the court of exchequer, the officer who shall tax the fame, shall flgnify at the foot of such bill that be hath inspected the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of costs; and in case such officers respectively, who shall tax such bills of costs as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such certificate as aforesaid, or to inspect the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of cost, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills, an-

fivers, or other pleadings in manner herein directed, every such officer so neglect-iilg or refusing respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such neglect or refusal, the sum of ten pounds: And in case the keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of chancery, or Jus or their deputy, shall neglect or refuse to inspect and certify the number of skins contained in such pleadings, as aforesaid, to the proper officer of such court, upon being applied to by him for the purposes afore-f«ud, such keeper or keepers, or his or their deputy, shall for every such neglect or

rcfuf.d, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds; which said several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion, by order of the said courts of

chancery and exchequer, upon complaint made to them respectively, against any

officer who flvall.be guilty of any such neglect or refusal, and Hull enure to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Hull extend, or be

cotiftrued to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bill, answer, or other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity or number of fliccts to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in every ikin, according to the number of fliccts above sperified.

4

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. *33

XXVI. And be it e:u&:d, That every copy of every affidavit which shall be A- D.

read in any court whatsoever, (h ill be engrofed or wrutsn in such manner, as j

tint the quantity of writing contained in any one (beet or piece of piper, shall not Chap, f 2.

be deemed more than one ihecc, according to the manner in which the officers of the courts, in which such affidavit shall be respectively filed, charge by the (licet

for such affidavit; and if any officer of any court shall charge for the quantity of

writing contained in any one sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy of such

affidavit fit ill be written, more than the fees to which he shall be entitled for one

(licet, according to the course of the court in which such affidavit shall he filed, lie

shall for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten

pounds, with treble costs of suit to any person or persons who shall sue for the

lime, in any court of iccord, by action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no

tiToign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of

proper jurisiiiciiuu.

XXVII. And to prevent frauds which may be committed by writing such copies upon both Tides of any sheet or piece of paper, be it enacted, That where more than one flue or page of any sheet of paper shall be stamped or marked with the duty by this act, charged on paper on which such copy of an affidavit shall be written, each side or page so marked or stamped, shall be deemed a separate sheet orpiece of paper, within the intent or meaning of this att.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings in the courts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written, or are now written, save as herein otherwise mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all writings, matters and things, in respect whereof any of the said duties shall be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be written in such manner, that some part thereof shall be written on the (lamps or marks which flull in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, and such writing shall from thence be so continued in the usual form of writing, or engrossing deeds or writings, so that no blank space shall be left, whereby such (lamps might be made applicable to any other deed or instrument whatsoever, upon pain that the person who shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter or thing, contrary to the true meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of 'ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who inform and sue for the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be chaTged with the several duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, he bro ugltt to the head-office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked; and the said commissioners and officers are hereby required, upon demand of the person or persons

so bringing the same, forthwith, without any fee or reward, to (lamp or mark any ’

quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the same*

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arrested, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive,by virtue of any writ or process of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the (hcrifl* or other Officer shall take bail ftoia such person agarnft whom such writ or process shall

j 34 7'he thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

issue, the fiierKF or other officer, at the request and cod of the plaintiff in such I ygy. aflton or suit, or of his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action Chap, 12. or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the fame, and atteding it under his hand and seal, in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done without any damp, provided, the assignmetr do endorsed, be duly damped before any such action «be brought thereupon j and also, that for and during the time aforesaid, when and so often as it shall become nccdTnry for any fiieriff, or other officer having authority to grant replevins, to af-.sign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin, to the avowant or defendant in such action, such assignment may he made without any damp; provided the assignment so made, be duly damped before any action be brought thereupon.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner, or other officer appoint* ed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark or damp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to the head-office aforesaid, to be damped or marked, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act, shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and fucccdors, he shall for every such odence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person orpsrfons have or hath engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, at any time since the commence* jnent of the said acts, or any of them, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, parchment, or paper was chargeable by the said acts or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty,

- before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, hath been, or shall be marked, or stamped as aforesaid, or hath, or have engrossed or written, or cause to be engrofled or written, or shall engross or write, or caused to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that hath or have not been damped with any duty, or that have been, or shall be damped or marked for any lower duty than the duty by the said acts, or this act, payable for what hath been, or shall be so engrossed or written, then, and in every such case, there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, over and above such duty as aforesaid, for every such deed, indrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds 5 provided the same shall be brought to be damped within the spaccof five years from the execution of such deed, indrument, or writing; or if at any time after the expiration of such term of five years, then the sum of -twenty pounds; and no such deed, record, indrument, or writing, shall on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given, or received in evidence in any court or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as the case shall be, shall be fird paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame, under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until - the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, indrument, or writing, hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be marked or damped with a lawful mark or damp; and the proper officer or officers are hereby required upon payment, or tender of such duty, and sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as the case may be, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp such vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or damp that shall be proper for such deed, indrument, or writing, respective!y.

XXXIV. Provided always, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to damp all indruments executed out of this kingdom, upon payment of the duty payable thereon according to this act, without paying the said additional duty of Jen pounds, proof being first made to the satisfaction' of the said commissioners,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of this kingdom, provided the fame shall be brought to be {lamped within the space of two years from the execution thereof, respectively.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to judgments upon pykf>/, inquisitions, writs of feire ficuu, or to judgments upon nil dicky or ccgtiovit aHniicm 5 provided that the fame he {lamped with the proper {lamp within one month next after the fame .{lull have been signed, and that no discount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That any officer or officers who shall neglect or omit to bring such judgment or judgments to be {lamped within one month, as hereby directed, Hull for every such neglect or omission, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, or by aftioti, in any court of record in this kingdom.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall engross or write,

orcaufc to be engrafted or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or {lamped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, any matter or thing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty than the duty by this act payable for what shall be so eflgrossed or written, such perfotis so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds,-to be recovered by civil bill; one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform and fuc for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office, or employment, is or shall be authorized or entrusted to make, engross, or write any records, deeds, instruments, or writings, by this ?.ft charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any practice, to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any duty by this act payable, by making, engrossing, dr writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or bycaufing the same to be made, and engrossed, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or stamped with any mark or stamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, instrument, or other writing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which lie shall know to be {lamped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable by this act -upon the fame, then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any such fraud or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, Hull forfeit his office, place, or employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future} and if any attorney belonging to any court, shall be wilfully guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an attorney.

XXXIX. And to prevent committing frauds on your Majesty, in respect of the duty payable on the admission of attornies into courts be it enacted, That no attorney shall practise either in his own name, or in the name of any other attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or in any court of record whatsoever, in which attornies are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which lie shall have actually been admitted and sworn an attorney, on pain of the person so practicing being rendered incapable of being sworn an attorney in any court of law*, and every attorney who shall so practise in any court in which lie shall not have been admitted and sworn an attornq, shall be disabled from recovering the costs of any proceedings carried on by him in any such court.

L 1 a

XL. Ami

1^6 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XL. And be it enacted, That every person to be (worn or admitted an attorney in any of Ids Majesty's courts of law, or any court of record whatsoever, or a so-Chap I 2. heitor of the court of chancery, shall, previous to such admission into every court, produce to the proper officer to whom he shall apply to be admitted an attorney or solicitor as aforesaid, a certificate signed under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers, appointed to receive the stamp duties, dating that such person Ins paid the duty by this act made payable on such admission; which certificate shall be lodged with such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody to be examined by the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any officer by them appointed, at any time they shall think fit; and that from and after the passing of this act, every person who shall be bound an apprentice to an attorney, shall also obtain a written certificate from some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of his having paid the duty by this act made payable on such indentures of apprenticeship, which certificate shall be lodged with the proper officer of the court in which such indentures are enrolled, or to which the mailer of such apprentice doth belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of, and keep such certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced, and read in open court on the admission of every attorney, and produced to a matter of the court of chancery on the admission of a solicitor of that court, before be shall be admitted and sworn an attorney or solicitor respectively, as aforesaid and that no person shall be capable of practising as an attorney or solicitor respectively, or of recovering any bill of coftsdue to him as an attorney or solicitor, unless lie shall have paid the stamp duties hereby imposed upon him when bourn! apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid*, and it is the meaning and intention of this act, that no person be admitted an attorney inro any court, unless such person shall have served his regular time or apprenticeship of fire years to a practising attorney of the said courts.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall write, or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, either in the whole or part, any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paptr shall have been again marked or stumped according to this act; or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the name or namls of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or thing engrossed, written, or printed in such instrument, writing, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or -stamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such stamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then and in every such case, every such person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and the Lid piece of vellum, parchment or paper so taken off, and on which any deed, instrument, or writing hath been or shall be written or made, shall lc deemed not to have been duly stamped.

XLII. Provided always, and’be it enacted, That so often as the said devices or marks, or any of them shall be changed, or altered as herein before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all persons who shall have at the rimes respectively of such alteration or change, in their custody or possession, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the impressun of the type, mark, or (lamp which shall have been so changed, varied, fcor altered, upon which none of I the

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the space of sixty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, fuel) vellum, parchment, and paper to the (hid commissioners at the head office in the city of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid; and the salt! commissioners and officers respectively, are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered unto the several persons who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vellum, p irehmem, or paper, so stamped as aforesaid, and as good in quality, marked with the impression of such new type, mark, cr stamp, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, any sum of money or other couflilcrution whatever, under the penalty of forfeiting for every fu:h offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect or omit within the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said commissioner, or officers as Aforesaid, any such vellum, parchment or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other effidt than if such vellum, parchment or paper had never been damped; and that alJ nutters and things which Out! be engroiT.d or written thereon, after such time as shall be appointed by such advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered types, mirks, or stamps as aforesaid, shall be of no other died than as if they had b»en engrofled or written on vellum, parchment, or paper not marked or stamped j and all persons who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the duties aforesaid, oil such vellum, parchment, or piper, after the said rime, 111 ill incur and suffer such penalty as is herein before directed to be inflicted on persons writing and engrossing on vellum, parchment, or piper, not marked or stamped.

XU1l. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which has been marked or stamped, and has paid the duties granted by any act or acts of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional stamp, mark, or duty, except in cases where by this act, or any other act or actes, duties greater than those heretofore laid on are, or have been imposed, in all which cases, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, upon request of any person or persons, to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be stamped with a duty denoting a higher duty, the person or persons requesting the fame paying the difference of price between the said respective (lamp?; or that vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with (lamps denoting such duties as the person or persons requeuing the same shall deflre, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper, as shall be offered for exchange; provided, that the amount of the duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be stamped, shall not exceed the amount of the duties on the vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered for exchange: provided also, that the (lamps marked on such veilum, parchment, and paper, so to be offered for exchange, be cancelled,

XJL1V. And for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment and paper, and that your Majesty's subjects may have the fame with convenience and at an easy rate; be it enidled, that the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall once in every year, at lead, set the prices at which all forts of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper shall be fold; am! thi said commissioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall (lamp the prices so set upon every skin or piece of vellum or p inffiment, and on every piece or (beet of paper so by them to be sold*, and the said commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person who shall bring veilum, parchment, or paper to the said head-office to be (lamp.-d in pursuance uf this vet,

Vql.XVM, Mm the

*37 A.D.

1797-Chap. li

138 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

ilie duties whereof shall amount to the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, faro 1797* vellum, parchment, nnd paper, to bs stamped with the duty uf ore hundred

Chap, t 2. P0U11da, in the said schedulu mentioned, after the rate of thtcc pounds for every

meat or paper To by them brought; and titat any person or persons who shall bay any parchment or paper at the Imd-oAue for stamping the fame, th- duty whereof flull amount to the like sum of twmty pounds or upwards, save a» 'f.fi.'d, shall have the fame allowance for prompt payment.

XLV. Provided always, That no person shall be inti:1cd to such allowance 0: three pounds per cent, save printers and publifiu’rs of nev/s-p tp.*r', am almanack-makers, ns to the duties p lyable on such pap:n and aim macks, b; virtue of this act, unless an affidavit shall b2 sworn before one of the said commilii mere, and lodged in the saidoffice, that the vellum, pjrchment, and paper, up 0:1 which such allowance is to be made, is intended to be vended by retail, fair a \ i without any writ* ingthsreon, and by the person miking fjch affidavit, for hi, own sole use and be* nefit.

XLVI. Provided always, That the duty mentioned in the said schedule, shall not be charged on any draft or order for the payment of money on demand payable to bearer, drawn upon any banker, or person ncling as a banker within ten miles of the abode of the person drawing such draft; nor to charge with the said duty . any bill of exchange, promr.Tbry or other note, draft, or order payable on demand, with any higher duty than three pence, where the sum shall not exceed

ten pounds: Provided also, That no foreign bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, shall be charged with any higher duty than the duty contained in

- the schedule hereunto annexed, and that every duplicate and triplicate of such foreign bill shall be chargeable with the like duty.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the duties by this act charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, drafts, or orders, shall be paid by the person or persons ..giving the same.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall charge any receipt for any money paid into the bank of Ireland, or the House of any banker, or any receipt or other discharge given for the purchase of any (lock, or fund, or (lock in the bank of Ireland, nor for any money payable on the government funds dtablished by parliament, or on any other (lock ns aforesaid, nor on any receipt given on the back of any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory, or other

note, or on any bank note, or bank pod-bill, or to any letter acknowledging the

f.ife arrival of any bills, notes, or.remittances, or any receipt endorsed on, or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory instrument by this act directed to be stamped, or to any release or acquittance by deed, ot :to any-reciipt given by any agent, for-money on account of the pay of the army or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer or seaman, or Toldier, or their representntives for wages, or other monies due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer of the exchequer or revenue, for money received on account of any duty, tax, -rent, or other, sum paid for the use of his Majesty.

XLIX. Provided nevertheless, That ihe notes, bills, or receipts of hankers, other than notes, bills, and receipts of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall not be exempt from the said duty, unless the bankers issuing the fame, shall have previously>regHlcred their names and firm with the commissioners of (lamps, at the head office in the city of Dublin, and paid into the said ^office the sum of-one hundred pounds*

L. And be it further enacted, That all persons so registering themselves as bankers, for the purpose of exempting their notes and receipts from the payment

3

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. *39

of the said tax, shall, to all intents and pv.rpotes, be considered AS b inkers, within A. 0. the meaning of the laws now of force within this kingdom. ! JC)~.

LI. And be it enacted, That the whole sum for which any receipt Hull be given, Chn.p. 1 it. Audi be really exprefitd in fitch receipt; and all pjrfons who shall give or accept any receipt in which a left sum shall be expressed than the film actually received, with an intent to evade the duties, or shall divide the sum actually paid in divers receipts) or shall, by any general acknowledgment, or use of the wrrd " settled0 or such like words, endeavour to evade the duties, or be guilty <. ' or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance, to defraud his Majesty of any u ‘ the duties on receipts, such person ot perfous so giving or accepting such receipt or genual acknowledgment, or so receiving a left sum than shall be expressed in *-tch receipt, shall forfeit twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, who shall first sue for the same, and the other to your Majesty.

LII. And be it enacted, That all receipts expressed to be in full, or as a^satisfaction of all demands, and all general acknowledgments of debts or demands being discharged, or settled, and all bills or accounts, signed by any feller of goods, or any person for him, or her, and delivered to the purchaser thereof, shall be deemed receipts for above twenty pounds, shall be liable to the duty of four pence.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the duty on receipts shall be paid by the person by whom the same shall be given, as well by landlords as by all other persons.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all undamped receipts not amounting to two pounds, and which shall, by the infection of the words " in full of all demands," or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, may be given in evidence, and may be available in law for such furos so txprdffAl, but not as a general acknowledgment of all the debts being discharged.

LV. And be it enacted, That all receipts impress’cd with a Ramp of two-pence, in which any money amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall, by insertion of the words " in full of all demands," or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, may be given in evidence, and may be available for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged.

LVI. Provided always, That every person receiving money, who shall upon demand, refuse to give a receipt for the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, who shall first sue for the same, and the other moiety to his Majesty.

LVII. Provided also, atul be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall charge any receipt given for drawbacks or bounties on the exportation of any goods from this kingdom, or any other bounties payable pursuant to act of parliament, on any goods whatever, or on any certificates of every entry cf any duties of custom--, nor to any portage bills allowed to mailers of vessels for making a true report of their cargoes at the custom-house, or promtflbry notes, for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings to be passed for tythes.

LVIII. And be it en.uiled. That every person who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, or any receipt, ot other ditoharge given for the payment of money liable to any damp duty charged by this atl, without being first stamped, or on which there flul: not he some (lamp refemMing rite fame, he shall for every such bill of exchange, promissory not?, draft, ur«!rr or receipt, forfeit ihe sum of five pounds.

1-1X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace* n? :r the place where the oifence shall be commuted, to hear and determine any offence ngauift this act, which liib’jets the offender or offender? to the ;>.*n;iiry of five pounds, fir wriiing ,>r i.r umfing to he wi'tieri nr ilguc;, acy b'M ot <?-

Ai m 2 cil.'M/c,

14° The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

D. change, promissory note, draft, or any receipt or discharge given upon the

j 797. payment of money, without being first duly stamped; and such jutUce of the

'iChap* 12. peace is upon any information or complaint hereby authorised and empowered to summoa the party so accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine into the fact, and upon proof thereof, made either by the confession of the person or persons committing such offence, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment for the penalty, and to issue his warrant . under his hand and sea], for levying the penalty of five pounds on the goods of such , offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeem-i cd within six days, and.rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where goods sufficient cannot be found to answer the penalty, such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such offender or offenders to pri-. son for the space of three months, unless such penalty shall be former paid; and if any person or persons finding himself or themselves aggrieved by the jud.-

ment of such justice of the peace, then and in such case he or they, upon giving

security to the amount of the penalty, together with such costs as shall be award*

ed in case such judgment shall be affirmed, may append, to the justices at the next

general quarter fdfions, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such . conviction shall have been made, and of which appcil notice shall be given to: the prosecutor or prosecutors, and such justices shall Common and examine wit-uefitfs upon oath, and finally hear and determine the fame, and no ctrtkrari find; be granted to examine or remove such determination -, and in case the judgment < of such justice of the peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall Teem meet: And it shall be lawful for the justice of the pence where-he fees cause,: to mitigate such penalties, (costs of the officers and ir.-, formers being always allowed above such mitigation) and so as such mitigation do not t reduce the penalties to less than a moiety above the said costs.

LX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses-to give evidence before such-justice of the -peace, and shall ne-gledt or Tcfufe to appear, (such witness or witnesses expences being first paid or ten-, dered,)--without a reasonable excuse-to be allowed by such justice of the peace, or upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, or give evidence before such justice of the peace, then such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, the same to be levied in such-manner as is herein Iaft directed, unless such person or persons so refusing to be examined upon oath,-or to give evidence, shall make reasonable excuse for such refusal, the same to be allowed of by such justice , of the peacC before whom such trial shall be had.

LXI. And be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to be convicted before any justice of the peace for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint; fh *11 -be made within twelve months from the time of committing such offence.

LXII. And be it enacted, That any shop-keeper, or (hop-keepers, dealer, or dealers, or other person or persons, who shall for his, her, or their own sole use, -purclufe at the head office in the-city of Dublin, any quantity of paper, stamped for receipts, and shall at the time of purchasing such damp paper, write or cause -to be written or printed thereon, these words, <l I, or we," (here infeiting the -name or names, Or firm of the person or persons, for whose use, such paper shall be intended to be used,) " do hereby acknowledge, that I, or we," (as the case may be) have received, shall have an allowance thereon, after the rate of fifteen pounds / centum, if the quantity so purchased at one time, shall amount to the value of five pounds, and not exceed fifteen pounds,' and after the rate of twenty pounds per cc;itumt if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount :p fifteen pounds, or upwards.

LXIiL And

X|I

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

I XUT. And be it enacU'd, That no dtdaraiion cr plea, or demurier, in -\. p. r.ny action or suit at law, in any of his M:j.*lly*s court-; of record, nor any [ 7'-)~.

bill cr answer, plea, or demurr-.r, in any 'Mint of equity, ih.dl he received or Ch.ip. 12. lik’d, U'lkfs the iiuom-’y or foSh’itor tendering the same to be (i!oJ, lh.il!, at the v*~w

time lie Hull so tender the f*.me to the oli.-ci oT the court with whom the t.uoe cu ditto be filed, ikpofit with such o:!i :cr, »th.? warrant impo-tciing him to pr fecute or defend such aclhm or fair, which w.trMHt Audi c.'llccr shall without fee cr reward f:,le am! keep in his office; ami if any tllicer of any such cmivLi, Ihml tective any cf such pleadings without fuel: warrant being so iVpMued wiilj !'im, !.<* mall forfeit the Aim of ten pounds: to any perfuti who fhaiiluc lor tl.e fame, hi any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin,

1AIV. Provided always, That in case the party for whose benefit such suit Iliad be prosecuted or defended, shall be out of the kingdom, that the attorney or soli-chor, so presenting or defending the fame, fluil (e received so to do, upon making an affidavit before the said officer, which alhdavit the said oilicer is hereby empowered to administer, that his diem is our o'the kingdom, and that the delay would be injurious; and upon paying the duty payable on warrants of attorney, of which the said officer is hereby directed to keep an account, as lie is also required to p tv ovt’k the same to the proper oilicer for receiving theflump duties imposed by this act.

IAV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to any proceeding to judgment by ctgmvii aSiimm^ or any bond or bill, or to the entering of futisfafiion on any judgment or recognizance.

LXVI. And for better collecting and securing the duties hereby charged on pamphlets, be it enacted, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, which shall before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-eight, be printed or published within the city of Dublin, shall within the lpace of six days after the printing thereof, be brought to the said head-office for marking oi stamping vellum, parchment or paper, and the title thereof with the number of sheets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon,

{ball be registered or entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on Inch pamphlets; and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet that shall be pvinteJ or pubiifiied in any place not being within the city ,of Dublin, shall, within the fp\ce of fourteen days after the printing thereof, bo brought to fonv head distributcr cr collector of the flump duti.-s, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of ffivet.; contained therein, and the duty ihircLy charged thereon, in a book Co he by him kept for that purpose, which duty fluff! be thereupon paid to such coileL.W, who tluil give a receipt for the fame on fu*;h printed copy.

i.XVTL And b: ic ena-Ted, That if any such pamphlet. Hi ill be pinned or puh- ffjed, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall not be duly p ud within the Ttrlpeflive times hereinbefore, for tie several purposes hereby limited, then the printer and publ.fit T, and all other persons concerned in and about the printing a,ki publishing of such pamphlets, shall, For every such offence, forfeit the fuin r.f one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid hi the life of your Mai-.ffv, vuur heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the p'rfon who lii.dl inform and fuc for ‘he fame, by aclioti or inioimation In any of tour Majesty's couits of record, or by ei>U bill in the court oi proper juris* d.ctmi.

JAviJI. And be it enacted, That no primer, or other person orper/oris, /h.ili after the passing of th:o att, nublish any ne". spaper, or any paper serving the VoL. XVIII. . N n purpote

142 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Ji D r*rP°fc of a neufyiper, before be, ffic, or they shall within twentV’Oiie days nicer p.dliis? thereof, together with two sufficient sureties hive entered into sea:- ' rity by lionil, in a sum not e\c.'cding tmee hundred pounds, nor let’s than two I 2. hundred pounds, to your M.ije:!/, yovr he:ri mid f'.iceuVjrs, conditioned forth.'*.

1—’ payment of the duty upon amvr:i:V:iv.,n's -vhh;h be primed therein, upon pb.i

that cvety person so ril'cndt1; f.rf.'il f. u of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to ymr Majesty, you: heirs a.id IucccjWs, and the other to stich persons as fliel! inform and sue for the sum-, by or inform v.ion, in any of your

M.jessy'j tonus of record, or by civil bill i.i the court of proper jurisdk-1)011.

J,

XIX. And be it eu.itt *.l, Tha? if any print*'’, pub'.idi.r or p-opiietor of any such ne’.vfpiper lliti! <juit this king tom, and utlinue ahfrnt therefrom for the fp.ice of three months, or flu have become, and be found a bankrupt, cm ih.di hv. e become, and be found a lunatic, or nsn-ermpes meiris, or flsrill be ou:-liwcd for u y crime, or found guilty and receive judgment for printing or publiiliing ;u y trciterous or fcdilious iihe', that then and in every such case, such printer or printers, publidier or puhliflmrs, proprietor or proprietors, Hull, 10 r.il intents ami purposes, be considered as if he, fl.c, or they had given due notice of having parted with and transferred his or Iter property in such newspaper or newspaj ers re-fpcclively.

LXW Provided always, That nothin? herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the assignees of such bankrupt, or the committee or committees of such lunatic or mn-c:mpos mentis, from priming and publiflting such newspapiT, upon nuking the affidavit and entering into the recognizance by law required, that they arc the primers and pumifliers of such newfjvpers respectively, in trull for such bankrupt, as assigneis of, and committees of lunatics, and n:n<omps)t mentis, respectively.

LXXI. Provided always, That such assignee or committee Hull put his true name ami fnnamc, and the place of his abode to every such licwfp.ipcr, and every such assignee and committee Hull be subject to all such pains, prosecutions, penalties, forfeitures and damages as lie would by law be liable to in case he had primed and fold such ncv.spaper for his own private use and emolument; and that such affidavit fl.all remain with such connnifficners of (lamps or oflicers, to he produced as cccaf.on may requiu at or before the trial of all such actions, suits, prosecutions, inhumations, or imlittment-; as Diall be had or commenced, filed or found, touching such nc\vrp.iper, or any publication (herein contained, and such ml davit shall be received and admitted in all courts of justice as conclusive evidence of all such matters therein, ngninfl nil and every the person and persons wiio shall have signed and sworn the fame, as nforefuid, on the trial of any such action, fuir, pro-fccution, information or imlittmont, pursuant to an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An ml to secure the liberty of the prtfs, by preventing the ubufes arising from the publication of traiterous,/editions,fife and fcamhlous libels, by personss twlmwn.

l/XXII- And be it emitted. That all and every the materials and utensils for printing, used in, and kept at, or belonging to any prinring-house, in which any nowfpaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a tiewfpapsr as aforesaid, hath been, or shall be prtmed, into whose hands soever the same shall have come, or by whatever conveyance or title the fame shall be claimed, shall be in the first place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all and every such sum and sums of money as have become due, or shall become due, for the duty, by this or any former ?tt of parliament, charged on advertisements, which have been, or shall be printed or pubiithed in such newspapers, or other paper as aforesaid, and as shall be due for lines or penalties adjudged against the printer or printers, pub-

5 liflier

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

lifiier or publishers, proprietor or proprietors of such nowlp ip«r, under 2r.1l by 'blue of this a.cl, during such time as fu-.-h nutcri.ls or uunfre were, or Hull be used in, or kept at, or did or lli.d! osl to such p:i:r.iig-lv.*if; lfotefbd j and it shall and may be Iiv/fu!, in all e.f.-<, to levy such sum and fir us of iv-»:ury upon such m.:teri.b$ and utenhls, in ike m inner as if the* printer or prMiters of such tic’.vfpapers, or other paper as uforefrid, were the pr-;p*.iet:r or pr prictar* of huh materials and utenfifc at the tim: of 1 —ying the fune.

l.XXIII. And be it enucled, Thit no pars..i shill iell, or expose to fib, any such pamphlet, or any such ticw.V-.ip r, or any paper, feniin; the puipsf. of newsp.ipei, without the true name and far-aame, «>r names or lur-names, an tli<-place or places of abode of fonte known person or persons, by or fur whom the fame was. le.-.Uy and truly printed or pabiished, being written or printed t1.er.-mt. Upon pain that every person oflending herein shall forfeit for every such ol.Vnce tiic him of fifty pounds, otie moiety thereof to (lie u!e of your Majesty, ym:r heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such persons as shall sue fur the fame, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in toe court of proper jurisdiction.

LX.XIV. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed for diltnbuting vellum, parchment, or paper, in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any Humped paper for printing any publick newspaper, intelligence, or occurrence, to any person, unlcu such person (litIt give security, by bond a6 aforehitil, for the payment of the duties fur the advertisemcuis which shall be printed therein, or thereupon.

LXXV. Ami whereas printers, pubftlhers, and proprietors of ilc’tvfp.ipers, intelligence, or occurrences, or other papers serving the putpof.* of newsp.ipers, intelligence, or occurrences, who have performed the rcijuitltes which by law arc Ktjuired to entitle them to obtain from the commissioners for managing your M ij ally’s stamp duties, or their officers, stamped paper for printing of such new:-papers, or other papers as aforesaid, of which they are respectively printers, pub-lithers, or proprietors, have supp lied printers or proprietors of other newspaper* wrh stamped p.-ptr, for the printing of such other newspaper* or other papm as aforesaid, whereby the laws relating thereto have been evaded: for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That in all cases where any person or persons, who is, or are, or shall be entitled to obtain fr jm the said commissioners, or their officers* damped paper for the printing of any newspaper or other paper aforesaid* of which he, she, or they is or shall be printer or printers, publisher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other person or persons with any such stamped paper, every such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall for every such offence forfeit a Ann of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by atTion or information in any of your Majdlv’s courts of record, in this kingdom, or by civil bill 111 the court of proper jurisdiction, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same* one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the person suing for the fame; and if cny person or persons shall make uft of any stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper, or other paper, as aforesaid, which he, she, or they, shall receive, or be furniflud with, by any other person or persons than the said commissioners, or their officers, or distributors, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and recovered is like manner as the said la.i mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

LXXVL. And forasmuch as it may be uncertain how many copies of such printed newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories may be fold: be it enacted, Th.it the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall and may can-K n 2 cei,

f4.> A. 1 1797. Cl:.1;'. J 2.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

D. ce!, or cause to b; cancelled, all the (lamps on such newspapers, almanack*, an!

7, DiMin directories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of t!.»

12. pei Ion or pm font, by or fur whom the same shall be printed or published, ami upon 0,1th, or, if a quaker, upon solemn affirmation, made before the said commissioners, or any of them, or such officer, to the (.ui-suchon of such commissioners, or any of them, or inch officer as aforelaiii, that all newspapers, alnm-,lacks, and Dub'hi direct.ivies, containing the (lamps so tendered to be cane.’.hv, are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands o: t! e jvrfon ir pei.ons by :<v

fov whom the fame wen: printed or published. and tint none of inch newh i;\r

almanacks, and Dublin directories, have been fraudul.'inly returned, cr re-b;.u:!. , after the fame shall have been fold and dispofrd of, or any profit or adv.!:n made thereof; which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any of them, anil the said officers respectively, arc or is hereby authorized to administer, a; ! also to examine upon oath or affirmation into all the circumHunces rotating the felling or disposing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directors- , shall or may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other (beets, h«-J.-(beets, or less pieces of paper properly stamped, with the fame respective damp*, upon payment made for such paper, but no duty shall be taken for the (lamjs thereon.

LXXVII. Provided always, That where any almanack shall contain more tli. n one piece of paper, it shall be sufficient to (lamp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any of them, cr such of their officers as Hull be by them appointed in that behalf, shall or ir.-v Cancel, or cause to be cancelled, any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or engrofltd, which shall be inadvertently or undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, and which shall not have been executed or signed by any party or parties, and which shall not have been ufod for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other cotisideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to transact the business intended to have been carried into execution by Inch writing or engroflmunt, or to the writer or engroffir thereof, for die duty or duties marked, stamped, or imprefied thereon, and upon oath (or if a known quaker,

upon solemn affirmation) made to the firicf.Kiion of the said commissioners, or any of them, or of the said officer, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are, or any of them, and the fail! officer is hereby authorized to administer, that such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so engroffied or written upon, or spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that no money or other confederation hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or in*.-pressed thereupon, save and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to - the receiver-general of the .(lamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to collect and receive the same; and the said commissioners are hereby required to '{tamp or mark, or cause to be (Limped or marked, for the several perfojis who shall :bring and deliver any quantity of damped vellum, parchment, or paper so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other mcr.es rendered unfit for use or ferviec, the like quantify of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties stamped, marked, or impressrd on the velium, parchment, or paper, so written, or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, any sum of money, or other consideration whatsoever;

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, for the time bJng, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as aforesaid, with respect to newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin dtreftories, and other matters, as they shall, upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances, find necessitry or convenient for effectually securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to the persons concerned therein.

1AXIX. And be it enacted, That from ami after the twenty-fifih day i>f March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, if any person or persons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, cairy about, utter, or expose to file any almanack or calendar, or Dublin directory, or any newspaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed or construed to be, or ftrving the purpose of any almanack, or Dublin directory, or newspaper, or daily account of goods imported and exported, (except as before excepted) within the intention or meaning of this act, not being marked or stamped, as by this act is directed, every such person shall, for every almanack, calendar, Dublin directory, newspaper, book, pamphlet, or paper so primed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to sale, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in a summary way, before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and upon due proof thereof upon oath, and upon default of payment of the said penalty, to commit the offender to prison for one month, for every such default without bail or mainprize; which penalty shall be to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons who shall, without fraud or covin, first sue for the same.

LXXX. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers, or daily accounts as aforesaid, by felling undamped newspapers or daily accounts, defraud your Majesty's -revenue, and injure the fair trader: for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That every printer or publisher of a newspaper, or daily account of goods imported or exported (except as before excepted) printed or published in the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, during the continuance of this ntt, shall, oa every day of publication, or the day following, between the hours of twelve and two, on each day, cause to be delivered to the register of pamphlets, at the (lamp office in the said city of Dublin, one stamped impression or copy of the newspaper so printed or published with his or her name written thereon, by his or her own proper hand-writing, in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame and every printer or pubUflier of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place in this kingdom, shall, on the day of the publication of such newspaper, or on the day following, in like manner, between the hours of twelve and two, cause to be delivered to the next distributor of (lamps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed or published, two impressions or copies of every such newspaper so printed or published, with his or her name written the Teon, by his or her proper hand, in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame, stamped as aforesaid, for which several copies or impressions so Mivered, the respective printers Or publishers thereof, shall be paid the usual and current prices of such impressions or copies; which said several stamped copies or imprelfious so delivered as aforesaid, shall he, and they are hereby declared to be evidence against the several proprietors, publishers, and primers of such newspapers respectively, for any offence whatever in all complaints, suits, afltons, indiclments, informations, and proportions, to be commenced and carried on, as well touching’such newspapers respectively, as every matter and thing therein contained, and touching any other newspaper, and every matter and thing Vol. XVIII. 0 o therein

146 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

therein contained, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or effect, with fuel, 1797. impression or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in Chap 12. ^oms hihances; and the pi inters, publishers, and proprietors of the said damped impressions or copies, so delivered as aforesaid, shall be deemed the printers, pub-lifiiers, and proprietors respectively, of all newspapers, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or efied, with such copies or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, tmless such primers, or proprietors respectively, shall prove that such newspapers respectively, were not primed or published by them respectively, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of such newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported and exported, (except a* before excepted) who shallneglcft or omit to deliver, or enufe to be delivered, such copy or impression signed as aforesaid, as herein before direct'd, shall for every such omilfton pay a penalty of one hundred pounds j and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of any undamped newspaper, or daily account as aforesaidj shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every paper so undamped, which he or Ihc Hull print or publish, or cause to be primed or published \ such penalties respectively to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, cr by civil bill at the iessions of the county*

of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the assizes in such county where the printer, proprietor, or publisher of such undamped newspaper , or newspapers, or daily accounts, as aforesaid, shall reside respectively, or shall print and publish such newspapers, or daily accounts; one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other raoicty to the use of the person suing for the same.

I,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the printer, publisher, or proprietor . of any newspaper, or paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, shall, upon any trial in any complaint, suit, a£Uon, indictment, information or prosecution, to be commenced and carried on, touching such newspaper, xefufe to admit that the impression or copy of the paper left at the (lamp office in the city of Dublin, or with the didributor.of damps in the country in which fuel) uewfpaper 'shall be primed or published, was printed or published by him, that then and kt.such case,

the copy or impression so left at the damp office in the city of Dublin, or with the didributor of damps in the county wherein such ^newspaper shall be printed, shall be conflircred as printed and publiflud by him, unless he shall prove that he

-left or cause to be left at the time by this afcl required, a printed copy or impresslon of the paper published by him, with the officer with whom he is by this act directed to leave the fame, with his.name written thereon in his own hand writing, in the manner uircfled by this act.

LXXXII. And be it dialled, That every printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer or occurrences, or any paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligcucer or occurrences, whether for himself or in trud for any bankrupt gt lunatic, shall, as often as the commissioners for managing his Majesty's stamp duties, or any f wo of them, shall fee reasonable grounds for requiring die f v.fame, and shall by notice in Writing, or otherwise, require the fame, within ten days after being so required, give into the said commissioners, or to their proper of-. fleets in the respective towns, and at the respective offices where stamped paper shall be distributed, such affidavit of such import ns is directed to be made by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to securt the liberty of the press> by preventing the abttfis arising from the publication offaftious, /editions, false and scandaioih libels, by pet fens .1ttthmtm; which affidavit shall remain widi such commissioners of damps, or officers, to be produced as occasion may require, at or before the trial of -all such ac-5 turns.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.: J 47

thus, fults, prosecutions, informations or indictments, as shall be hail or commence!, A. IX filed or found touching such newspaper, or any publication t!i:rein contained, and \ y(jy. such affidavit shall be received and admitted in all courts of justice, as conclusive Chap. I i. evidence of all such matters therein as are hereby required to be tisercin contained, "'vr-—i

against all ami every the person and persons who shall have finned ami sworn the f.uue as aforesaid, on the trial of any such action, suit, prosecution, infoimarion or indictment, purfuam to the said a it p ailed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of t' e reign of his p-efent Majesty.

LXXX1IL And be it enacted by die authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may be lawful for any of the commissioners of stamp duties, or for such other o icer or officers by them appointed for the distribution of stamped paper as aforesaid. to lake such affidavit and affidavits as aforesaid, which affidavit or affidavits shall he so made and taken without fee or reward; and if any person fr,r>U wilfully fv. ear any such affidavit or affidavits, and that the fame or any part thereof, shall contain a falsehood, every such person so lwejving any such affidavit or affidavits, shall upon due conviction of such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as persons convicted of* wilful ami corrupt perjury are bylaw liable and subject jo.

LXXXIV. And be it ennded, That any printer, publisher, or proprietor of any / newspaper, shall by the fniil commissioners be eonfidereil as having quit the king.

dom, and continued absent therefrom for three months, who shall not, within one f

month after notice* fenred in the name of said commissioners, at the office where such newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him, her or jj'jem, to make affidavit of the place or places of his,1 her, -or, their then residence or dwelling, make before and deposite with one of said commissioners, or before a distributor in die country, appointed or to be.appointed by said commissioners for distrlbiuing flump- -ud vellum, parchment or paper in the country, which affidavit said cotumiffioiicf$ and diffributon are hereby rc(pc£Hvely authorized to take an affidavit, that he or llie has not been absent from this kingdom three months together, from the time at which he, she, or they became printer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, and felting out the place of his, her, or their then rcfid’cucc and ufuat dwelling.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That any person who rfliqll buy or fell, or have, or keep in his, her, or dieir possession, any undamped newspapers, during the continuance of- this act, shall be subject, and liable to the penalty of ten pounds fler-ling for every undamped newspaper so bought or sold, or so found in.his, her, or their possession, such penalty to be recovered by civil bill, by any person who shall sue for the same; one moiety of such penalty to be disposed -of to die poor of the parish in which such.offence shall be commuted, and die other to the use of the inform cr.

LXXXVI. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers strike off' a second publication, containing more advertisements or other matter than are contained in the copy given in jhc head-office ns aforesaid, or to die distributor, if in the country, by which means your Majesty may.be defrauded of the duty hereby granted, and other mischiefs and mconvcmencics arise: be it therefore enacted, Tlia^ any printer, or publisher, who frail vary any of the daily publications, or publish the fame, without giving in a copy of such second impression, signetl as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the head-office aforesaid, or if in the country, to the distributor of damps, shall for very such offence forfeit the sum of one.lumdred pounds sterling, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.in,nny court of record, by action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no cflbign, protection, -or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the proper court; and every such second or other yirieiUmprcfion shall be deemed to be undamped, and the primer and publisher O o 2 thereof

14S The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

thereof shall be liable to all such pains, penalties and forfeitures as if the fame were 1797. undamped.

Chap. 12,

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print or publish any vy'V’V/ advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newspapers, or other literary performance, shall, within the space of thirty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements, if the same shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the duty or duties thereon hereby charged, to the respective personsappointed to receive the fame, or to their respective ' deputies or clerks; and if printed or published in any place out of the limits of the "city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time being, appointed for the collection of the said stamp duties; and the said commissioners and oJli-cers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon,; and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or publishcr of every such advertisement shall be liable to pay to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, treble the duties herein before by tills aft chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full costs of suit.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any printer, publishcr, or proprietor of any newspaper, or other -paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, shall be, by due course of law, outlawed for any criminal offence, or convicted, and receive judgment for printing or publishing a traiterous or seditious libel, the said commis-Doners, and their officers for distributing damped vellum, parchment, and paper, respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the use of any such printer, publishcr, or proprietor so outlawed for any criminal offence, or who shall be convicted, and receive judgment, for printing and publishing a traiterous or seditious libel, liny damped-paper, for printing any newspaper; and if any printer,

publishcr, or proprietor of a newspaper, or other paper, serving the purposes of a -newspaper, shall, for the space of forty days after printing or publishing such advertisement or advertisements, neglect to pay the duties hereby charged on adver-. tisements, the said commissioners, and their oflicers for distributing damped vellum, paper and parchment respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to,

or dor the use of such printer, publishcr, or proprietor, any damped paper for printing any newspaper upon,- until such printer, publishcr, or proprietor, so in ar-

Tear, shall have paid, and discharged all arrears of such advertisement duty, to the ' payment of which he was subject.to and for the last day of the month next preceding the-month , in which such payment shall be made.

LXXXIX. And be it emitted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times hereafter, countcrfcit-or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or . forged anydype,- mark, or.stamplo resemble any type, mark, or damp already kept . or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the ' charging or marking on vellum, parchment>or paper, or other matter directed to be "damped, any of the duties by this, att charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or procure-to. be counterfeited, marked, or impressed on any . vellum, parchment, or paper, any msirk.or. device to resemble any mark ordevice i- used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on , -vellum, parchment, or paper, or-other matter or, thing directed to be damped, any of the duties by this att-charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any of the duties hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cjuife to be-uttered; vended,' or fold, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head-oflice aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such

device;

Tie ibirtj-seventh Year of George III.

device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited} then, every fitch psrfiurfo ivX-nd- A.

ing, ami being thereof duly convicted, shall he adjudged a felon, and IluiJ fuiilr

death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XC. And be it eiiacled, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fevcu, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand f:vc;i hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, no person or persons ih.di publickly or privately infnreor open, or keep any ollico in tins kingdrm for insuring houses, fur* titturc, goods wares, merchandizes, or oilier property, from lots by lire} or for infming goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the teas, or other perils at sea, without frit taking cut a license for that purpefe from the said commissioners for managing the Uamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

XCI. And be it euacled, That from ami immediately after t’ chaffing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or the major p.nt of them, tliull, under their bands and feds, gram a lire w for maning hot.fes, fiirnhuiv, goods, ware*, merchandizes or other property, from I of- by fire, :.;al also for injuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the leas, or other perns at sea, to ail and every body and bodies politick or corporate, or ether prrfur. or person* applying for the fame; which license shall set forth the name or names and other defciiption of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or the person or persons taking out tlx* f.:*ne, and also th.e principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, or of injuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the fas, or other perils at sea, shall, at the time of taking out fitch iiccnfe, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or other pet fori or perfuiu taking out the same.

XCU. And be it enacted, That-ali and every pci foil and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who are, or which, during the time aforesaid, shall in-sure or set up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the fcas, or other perils at sea, without such license as aforesaid, or in any other house or place, except the house or place to bu named in the licensc under which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons shall act; or, such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be suborditntc to the house or place to be named in such license, ami be kept by some Person or persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons having such licciifc as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such license, or to the intent and meaning of this act, ih.di forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be committed, the Ann of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons shall receive on any such day.

XCI If. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, to whom any such license as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, at the time of receiving such license, give security with sufficient Curettes, to be approved of by the major part of the And commissioners, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccfT.rs, in such sums as the said commissioners may think reason* able, so as th fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons respectively, for half a

year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or

corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign, and deliver an account of all money received for such duties upon such insurances, ami-well and truly make payment of Jl ten Aims of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in purfu-Voi. XVIII. ' V p ance

*5°

A. R.

*797-Cli;sJ). 12

The thirly-feveiuh Year of George III.

ami according to tlx tiue intent and meaning of this act; and also mdy and faithfully ohterve and perform all the dircclions, matters and things herein contained, on Ins, her, or tl.ci. behalf to be observed and performed, such bond flitdl be void, but otherviiie to lercuin in full force.

X(M7. And Iv it enacted, Th.it every iieenfe to be taken under this act, shall have force only from th day of granting the fame, until the twenty fifth day of Male!), one thmiiand seven bundled and ninety eight, inclusive, and no lottgtr. but if a hmtfc shall le granted to two or mere puffin', ami any or either of them Hull die hefuic the find twenty-fifth day of hlanh, it ll.jll lomimie in force during the time armvf.iid, for the benefit of the I’lirvivor oi ft rebel's of the pevfons licensed.

XCV. And be it enacted, That where such Imfiuef.i of insuring is carried on 1 y companies, confiding of a greater number of paitners than four, the license, so to be granted by the said commissionci s in manner aforesaid, 1! all bo granted to such two or more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or parmenl ip, as shall be named to the said commissiontfrs, under author'd'-- hum such company or partiieiship, and in every such case, the license H ull couth.ue in fall force until such time as aforesaid, from the day of granting the fame, notuiih-flamling the deaths of the persons to whom such licence {half be granted, for the benefit of such company or pnrtnerfiiip.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person am! persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed, wiio from ami after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and mnety-seven, Audi grant any policy of infuraiu e for insuring property from loss by fire, or from the danger of the teas, or other perils at sea, or shall continue to eMuro on any policy* fiull, by themtehes or such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by, or under them, previousiy to the granting or continuing such policy of iiilu-v.uiee, demand, and receive for the use of your Majesty, your heiis and successors, of and from the pci foil or persons, whole property shall be so insured, the sum of one lliiiling for every lum of one hundred pounds for winch such policy shall be lb male or continued, and so in proportion for any lei’s sum, and Hull give a receipt for the duty so paid, as ami for one vein's duty on such insurance, from the day of the date of the policy thereof, and Is: default of receiving such year’s duty in manner aforesaid, such person or porfo s, rr body or bodies politick or corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to your Majesty, your heirs and fee-cessors, for the said year's duty, as if the fame had been actually received.

XCYTI And for the more effectual preventing of frauds to evade the duty on insurance sgainlt loss by fire, or from the danger of the teas, or other polls at tea; be it enacted, That if any person or persons tliall act as agent or agents for any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, in publickly or pvivaieiv iiifuting or receiving subsciiptiom for insuring, or delivering out policies or receipts' for infu-ranee again! lol’s by lire, or from the danger of the lea?, or other perils at ft..; CM'ept for such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, as shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person or persons, vliofe lioute or Iioutes, furniture, goods, w..res, merchandizes, or other property, fuuato or being in this kingdom, Hull at any time between the twenty-firth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and niucty-seven, and the twenty fifth diy of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, be inlured from loss by fire, or whote goods, wares, or merchandizes shall be insured from the danger of the teas, or other periis at tea, during the time aforesaid, by any person or persons, or bodies politick cr corporate, not rcfulont in this kingdom, Hull omit, or negteft to pay the said com-

miiTicners

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. J51

nvjfioners the like duty, after the l’.itc of one shilling, ami of one (lulling ami fix A. i). ji.Mice respectively, for every one hundred pounds, as it such infmanee woe made. j ~\yj. liv my person or persons licensed pursuant to this act, every fuel] peifim fiiull for- Chap.|z. fc*it the sum of fifty pounds lor every such omiluon or neglect; the said penalties vfpecUvetv to be recovered by any pel son who shall sue for th.c fame, hv hill, action or information, in which no ellbign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed > cr by civil bill in the court of proper juvif liclion.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, 'Unit every person or peifims, who thall at any lime, between the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-seven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoi/aml seven hundred md ninety-right, inelulite, entitle Ibmfelf, or herself, or themselves, to the benefit of any such insurance, shall forthwith, on !\is, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or c.tufc to be paid to the insurer or inlmers, the duties aforesaid, ami such iufurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for such dunes to the person or persons p..dng the fame; ami in case of any default'of payment of such duty within the time, or in tn.miwt afoivl.iid, a ml inline a-y loss ihill he sustained, the policy of inluv.mce, in ivfpecl of width such duty shall accrue, shall, so far a*. regards the 'mfured, he void to all intents; and purpose* whatsoever.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy of infimmcc before the expiration of an old policy, for the fake ol injuring a greater or different lum, the fame proportionable abatement which the insurer, or burners shall make in respect to the premium of infunnee, shall be made of the duty which under this act for.il! accrue on the new policy.

C. And be it enacted, That all and every body and bodies politick and corporate, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain a license for any office of insurance against loss by fire, or the danger of the liras, or the other penis at foi.

Avail, from time to time, keep a true and faithful account in writing, in winch shall be inserted the number of the policy or instrument of infunmee, which front ami after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons infuting, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the film mfured, and the time for which the same shall be so infuml, and also the day of the month and the dale (jf the year in which such policy Avail be issued; which account shall at all times be open for the inflection of any person or persons duiv authorized under the hands and le.ds of the said commissioners for the (lamp dune.-, or the major part of them, to impact the same.

Cl. And be it enacted, That all ami veiv the body and bodies politick and corporate, and other person or persons who ;di have any Uec.ife under thin ad, fin- my infunnee ofiiee, shall, froir. time to time, within the Ijv.ice of two months after the twemv-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, one thousunl ie\\n hundred and ninety-seven, and the twenty-fifth d,w of March, one thousand seven hundred ami nineiv-eight, or at such other times after the expiration or the f.fid two months, a» may be appointed by the nujr.r pail o( the commissioners of the It.:i ip dun.-s, giving a pro iouj puhh’ck notice of fourteen days or more, by advenii’ement in the Dublin Gizette, deliver, or eaufc to be delivered to the said commiiHrmers, or to the perfc n or persons appointed by them to receive the same at the he ul oihec s f the ibid eomnuflionurs, true copies of the account:* herein before ui reded to be kc,t by such lice:.Ted inluraiice olfiec or ulfiic:, body or bodies politick or cospo ate. or such other licoifcri person or persons, for the quarter which fluli have been completed before such day of delivery or notice,

-.b the case shall be, and at the same time shall p-y all such sum and sums as shall V p 2 appear

iS2

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general, for the time being, for I receiving the said duties for the life of your Majesty, your heirs and fucccflbnt, at

Chap I 2* lhe said head office, upon pain of forfeiting for every fitch default the sum of live /-w hundred pounds; and for every default in payment i,f the money due 0!] fuc!» Accounts, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of fuel) default.

CU. And whereas it is and hath been the custom for public!; notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not to prmcit the fime in proper form of law, by which the payment of the duties upon fitch noting or m>;«-ri.tl acts has Wen, am! may be evaded: lor rcm.-dy whereof, be it ena vd. That every publick notary thaSI, once in every tv o months, during ihc time aforesaid, deliver to the said commissioners of stamp duties, or some person authorized by them, at the head office to receive the same, a faithful and true nicotine in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforefiml, which Audi have been noted by fuel) public!: notary, am! shall at the same time pay unto the receiver gener;:! of the stamp duties the sum or two Ihiliings and' six pence for every such bill of exchange which shall be so noted by them, over and above the duty payable to hi*. Majesty upon protelling the fame bill or bills, iu case the owner or owners; holder or holders thereof shall at any time thereafter think proper to protest the fame; and in case any publick notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every such publick notary Aral! for every such neglect or default, ju delivering a true account of fuel) noting, forfeit ihc sum of five hundred pounds,

;m:l for every default of payment of the money due- on such account, double the

amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such default.

CHI, And be it ciwfted, That the said receiver-general of the stamp duties, at the head o/liee, or other person or persons duly appointed by the major part of the Cud commissioners to receive the said duties upon insurances ag.inst loss by lire, or the dangers, of the fcas, or other perils at sea, shall make an allowance to all am! every person and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, respectively, for their own use and trouble in receiving the said duties,

and nuking out such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one {lulling in the pound out of the monies by them-accounted for and paid to such receiver-gc»c£ii, or such other person or persons nforeluid, according to the directions herein contained.

CiV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your RJa-jolty, your heirs and fuceefiors, ami to and for the lord lieutenant, or oilier chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the produce of the duties huxby granted, to cause such sum and fumsef money to be expended and paid from time to time, for lahriss^nd other incident charges, as shall be necessary in ami for the receiving, collecting, and levying, or managing of the said duties, any tiling in this act contained to the.contr.uy notwithstanding.

CV. And be it enacted, That all ami every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arising by this act; shall keep fcnaratezml dillinft accounts thereof; and that the several distributors of llamps in the -city-.or county of Dublin, shall weekly pay the same in fpccle, to the receiver general of the stamp duties; and the receiver general shall, on every Wcd-ncfd.iy in every week, unless the same shall be ah holiday^ and then upon the next enfu’ing day not being an holiday, pay all monies received by him and then in his hands, into his Majesty's treasury; and the distributeors of fhmps employed in other parts of -this kingdom, shall pay, all sums received by them in like manner, and at the like times, to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respectwc distrihs in which the fnme.flmlt be received and collected; and such collectors of inland excise are hereby authorized and required'to receive and give receipts for die fame, with-

5 out

The thirtj-feveiub Tearcf George III. . - 153

out fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and the receiver general

shall in six days after his making any payment into your Majesty's treasury, and every distributor of (lamps, in six days alter hia making any payment to any of the j rt<

said collectors, shall give notice of the amount of such payments to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties’, and every inch coilcclor shall nay the fevcial

sums so to them paid respectively, from time to time, to the receiver general, upon

receiving from him acquittances for the fame j and if such officers or any of them,

shall neglect or omit to pay the duties foby him levied and collected, paid in and received as aforesaid, at die time, or in manner aforesaid, or stir.ll detain any part of the monies by them collected and received, then and for such ofienic lie or they shall be dismissed from his or their'employment, and be rendered incapable t*> serve your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and shall be charged with imeveft for die monies so detained in his or their hands, after the rate of twelve pounds pet centum per annum5 the same to be recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from publick accountants or debtors.

CVI. And be it enacted, That there shall be kept in yottr Majesty's treasury, one book, in winch all monies that shall be paid into the treasury by viiluc of this act, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other monies paid or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever.

CVII. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of the duties hereby granted,

shall certify once in every week, to the accountant-general, the amount of the duties paid by the distrilmtors or other officers of the stamp duties, to the several collectors of the inland excise 5 and that every such distnbutcr shall Likewise certify to the accountant general, and to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, once in every month, the full amount of the sums paid by him on account of the faitl duties, to any collector or collectors of inland excise, specifying the name of inch collector, ami the rc'peflive times of payment, ami the balance remaining in his hands} and if such comptroller, or distributor shall neglect to certify in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

CVJ1l. And be it enacted, That all such collectors of inland cxcile, fl all, as to all such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and liable to the fame mode of account, and the fame regulations, save as herein mentioned, as they are, and shall be subject to, in respect of any other duties by them collected. ’

CIX. And be it enacted, That none of the duties granted by this act, shall be received or collected by, or paid.to the said commissioners for managing stamp duties, and that the several persons who have been, or shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the said former acts granted, shall, when called upon for that purpose, exhibit their reflective accounts of such duties to the commissioners for taking imprest accounts for the time being, or the major part of them, who shall and are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon oath the persons who shall be employed in railing, receiving, or collecting the said duties, as to their accounts, and as to the sum or sums of money which was, or were by them, or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part-thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, or to the collectors of the inland excise is aforesaid $ and in accounting before the said commissioners, or the major part of them, they are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or sums of money so by them nifef, received and paid} and the commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to ndjustand settle such accounts, and to give discharges to the several accountants.

154 The. thirty-fei-ov.lh Year o/’ George III.

A 1). CX. Anti !>c it enacted, That when tic accounts of the money received for the 1797. said several duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be signed by the faii Chap. 12 enmmissioners of imprvft accounts, or the major, part of them, and shall be at all times to the officers, ther-in concerned, a full and fuiiieieiu warrant and tiifeharge

to all intents and purposes.

CXI. And be it enacted, That all penalties ami forfeitures imposed by this act, irnlcfs otherwise directed, maybe recovered by any person who shall lue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's couits of record at Dublin, in which no efibign, protection, or wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; oue moiety thereof to the -use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

CaII. And be it enacted, That a separate and distinct account of all monies :arising by the duties mentioned in the schedule marked A, on licenses to keep lottery offices, shall be kept by the several proper officers, *and the fame or a sufficient part thereof shall be paid and applied to defray the charges and expences of managum and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this kingdom, in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct, ami that the residue, -if any, shall be applied towards defraying the expences of your Majesty's government.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That service of a civil bill process to be brought against any proprietor, printer, or publisher of any newspaper, for the purpose of recovery of any debt or penalty under this act, at the printing office or place where such tie.’ spapers-arc usually and respective*y printed or published, shall be deemed and considered to all intents and purposes, as good service, in like maimer as if the fame were served at the dwelling-house or usual place of abode of the person against whom the aame shall be brought.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other

fe; shall be payable to, or be deduced, or received by any officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, for.or on account of the bluing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received and duly-accounted for to your Majesty. your heir.; and liicccfiors.

CXV. And be it enacted, That the schedules hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken (0 be part of this act, to all intents and purposes.

SCHEDULES

The thirtj-sevenih Year of George III. 155

SCHEDULES of the icvcral Duties to be paid on A.D. every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or 1T07-Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall be cn-grafted or written, or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein set forth.

FOR every (kin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or {licet of paper, on which Hull be engrossed, or written, or printed, the following articles, the duties following shall be respectively paid:

Schedule A.

ARTICLES. Duties

Any license to keep a lottery office — 100 c

Any dispens.uions to hold two ccdcfiafUcai dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other difpehfuicns or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or matter of the faculties for the time being915 0

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, commissions of rebellion in process always excepted — — —19r5

Any grant from'his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money, exceeding two hundred pounds, which {halt pass the great seal of Ireland — —. ——9J5 ®

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value

of two hundred pounds per annum —»915 4

Any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any clerk, advocate, proctor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whdfe office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, Or other perquisites, or any appeal from the court of admiralty, or the.prerogative court, or any archiepiscopal court —1 6 10 o

Any admission of any student into the society of King’s-inns 10 o o

Any admission of any barrister into the Inns of Court — 10 o

Any pardon (except the pardons piified in ferma pauperis) ofor for any crime or offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or of any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punish-ment, or other forfeiture — — 4 6 S

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum ot n.oney not exceeding two hundred pounds, nor less than one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great fca! of Ireland ~ 4 6 S

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value of fifty pounds pt,\ annum, and under the value of two hundred pounds per annum — — 4 6 S

Qji 2Any

v56

A.D. 1797.Chap. i

The thirty-fiventh Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

2 Any grant of lands in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not j herein particularly charged, that Audi pafj the great seal of the exchequer (tnjhilian; Icv.Ls excepted) -

/ Any presentation or do: non which flia! pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any ceH.uion to be made by any archbishop or bishop,

of any prefunation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever,

of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiatical promotion - whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year

' And if of the value of two hundred pounds a year, or upwards, the value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar-general of the diocese; provided always, That two or more benefices cpifcopally united, shall be deemed and taken to be one benefice only -

1 Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney

And a further duty for the fame -

' Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to a notary public Anyadmission of an attorney into every court into which he shall be admitted an attorney -

Every admission of a solicitor into the court of chancery Any commission that shall be issued from any court-whatsoever for

taking alfuiavits -

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever . Any iultitutiuM that shall pass the seal of any archbishop^bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or ecclesiastk.l court whatsoever *, provided, that an institmion to two or more benefices cpifcopally united, shall be confide red as an institution to a single benefice —

Any wtit ot coveii.int for levying a fine -

Any writ of ent; y for fufttring a common recovery ——

Any army Itil, except such as shall be published with the approbation of the lord lieutenant general, or general governor of this kingdom, for the time being 1 1 1

Any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, rdcafe, or other deeds whaifucwr, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of record whatsoever Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal ——

Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty,

or any ri laxati u of any fttch attachment -

Any commission issued ou: of any ecch statlical court not herein before

particularly charged -

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty,

except in suits for payment cf fc.uncn’s wages -

Any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of the value of one hundred pounds ——

If of the value cf cue hundred pounds, and rot of the value of three hundred pounds ——

If

D UTl " -, £ ' -

3 5

3 5

6 to o 2 0 0 70.0

3 0 0

3 o 3 300

1 I

o 15 a

e rj 0 o to 0 o 10 ©

’o 10 o

076

0 7 6

o .7 6

07 6 © 7 6

050

4

QIC t>

27><? ihhiy-Jiventh Fear of George III. *57

ARTICLES.

If of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of

six hundred pounds ——

If of the value of six hundred pounds, and not of the .-.due of one thousand pounds ——

If of the value of one thousand pounds, and upwards -

Any writ of error, <y;7/vw/, or appeal, except to the delegates Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other testamer.tary indiumcni, or for any fluve or part of a pc. Tonal eShte, divided by force of the ll.itute of dillribminiis, the amount whereof shall not'be of the value of twenty pounds, except such legacies shall be left to the wife, childlen, or grand children, of the person making such will or tdlmuiitary inflrumem, or dull be divided

mnongll them by force of the find statute -

vVlicre the amount thereof dull be of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof Hull be of the value of one hundred pounds ami upwards, except as aforesaid ——

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, ihtute ifaple, or iiatute mcr-cliaut, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by personss applying for !Le:i:\.-s to fell by retail, b.ttr, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and Hull pay accordingly ——

Aip -ecord of nift prius t or p:Jiea\ -

Ever, judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the matter of any office, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his fecomhiy, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the t.ity of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or fli il sign judgments -

-And a further duty of six pence, for every one hundred pounds, for which such judgments shall be signed, exceeding the sum of one hun-

Any -num under the seal of the exchequer, grounded on an outlawry in any civil nclion —___

Any marriage license -

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions take:i by commissionm, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or excl <.quer, save and except exceptions to answers filed in the find courts -

Any indenture, kafe, or deed nail not otherwise charged, \;.c:pt indentures oi *ippr~ nr- cship, w‘>erc no apprentice ice hull be given, or if any be given, such app-enthe fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding pmrpirifn, or Other children suppirted by publick or private charities, and also excent indentures nmdiitg apprentices to aitorn.es, or publick no-

Any charter piny, policy of insurance, pafiport. or any protest, pro-Vol. XVIII. B. r curauon,

Duties. A.D.

£ j- 1797. C'np.

1 0 0 —‘

1 10 0

2 0 0

0 5 0

0 2 051/

1 0 e

0 5 0 o 50

05c

0 S 0

1 29

o t 6

0 2

'58

A.D.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

ARTICLES. Dirrir.*?.

£ s- , L

curation, letter of attorney, except warrants of attorney for judgments on bonds, and letters of attorney empowering any person to receive rents or execute leases, or any other notarial act — o 2 C\ Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to receive rents 1 2

Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to execute leases 5 11 6

Any admifiiun into any corporatinn or company----- 050

Any decree or dilmiflai made by or in the courts of chancery or cx-

Any writ of habeas carpus - 0 1 u

Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts in the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the Did courts, or in any court whatsoever ----- o I o

Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that dull be made on such bail 010

Any affidavit, except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, affidavits relative to criminal prosecutions, to road presentments, or accounting for the publick money, affidavits made for the purpose of registering freeholds, and all affidavits to be taken before any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation a cling as a justice of the peace, and affidavits to be taken by a magistrate acting in any court of conscience, or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize, or commission of oyer and terminer relative to profecu-ticui or trials on indictments, or to civil bills, or that shall be made fur the purpose of railing or accounting for the public money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen and linen manufactures, nr to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpikes, or affidavits made before the Dublin society ----- o. i o

Any copy of such affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever - 002

Any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of capias iffucs) subpoenn, writ of capias quawiuus, writ of claiimus patejiutan^ to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall iifuc out of or p.ifs the seal of any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever, lidding plea, where the debt nr damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in

demand is of that value ----- o 1 0

Any entry of any nttion in the mayor’s or ftierifTs court of the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and in other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process or mandate issue, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above - o 1 c-

Any rule or order, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments made or given in any of the courts in the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity, which shall be taken out - 0 1 0

Any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments entered, cr the copies

cf

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

ARTICLES. Duties of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of the said city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged ——

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ec-clcfiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, nnfwer, sentence or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in inyecclefiattic.il court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engrossed or written, except in suits for recovery of icanien’s wages —-

Any warrant to any attorney or solicitor, to appear for any planuitl' or defendant, in any siclion or suit at law, or in equity," to ptole-cute or defend fudi a£Hon or suit, or to confess judgment thereon Any release, comracl, bond, or other obligatory inihument, not herein

otherwise charged ~ ——

Any bond on the exportation of goods or merchandise intitled to

bounty, drawback, or allowance of duties-----

Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or dovife, which finll be registered in the publick office for rendering such memorials,

above all duties payable thereon —

Each and every exception or exceptions to any aiiftver filed in any court of equity in this kingdom ----- *—— —1 1

And a further duty for the same, after the rate of one shilling for every ninety words which each and every exception shall contain, over and above the (irft ninety words.

And a further duty upon each and every exception, over and above the

first ten exceptions

And a further duty upon the fame, after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every ninety words which each and every such exception Avail contain, over and above the first: ninety words.

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law -

Any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court -

Any copy of any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law ——

Any (iepofilions taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositiono taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein before charged -

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, intenogatorics, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any court of equity ——

Every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time lei's than a year, which shall be primed on one side only of any one flicet or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards bound or separated into leaves ‘ -

Every other almanack or calendar for any particular year —

Every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, the re-fpcclive rates of ——

£. s. d.

0 I 0

0 I a

o i o

o i a

O 2 O

O I

O9(j

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 1^.

0 0 1*

0 0 2 0 0 4

OOI

And

£59

A.D.

<797-Chap, 12.

iCo The thlrty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

ARTICLES.

797-

Chap 12 ^I1£* ^or everf ^ear as a^orc^"a‘^ -

lircry Dublin directory -

Every paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrence

Any bill of lading which shall be signed for any goods exported

Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods,

wares, and merchandizes, to any drawback or bounty on exporting

Any license for retailing wine, beer, ale, spirits, or cider, or tea and groceries, or any license to manufacture or deal in tobacco, or for manufacturing candles or soap for sale, or /or felling or manufacturing paper hangings, or f.jj* felling or making gold or silver plate fur iaie, or for felling homr-made spirits as af.i£tor, orbywhole-sale, or for keeping a coffee-house -

Any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promidbry note, or other note, xk.f/’t, or order, where the sum expressed therein shall not exceed ten

pounds ——

'Where the sum expressed therein, Hull exceed ten pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds ——

Where the sum expressed therein, /lull exceed fifty pounds, anu shall not exceed one hundred pounds ——

And where the sum expressed therein, shall exceed one hundred

Any receipt or other discharge, given on the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds And where the sum shall amount to twenty pounds and upwards

Dunns,

0 O 2 0 0 2 0 o I

ooi5

0 0

I

0 0 I

003

oof)

009

0 I 0

0 0 2

0 04

Schedule B.

ARTICLES. Duties-

£. s. <L

Every summons or process whereby the defendant or defendants shall be required to appear or anftver the plaintiff’s bill, or to appear before any recorder, aflidant bar rider, fcnefchal or deward of a ma-nor court, or other judge or officer in every proceeding in a sum-

niaTy way, by civil bill — — o 1 1

Every decree to be made or pronounced by every aflidant barrister, at the sessions of the peace or adjournments thereof, in causes heard by civil bill, where the sum recovered shall be under five pounds 022 Every decree to be made or pronounced by every aflidant barrider, at the sessions of the peace or adjournment thereof, where the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount to five pounds or upwards,

but not amount to ten pounds

046

Every

The thirtj-feveuth Year of George III.

ARTICLES. Duties.

£ '

Every such decree where the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount to ten pounds or upwards — - — 07

Every dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister 0(3

Every renewal of a decree or dismiss, made or pronounced by such assistant barrister, whether the said decree or dismiss were pronounced by a judge of assize or afhstant barrister — - 0 I <5

Every recognizance on an appeal from any decree or dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister — — 0 a 6

Every decree 01 dismiss made or pronounced by the fcnefchal or Iteward of tvery manor court in any proceeding by civil bill - 1

1G1 A.D.

'797-Chap. 11.

Vol. XV3IL '*» CHAP.

162 A.D.

>797-

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XIII.

/In Attt for punishing Mutiny and Defer tion, and for //..? letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters siithm this Kingdom.

WHEREAS tile r.iifing nr keeping a (landing ariv.v within tl h.

in time of* peace, uuk-R it be with the consent of parliament, i-; ij-iit;.! Jaw: and whereas it is judged neecfliry by fits Majesty, and this prd'eut parih-ment, that a body of forces Omuld be conti lied for the safety of this kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of his Majesty's crown; and that the whole number of such forces should cenfifi. of forty thousand nine hundred ;nul one . men 5 whereof twelve thousand men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, find! be kept within this kingdom, for the ueccfiary defence of the fame at all times, except in case of i.ivafion or rebellion in Great Britain; and twenty-five thousand six hundred and sixty-seven men, commissioned and non-coivmil_

' fioned officers included, for the defence of the country in the present situation of affair'; and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjccded in time of p.-ae: to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any oilier manner than by the judgment of his peers, and a cording to the known and established law of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining nil the hefore mentioned forces in their duty, that an cxa£l discipline he observej, and that foltliers who shall mutiny or (Ur up feditim, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a wore exemplary and speedy punishment th >n the usual forms of the law will allow: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by am! with the dvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person being muttered, or in pay as an clficer, cr who is or shall becnlifted rrin pay as a fojdier, lh.il) at any time during the continua *ce of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or fcdit'.on in the regiment, troop, or company to which he d ull belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty’i. land or marine forces in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, IhalRnot without delay give inform*, tion thereof to his commanding o.ficor; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy, or shall ihnmefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, poll or guard committal to his. charge, or winch lie shall be commanded to defend, or flt.dl compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress. or pod, to deliver -up to' the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speak w.vds, ur use any-othev means to induce such governor pr commanding oiicer or others, to misbehave. before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, poll rr guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall leave his pod before relieved, or shall be found flccping on his post, or ftinll hold eorrespondence with, or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, either by letters, r.ieffagis, signs, or-tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever, or shall treat or enter into any terms with such rebel, or enemy, without his Majesty's license, or licenli: of the general, or chief commander, or shall firike, or use any violence against his

The thirty-fvaub Year of George III.

his Superior officer, being in the execution of his office, or Shall dilobcy any lawful command of his fupcrlor officer, or shall deffirt Ins Majesty's I'ervice; all and eve y person or pc son, so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, shall suffer death, or such othw pusiiffimentn^by acourtnurtiil shall be awarded.

IF. Provided, and it Is hereby declared a*.d enacted, That any I'nn-comnii.Ttn 'Cd officer or soldier, enlilted or in pay in any regiment, tro p, or company, who Hull, without having first obi air ed a regular dileliarge therctv m, cnliil hiinieli in any ether regia-ent, troop, or company, shall be deem'd to have de erted his Majesty service, and Had I in like manner fuller death, or lueh other punishment as b; a court martial shall be awarded.

III. And whereas ’oubts have arisen whether soldiers who of rig t belong tanother corps in which they first enlisteand from which they have not obtained a discharge, nr.K be proceeded -again! and tried for deferring any corps in which they may afterwards have enlilleor for any crime committed by them \vhili! serving therein: be it cmcVrd b the authority aforef.ti.l, That if any per-fcn who is or shall be enlilt-.l or i* pay as a Soldier, in any regiment, tr»of, or com any in his Majesty's lvrvice, Hull desert the lame, m Ilia!, whilst Serving therein, commit any offence > gam It this act, or agtinlt the rules or art'clv*. of war, such pevfon shall be liable to be tried by a c.mrt martial, an I punish d in like manner as if he had originally enlilled in, and of right belonged to the fjnie, notwithstanding't shall have been discovorcJ or known tint he liad jircvimilly belonged to Ibme other regiment, troop, or company and not been d scharg-J tlwr;. from.

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall be claimed by such oilier regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded againffi as a defer cr tltercfr m, hi; subsequent desertion from any one or more corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlilled, may, unless he shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence, as an aggravation of his crime, previous notice being always given to such deserter, of the fast or fa£U intended to he produced in evidence upon his trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may from time to time by Lis royal commission, empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or other chief governor or governors of the fame for the time being, to appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct Ins or their warrant to any general officer having the chief comman 1 of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizin'him to convene general courts martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under his command all which general courts martial shall be constituted, ami shall regulate their proceedings according to the several provisiuns herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may b lawful to and for such courts mar ial by their femence or judgment, to i (hel corporal ptmillimem, not extending to life or limb, on any fold.er for immoralities* milbdiuwour, or neglect of duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no general court martial which shall be held tinder the authority of this act, shall confiit of a less number than thirteen commissionul officers, and the president of such general court martial shall not be th* commander in chief nor governor of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be hail, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of a captain* and that all general courts martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witnefr, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them.

164 The thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

D.

VIII. Provided always, Thar in all trials by general courts martial, to be held 1797. by vinue 0^ this act, every member afliiling at such trial, before any proceedings Chap, 1 he had thereupon, shall take the following oaths upon the holy Evangelists, before

the judge advocate, or his deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administer tie fame,) tnir is to f.iy, " you shall well and truly try and determine accord'ng' to your evidence. in the matter now before you.

So help you God.

I A.B. dofwenr, That I will tiuh adm'wiser justice, according to the rules and artulet for the better government cf fy.s Najcffsforces, out! according t) an ucl of par-Ihiinent now in force fr the punijljnicnt cf mut'u.y and tkfertion3 and other crimes therein mentioned^ without partiality, favour., or affcClkn; and f any doubt shall arise which is not explained-by the said articles or act of parliament, according to my confcieticey the h.jf

of my ttnderjhndvtg) and the custom of war in tile cases, /tnd Ifurther fwenr, that / will not divulge the sentence of the court until it shall he approved ly his Majesty, or h Jbme person duly autfyrized by himneither will /, upon any account, at any time what-fever, difebfe or discover the vote or cy hucti of any particular- member of the court martin!, unless required to give eviiLncc thereof -as a witness, by a court of jujliccy in a due courst of law.

So help me God.

And as soon as the said oath shall have been-admmtftered to the respective mem* bers, the president of the court is hereby'authorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the.-person.officiating as such, an oath in the following words.

1 A.B. do fiveary That IioiUnoty upon any1 account, at any time - whatsoever, dif-ci'fc or difaver the vote or opinion cf any particular member of the court martial, uttless to give evidence thereof, as a toitness, it: a due course of law.

So help me God.

And no sentenceof death shall be given against any offender in such case by any general court martial, unlofj nine pilirrrs present shall concur therein; and in all cases where a court martini shall consist of more oiiicers than thirteen, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two-thirds at the lead of the Officers present j and no proceedings or trial shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock-in the morning and three in the afternoon,'except in cases which require an immediate example.

IX. And be it further drafted and declared, That in case of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, or of any other offence, to which the punishment of desertion is annexed by this act, whensoever the court martial which shall pass sentence upon such trial, shall not think the offence deferring of capital punishment, such court martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, adjudge the offender, if they shall thiul; dit;-.to serve-as a soldier in any of the corps stationed in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or in foreign parts for life, or for a certain term of-years, according to the degree of offence* and if such soldier shall

afterwards, without leave from his Majesty, or from the commanding officer ’of the corps in which he shall be appointed to serve,.return.into this realm before the expiration of the term limited-by such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court-martial, he shall suffer death.

X. Provided always, That the party tried by any general court-martial, flislPhe entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings-of such court-martial upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any other person or persons ou-his behalf, he

5 of

Tbs ibirty-seventh Year of Georgft III. 16$

or they paying reasonably for the fame, at any time not sooner than three months A.D. after such sentence, whether such sentence be approved of or not, any thing in j 797, this ack to the contrary notwithstanding. . Chap. 13.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That —v*-----

every judge advocate, or person officiating ss such at any general court-marrial,

do, and he Is hereby required to transmk with as much expedition as the opportunity of time and distance of place can admit, the original proceeding:, and sentence of such court martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland,' to be laid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to be lodged with the judge advocate general in Dublin; which Cud original proceedings and sentence shall be carefully kept and preferred in the office of such judge advocate-general, to the end that the person entitled thereto may be enabled upon application to the office to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this ack.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court martial, nor any entry or copy thereof, fh.ril be charged or chargeable with any ttamp duty whatsoever, any tiling contained in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled. That no officer or soldier being acquitted or convicted of any offence, be liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any other court martial for the fame offence, unless in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court-martial; and that no sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

X(V. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be construed to exempt any officer or soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

XV. And for preventing of frauds and deceit in the muttering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person*do make or give, ot procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any mutter, or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or ou furlough: then every such person so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office ot employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the absence of any soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of them; and the commissary of the mutters, is hereby directed to fetdown on the roll, at the time of the taking of the mutter, the reason of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of such certificate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer that shall make any false or untrue mutter of man or horse, and every commissary, mutter-matter, or other officer, who shall wittingb or willingly allow or sign the muster-roll, wherein such false mutter is contained, or any duplicate thereof; and also every commissary, mutter-matter, or other officer who shall directly or inch-rcciiv take, or cause to bs taken, any sum or sums of money, or any gratuity, ort ct for the muttering of any regiment, ttocp, or company, or on or for the signing of any mutter-rolls, or any duplicate tiiereof, upon proof thereof upon cath made by two witnesses before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, which :s hereby authorized and required to administer such path, shall for such offence

i66

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

be forthwith cafluered, and difpbced from such his office, and shall be thereby ut-1797* tedy disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this Chap. realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com-nriflary or mutter-matter upon any mutter to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such muster made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said soldiers so to be muttered shall be quartered, who is hereby required' to be present at every such muster, and give his utmost assistance for the discovering any false or untrue muster there made, or offered to be made; and that every such commissary or muster-master making or taking such muster, that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and assistance of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer where the soldiers to be mustered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be discharged from his office; and no muf-ter-roll shall be allowed, unless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or other chief magiftrnte or officer respectively; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refu-(al, that then the commissary may proceed to muster such regiment, troop, or company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath be made by the commissary or muster-master, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was truly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be muttered, upon proof thereof made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of the peace for the county where such mutter shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary of the mutters, or chief mz-gittrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorised and required to commit such offender to die house of correction, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any horse to be muttered, which ftvaH not truly belong to the trooper or troop so muttered, the said horse so falsely muttered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or furnishing the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or furnishing the said horse, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnesses before the next justice of the peace; which twenty pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner 5 and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such penally within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the diferction of such justice 5 and the said forfeiture shall be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; ami the said informer or informers, if belonging to the service, shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, Jf he or they shall demand the same.

i

The llnrty-seven'th Year of George III. 167

'xix. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint cvety com- A.D.

missioned officer, store-keeper, or conimiffiiry, that shall embezzle or mamfcftly 1797-cauic to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully or through neglect, fuller Chap. 1 any provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military (lores to be spoiled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath, made by two witnesses before a general court-martial, which is hereby authorized and required to admiiiifler such oath, shall be forthwith difmilTcd his Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expence the loss and damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such court-martial, which shall have power to seize the goods and chattels of the person so offending, and fell them for the payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage*, and if sufficient goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then the person so offending Avail be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there for six months, without bail or mainprise, and until he shall pay such deficiency* and after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commis-fary of the musters, or muster-mafteT, either of the land forces or marines, making or taking a muster, do make oath before the mayor or chief magistrate attending the making or taking such muster as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief magistrate so attending be a justice of the peace, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mailer in chancery -in Dublin, who is hereby authorized to administer the same in manner following *.

I A.B. do swear, that I fiw, a t the time of taking a mttfler of such troops or companies of this regiment as lay within my present circuity such men or horses of such troops or companies so muflered by me as are borne and not respited, on the muser-rolf fir which men cr horses osigned certificate or certificates are not atdorfed on the bach of the roll, certifying their being absent from the muster by reason of being employed on fonxe ether duty of the regiment, or by being sick, in prison, on furlough, or at qrafs, or by asigned leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment,' troop* or company. / Hkeivife swear, that I affijled in examining and comparing this mitsler-

roll with the regimental book s that I have seen and examined the atteflations of all the recruits of the periods, that I find them compleat, and believe them to be jujl and correct.

"Which oaths the said commissary, or muster-master is hereby directed to insert and subscribe on the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the comraiflary-general of the musters, and as soon as tire commissimes of the musters shall have severally completed their circuits within twenty-one days after the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the muster-master general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, who is hereby directed to attend, before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mailer ifi chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

/. A.B. do swear, that at the times and places severally named in the tmifler-rolis taken by me of the following regiments, viz.

I was personally prefint, and did at the time of taking the said musters, qffijl in com* paring the several muster-rclls with the regimental books of the several ngim'iiis, troops, tr companies, and that I b.live them just and i:nvct. Taken before me.

T t

Which

168 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

winch said oath is to be attested by the said mutter-mailer general, or his 1797. deputy.

Chap. 13.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if anypay-

______—J matter, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, shall wii'

fully detain or withhold by the space of one mojith the pay of any officer or soldier, (clothes and all other just allowances being deducted,) after such pay shall be by him or them received, or if any officer having received his soldier's pay, shall refuse to pay each respective non-commissioned officer and foiilier their respective pay, when it shall become due, according to the several rates established by order of government, then upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that purpose held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or officer so offending, shall be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer upon conviction before the said court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the informer, if a soldier, if he demands it, shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, and that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given by his Majesty, under his Ggn manual, or by his Majesty's chief governor or governors r,f this kingdom*, and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be utterly disabled to have or hold any such office in Jiis Majesty's service in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary shall nuifter any person by a wrong name, knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a general court-martial, the said officer or commissary shall fuller such penalties, and in such manner as is directed and inflicted by this act upon those who shall make false

mutters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the dforders that may happen by the marching osso!-diers, and providing carriages for the baggage offoldiers on their march, it is amongst other things enacted and declared, " That no officer, soldier, or trooper in her Majesty's army, nor the fenrant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train " of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer com-t( mantling the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any time «* hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom,

save only during such time as he or they shall be, and remain in some feaporc town, in order to be transported, or during such time as there shall be any " commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency, her Majesty's army, or any considerable part thereof shall be commanded to march w from any patt of this kingdom to another, or during such time or times as " he or they shall be on their march as aforesaid." And whereas the barracks in this kingdom arc not at present sufficient to lodge all the forces upon its military establishment: and whereas it may be necessary to ft.ition part of the troops in places where there are not barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them: be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said recited acb, to and for the constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any cnc justice of the peace, inhabiting in or near

any

The thirtj-J'eVc'-ith Year of George III. i6y

any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others, and such constables, ]), and other chief magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers ami soldiers in his Majesty's fcrvtce in inns, livery-fta&les, alc-houses, ami the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging; and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder or metheglin by retail; ami where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore euftomavy; net shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective fuhliers present to be quartered; all which billets, when made out by such chief magistrates or con-fhbles, Avail be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present; and if any constable or such like officer or magistrate as aforesaid, shall pvefumc to quarter or billet any such officer or soldier in any house not within the meaning of this act, without the consent of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or -their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than is limited ami allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulflon to or upon any mayors, constables, or oilier civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter or discourage any of them, from performing any part of their duty hereby required or appointed, such military officer shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses* be deemed and taken tn be ipfi jncio caihicred, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next nflizes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or county of the city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such constable, chief officer or magistrate, not being a justice of the peace, lus quartered or billeted in his house, a greater number of soldiers than he ought to bear m proportion to lus neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty where such soldiers arc quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on-complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have, ami have hereby power to relieve such persons, by ordering such and so many of the soldier> to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such foluiers accordingly.

XXV. Ami whereas great inconvenience happens from the billeting of soldiers singly: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter, a less number than two men shall be billeted in any one house, and such billets may be changed once in every month if thought necessary by the chief "magistrate, to prevent any burthen thereby arising from falling heavy on particular individuals.

XXVI. And as very great detriment and inconvenience arises to the feTvice from the dispersing and billeting of soldiers when on a march at a great diiUncc from the place or places where they arc meant to be quartered, and contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said last receited act, and by reason of which they are placed wide of their intended route for the next day’s march: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time when troops arc on a march, shall any of them be billeted above one mile from the place or places mentioned in the route.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly fuller to be taken, any

1797' Chap. j-

iyo The thlrtj-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

money of any person for cxcufing the quarters of officers or soldier*, or any of them 17^7. any ll0u*c allowed by this act, every such officer shall be caffiicred, and be-inca-Chap IJ. Pa^c of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

XXVIII. And whereas great inconveniences have arifon, and may arise in such places where horse or dragoons arc, or may be quartered, by the billeting of the men and their horses at different iioufes, and often at great distances from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where horte or -dragoons Avail be quartered or billeted in pursuance of this act for the future, the men and their horses shall he billeted in one and the fame house, except in case of necessity, and that in no other case whatsoever there be less than one man billeted where dune shall be one or two horses, nor less than two men where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number \ and in such case, each nun shall be bil* leted as near his horse as possible.

XXIX. And whereas forne doubts have arifon whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service; be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above mentioned, may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or Iioufes; and the constables, tithing-men, h ead-boroughs, and other chief officers and nugillrates of the cities, towns, tillage?, or other places where any regiment, troop, or company Hull he quartered, are hereby required to billet such men'and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted b.y the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, no pay-malhr-general, or paymaster of the army, paymader of the marines, secretary at war, commissary, or muster-master, or any other officer whatsoever, or their under-officers, shall receive any fees, or make any deductions whatsoever cut of the.pay of any officer or soldier in his Mnjedy's army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the said thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and such other necessary deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by his Majesty under his royal sign manual.

XXXI. And that the quarters of officers and soldiers in tins kingdom, may here* after be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of excite better answered, and that the owners of houtes on whom officers and soldiers shall be billeted, may be encouraged to provide proper accommodation for such officers, soldiers, and horses: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops Hull be on their march, or during such times as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer «ud soldier during the time he or they Hull occupy such billet, at the following weekly rates, vhlelice!, in Dublin, for each field officer and captain, eight shillings} for each subaltern officer, seven shillings*, for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one (lulling and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six-pence halfpenny: in the country, for each field officer or captain, five shillings; for each subaltern officer, three shillings and six-pence; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horte, one dulling; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six-pence; the payment of the officers lodgings to be made by the officers themselves, in the present accustomed manner; the payment of the men’s lodgings to be made monthly, by the commanding officer of each corps, in each quarter, in consequence of money sent them for that purpose, by their several regimental agents 5 and in order to enable die agents to remit such

mency.

The thit ty-seventh Year of George III. 171

money, such sums shall be advanced to them, as dull be necessary, for which the P.

regiments shall be accountable, and which sums shall be accounted for in the j f()~. usual manner. Ch;ip. I ?.

XXXfl. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient (tabling for \--^v the horses so billeted, four pence -per week shall be paid to the owners of lVables> for each horse, during the'time each shall remain, in such manner and under such circumstances, as the quarters of the men are paid j and in case of any troop or company being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective comnur ding officers are not enabled to make-payment of the sums due for the lodging of the men', and (tabling of the horses, every such officer shall, before lus departure, make up the account with every ptrifon with whom such troop or company may have been quartered, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be tranl-nritted to the agent of the regiment, that immediate payment may be made in the acaiftomed maimer.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the cl.utfes and circumstances of this act, shall, in every particular, extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever, ami ihclv recruits of his Majesty's land'or marine forces, that may be employed on that service within this kingdom and quarters shall at all times, upon requisition, be granted to such parties and their recruits as prescribed by this act, they paying for the same at the rates before directed, notwithstanding tlicrc may be barracks in the places where such quarters arc so demanded.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, Tint every non-commissioned officer amlfo!-dicr, who shall be billeted according to the previsions in this act, shall be entitled to and receive proper and sufficient accommodation respectively, and also the use of kitchen utensils, to cook and cat their victuals in their quarters.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the bett:r ami more regular provision of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for thrir arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all justicis of the peace within their several counties, shires, division^, liberties, and precincts, being duly required thereunto by an order from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the general of his Majesty's forces, or the matter-general of his MajestyV ordnance, (lull, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the quarter-matter, adjutant, or other officer, or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, blue out hi* or their warrants to the confhbtes or petty constables of the division, city, liberty, hundred, and precinct, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop, or company shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make fitch provision for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the f.iid warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may uot always bear the burthen *, and in case sufficient carriages c.wnul he provided within any such liberty, division, or prccmcl, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the next county or division, (lull, upon such order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant to the constable or petty rnnttubles of such next county, liberty, division or precintt, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency* and such constable or petty constables shall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respective liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fumiflt the fame accordingly } ami if any military officer or officers, for the life of whose troop or company the carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any carriage to travel more than one day’s journey, tjxcept as hereafter excepted, or shall not difehavge the fame in due time fur then*

l’ll2

i^2 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

return hone, or shall suffer any soldier or fervent, (except such as are fie!;) or any 1797. woman to ride in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any conlhblc or petty con*.

Chap. 1 ft-ble by threatening or menacing words to provide faddlc-horses for themselves or servants, or shall force horses from the owners by themselves, servants, or soldier-., every such od'ccr, for every such offence shall forfeit tlvc sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of Jtis Majesty's justices of the peace oi the same county, who are to certify the same to the paymaster-general, or other respective paymaster of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hinds and fcals of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the find county, who are hereby impowered to dedu£l the fame out of such officer’s pay \ and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the justices of the peace are to depiand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the conflabie or petty constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march with his carriage, to pay down in hand to the owner of fuel} carriage, or his servant, the sums herein after mentioned, for every mile or reputed mile they are to march, that is to say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading on such wheel-carriage, the sum of one penny, one-sixth part, for every mile, or reputed mile he or they shall therewith march; and if any officer or person requiring such carriages as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the owner of such carriage, the sum hereby appointed to bepald, he and they shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings sterling to the party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVI. And be it further -enabled, That no owner of such carriage be compelled or obliged to take any loading, until the same shall be first duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of such carriage, if he or they shall think fit, and the fame can be done in a reasonable time, without let or hindrance of his Majesty's service; and if any officer or other person requiring such carriage, shall force or compel the owner to take any.loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall contrary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or his servant, put, or permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any -carriage than as is herein after directed, either at the time of loading, or on the march, every such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings to the party injured, on such proof and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage impressed by authority of this act, shall be liable or obliged to carry above six hundred weight; and if the owner shall content to carry above six hundred weight on any carriage, he shall be allowed and paid at the rate of one penny, one-sixth part per mile, for every hundred above thexveight of six hundred poundsput on his carriage* and the owner or owners of such carriage or carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the sum of seven pence /«- mile or reputed mile at the Jeaft, in case he or they shall be required to carry* Jess weight on such Carriage or carriages than six hundred pounds weight for each carriage.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect of any con-liable, after notice given as aforesaid, to provide carriages us before mentioned, the -officer commanding in chief shall be necessitated to halt, that then, and in such case only, it shall and may be lawful to and for said officer to take the carriages one day’s marchmore according to the route, paying one penny,one-sixth part per mile for each hundred weight of loading as before mentioned; and the owners of such carriages, upon complaint made by them or their servant or servants to any justice of

1 the

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 17

f!:c pence orchid* magistrate next adjoining where such carriages were to hare been y\# provided, ih.dl receive, over above the one penny, onc-!i.tth part per n:i!e/vr I 797* hu-adred weight of loading before fp cified, fi-ven pence more p/r mile for e.ich QKap. I

carriage, to be paid by the confUble who made default in providing carriages; -

f‘ c faiu lall sum to bt levied isnnvcdhtcly asur demand and rofufa!, by warrant of ar.v justice of the peace or chief rn.igillr.ne of the place next adpimng; which fa:d justice cr chief magistrate is hereby required to grant the fame immediate'}' on demand, without fee or reward.

XlIXIX. And be it further enacted, That notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at ieaff twenty-four hours before the march of any troops cr companies of foldiors out of the said city, of the number of the troops or companies appointed to march; whereupon the lord mayor lor the time being,

1! all summui a proportionable number of cars out of the licenced cars, brick cars, and other cars within the county of the said city, ami so from time 1* lime the said cars are by turns to be employed in tarrying the baggage uf such troops or companies, at the prices, and under die regulations herein before mentioned; and it is hereby directed, that no country cars or carriages coming to the m irkot of said ci:v, nor any cars or carriages coming to any of the markets of this kingdom, Audi be detained or employed in carrying the baggage of the army os any pretence whatsoever. '

XL. And whereas several acts of parliament of the sixth of queen Ann?, and the second and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth and nineteenth of George the third, are now in force for the providing of carriages for the bag* gage of soldiers on their march; be it enacted, That the fi.ver.il clauses contained in the said acts relative to the carriage of the army-baggage, do from the passing of this ccafe and determine.

XLI. And be it further enacted, Tint tlu number of carriages to be allowed each troop or company, shall be from time to time regulated by order of govern* ment, in proportion to the establishment of such troop or company; and the funu ordered to be advanced as aforesaul, for the payment of carriage of baggage by the officer or officers reflectively, flv.il! be to them repaid by the paymaster-general, or lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of tins kingdom for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or officers before one of his M ?.jesty’s justices of the peace, or chief m’agistrate of any city or corporate town, of his or their payment of such sum of'sums for carriages as aforesaid; and an account of the fame being produced by the agent of the regiment, which account shall have been certified by the quarter-mailer general, to be charged conformably to the orders of government, and the regulations prescribed by this act.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, or pettyonfhble, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto them, for providing carriages as aforesaid 5 or if any person or persons appointed by such constabJc, or petty-constable, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, dull refuse or neglect to provide the fame, or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered cr frustrated, every such constable or other person or ersons so offl-nding, shall for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty fliiRings, nor less than twenty shilling?, to the use of the poor of the pin ifli where any filth oif ner and offences shall be committed, and ail and every such offence and offences Hull and may be enquired of, heard and finally determined by two of his Majesty's justic.-s of the peace dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be comm'tied, who have hereby power to cause the Lid penalty to he levied by distress and fide of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, ii ;.ny, to :he owner.

-e>; 74 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military 1797. or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers in any houses hereby appointed ’ CJl?p. IJ. for that purpose, shall at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid fervarns of any olHcer or soldier in any such houses, ag-ainst the consent of the owners, the party offending, if an officer of the

army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ipfi fcch cafiiitred; and if a confhble, tithing* man, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings,

upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of fiz;h justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLIV. Ami for the better preservation of the game, in or near such places where; any officers or soldiers shall at any time be quirtereJ: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand fjven hundred ami tiinety-seven, any officer or -soldier, shall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and seal, first. had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, or any other fort of fowls, or any poultry or fish, or his Majesty's game .-within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the-peace, who is and are hereby impowered and audio, ri/ed to hear and determine the fame, that is to say, every officer so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum-.of five pounds, to he distributeJ amongst tliepoorof the place where such offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding hi chief upon the place, for every such. offence committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and ilillvibuted in manner aforesaid; and if upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the couflabls or overseers of the poor* such officer shall refuse omcglcft, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer so refilling or neglecting shall forfeit, and lie is hereby declared 10 have forfeited his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XIjV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-commissioned officer who shall be-convicted at a general-cr regimental court-martial of having embezzled or mifupplied any money, with which he may have been emrufted for the payment of the nur. under his command, or for entitling men into his Majesty's service, shall be reduced to Curve in the ranks as a private soldier, and be put under stoppngcs until the money be made good, and suffer such corporal punishment,

not extending to life or limb, a’c the court-martial shall think fit.

XLVI. And whereas several' soldiers being duly lifted, do afterwards desert^ and are often found wandering, or otherwise absent themselves illegally from his Majesty's ferviec: it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable of the town or place where any persons, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be found,’to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the pcaeg living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such . suspected person, and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected person-is a lifted soldier, and ought to be . with the troop or company 10 which he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him tc be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where lie shall be found, or the house of correction, or other publick prison in such towa or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, cr to the provost-martial, in case such dcftitcr shall be apprehended within the city or liberties of Dublin, or places ad-3 jaccm.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 175

jacent, ?.»(! tr.msmit an account thereof to the chief feerstary to the chief governor A. p.

(rgowr:i.;ii of this kingdom for t*ic time being, to the end such person may I t)'j

be proceeded against according to law; and the keeper of such gaol, house of cov-ie£:o:i, or pvil'on, ih.iii receive the full fi.bntler.ee of such deserter or delcrters dur- d

the time that he or they shall continue in his custcdy, for the maintenance of ilic said deserter or deserters, but shall not be emitted to any fee or reward on account of the nv.p rifonnu nt of such deserter or deserters *, any law, usage, or custom to the century notwi'.hftaiiding

XLVII. And for the better encouragement of any person ov pcvfons (o secure or apprehend such deserters as aforesaid: be it further enabl’d by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of peace ftiali rdto ilute his warrant in writing to the colleger or collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the distritfl where such defetter shall be apprehended, for paying oat of the revenue by him cohered, into the . hands of such person who fl all apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any dc-fericr from his Rlajellyb. service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such defurier that shall be so apprehended and committed; winch sum of twenty fhi!i:urs fl ail be satisfied by such collector or collegers to whom such warrant fl.au be directed and allowed upon his account.

XLVIII. "Provided always, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, cr afiiii any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing liim to be such, the person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds > or if any person shall knowingly detain, bay, or exchange, or otherwise receive any neceslurics, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to Use King, from any ful-dier or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, the person so offending shall fork'd for every such offence the sum of five pounds upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any of Ins Majesty's ]udices of the peace, the said respecth’C penalties of five pounds, and five pounds shall be levied by warrants under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by uiftreft and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said iirfl mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose mcan3 such di> ferter shall be apprehended, ami one moiety of the last mentioned penalty of ten pounds to be paid to the informer, and the rcfulue of the said relpe£Uvc penalties to be paid to die of Heer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong; and in case any offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or affdting any such deserter or deserters, o. having knowingly received any neceflarics, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, or having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereupon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and in such calc, such justice of the peace shall and may by warrant under his hand and seal, cither commit such offender to die common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publicity whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

XLIX.- Provided always, That no commissioned officer shall break open any hnufe to search for deserters without warrant from a justice of the peace; and that every commissioned officer, who shall, without warrant from one or more of his Majesty’s: iftiecs of the peace, which laid warrants the said justice or justices are hereby empowered to gun:, forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelling-house or out-l.uufe of any person whatsoever, under pretence of fetching for deserters, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it flmll and nr.y be lawful ;o and for Ids Majesty to form, make, ami eilahlish articles of war, for the . 0 b :;rrr eminent of I.U Majesty's forcvs.

JA. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for bringing off> uders against such articles of war to j'nftiee, it shall and mry te lawful to and for llii to empower ilie, chief governor or governors of tins kingdom to erect

and e.mliituto comts mirtlal with power to hear, try, and determine any crimes and uftriiecs by such a*deles of-war, and to inflict penalties by sentence or judgment of the fame within thin kingdom; and to summon before tlicm witnesses, who during their necchary attendance in such courts, and in going to and returning from such courts, shall be privileged from arrest’in like manner, as witnesses attending any of his Majesty’i) courts of l;nv -.ire; privileged; and that if any such witness shall be unduly arrelled, lie find! be discharged from such arrcil by the coutt out of which the writ or proeefa ifiucd, l*y which such witness was arrcfled; or if the court out of which rlie writ or yeocefs issued be not lining, then any judge of the court <d king’s bench, upon Us being made appear to such court or judge, by affidavit in a summary way, that such \viinci> was arrested in going to, or returning from, or at-rending i pen fmh court-martial; and that all witnesses so duly fimimoned, who Audi not attend on such com: -., Ih.dl be liable to be attached in the com t of kingV hce.uv, upon complaint made to the said conn of kingVhcnch, in like manner as if such witnefb had ne »le "te 1 t) a:e 11 a i a trial in tin: c.i irt.

LII. Provided always, 'That no rerson or persans shall be adjudged to fufler any punidim ;:tt extending to life or i; mb by the said articles of war within this kingdom, except mr such crimes as are expressed to be so punishable by ill’s act.

LIII. I'rnrided aliU, and be it further cnaflt.l, That if any officer or soldier ftvaU l:i any uf hb. M.ijjity’s dmninbns beyond ihe fert, or elsewhere beyond the sea^, cumm't ;i:iy of rhaoifenees triable by courts-martial by virtue of this act, and flvdl come or W brought into this re dm before lie be tried by a court-martial for such o.Tuuv, such odicer or fol.iier Ihrdi be tried ami punished for the fame, as if the said oillnce had been commUted within this realm.

LIV. Provided That mi person cr pevfoirt being acquitted or convicVcd of any cipit.d crimes, viaLiuav, or iifuncc'i by the civil magilfcrate, shall be liable to-be punished by a court-martial for the lb me, otherwise than by caihicring.

IX. Provided ailb, Thai1 if any olhcer, non-commissioned officer, or fohlicr shall be aceuied of ary capital crime, cr of any violence or offence against the por-ibn, ctlate, cr proper./ of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, or company, or parly, is a:td are hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over Inch accused persons to the civil mag!Urate; and shall also be aiding and afliiling to the oiheers of justice in the seizing and apprehending -such offender in order to put him to tidal; and if any such commanding ofheer ilinll wilfully n.-glecl or reftife upon application made to him for that purpufc, to deliver over any such arcuful p/rlon to the civil magistrate, cr to be and nflifting to the of-

ficers of justice in appic bending'such offender*?, every such officer so offending, and Wing thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where such fact is committed, by the oath uf two credible witnesses, shall be taken to be i:>fzf.ub cailiicrv.l, and Hull be utterly difalded to have or hold any civil or . tnilhaiy oifce or employment tvUliin this kingdom, or in his Mujdly’s service; pre*-- rided the said conviction be aifirmed at the next quarter sections of the peace for . rie laid comity, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who , *;? hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

JAI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every fu'.urc f.ivr.uilcr, :gcm, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or

cc-mpany,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. ij7

<.\'-.T>p:inv, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors or edmi- A.D. uhli.-.tors of every officer or fohlier for any of the nay of such officer or soldier by ] yy7. him or them received, Hi all on reasonable demand nude by such executor or adir.i- Chap. 13liillv.’.ior, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or iuhuiiustrator, of ..k!» fern or sums of money as lie or they shall have so rcfneclively received f».r such v'.icer or soldier, and for v.Iiit*h they ought so to account as afuvcl.ud, iv.ch executor or adntinijir.uor pa\ ing for the lame, and i!t.d! account with such cwcutoror ;'.«im:ui;tr..for for the lame; ami that every such p.'.ym.ifficr, agent, or clerk of any :,avriioii, regiment, troop, or company offending herein, dr.'ll forfeit the like penal-ti:s ai. l to be recovered in like manner as appointed by this act, ice flic!* colonel* or tgc:-u nor giving due accounts of or for the pay of the said officers or soldier?, to and fir such officer.* and soldiers themselves.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, "Tat if any action, bill, plaint, or suit, fli.dl ue brought against auv person or persons for any act, matter, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, that it Ilia! and may be lawful to ami for all and every person or pcifon; lucd as ufoiefah!, plead thereunto the gjiicral illiie, that lie or they are not guilty, and to give such speci.il matter in evidence to the jury, which Hull try the ifliic, which speet;:! nutter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficieiit matter in law to have discharged the said dcivnd.mt or defendant* to the trespass or other matter laid to hi» cr their charge; and if the verdict dull pass with the said defendant or defendants it: any such acliott, the plaintiff or plaintitfs tuercin become nonsuit, or fu Ter any dlfeoaritiuance thereof, that in cvcrv inch case tire justice or justices, or such other judge before whom the said purler shall be tried, ilia!, by force ami virtue of tills a:l, allow unto tire defendant or defendant?, his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful vexation in defence of the said action or suit, for which the said defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where colts by the laws of this realm are given to the defendants.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, plaint, action, or suit against cny person or persons for any a«ft> matter or tiling to be aired or done in pursuance of this act, or against any member or mmiftcrof a court-manial in respc£fc of any sentence of such court, or of any thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some of the courts of record at Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever.

LIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons whatsoever who shall directly or indirectly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade or procure any soldier or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs or successors, to do fere, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall fuller such fine, imprisonraent or corporal punishment as the court before whom such offence Hud be tried, shall in their discretion think fit.

LX. And be it enacted, That if shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to depute by warrant under his hand and seal some proper person to sign routes for the inarching cfny of his Majesty's forces, with the name of such lord lieutenant, ot chief governor.

LXI. And to prevent as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their service; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no per-foa whatsoever, who is or shall be lifted, or who shall lift and enter lumfclf as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, unlcis for a real debt, or other just cause of adlioa, and unless before Vol. XVIII. y y the

178 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

the talcing out of such proeefs or execution, not being for a criminal matter, tli-e plaintiff 0 plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, 1 797* flj.iii make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or Chap. 1 3. other court out of which such proeefs or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff1 or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the action or cause of action on which such proeefs shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to twenty pounds at lcaff, over and above all costs of suit in the fame action, or in any action on which the same shall be grounded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such procefc or writ, for which memorandum no fee shall be taken; and if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties or otherwise, and by warrant under his or their hands and seals to discharge such soldier so aTretted contrary to the intent of this act, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a soldier in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this actj and ulfo to award to the party so complaining such coils as such judge or judges shall think reasonable, for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the f.i:d execution might have had for his cods, or the plaintiff* in the like action might have luJ for the recovery of his colls in case judgment had been given for him with coils against the defendant in the said action.

IAil. And to the end that lionett creditors who aim only at the recovery of their just debt! due to them from persons entered into, and enlisted in lus Majesty's service, may not bt hindered from suing for the fame, but on the contrary may be assisted and so.w.mled in their luffs, and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed iu a more cafy and cheap method: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the plaiutilF or plaintiffs, upon notice full given in writing of '.lie cause of action, to such person or persons so entered, or left at his or their last place of residence before such lifting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such plaintfff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry) and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this act or any thing herein or any former law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the passing of this act, no soldier being arrested, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company to which lie shall belong.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any lugh-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, fluff quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or Tefufe to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided fulGcient notice be given before the arrival of such troops; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any person or persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their houfo or houses, any such officer or soldier; or ill case any victualler, or any other pe;fcn liable by The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

i ?9

this act, to have any officer or soldier billeted or qu«-tered on him or her, shall A.D. refuse to receive any such officer or soldier, or fiia.ll refuse to furntffi or allow suffi- 17Q7.

or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to furnifti good ami sufficient {tabling for each horse so quartered on him or her as af >ref.iid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty within which such offence Aiall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible wiuiefs or witnesses, which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, every such high constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor left than forty shillings, as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter Avail be heard, Anil in his or their discretion think fit*, to be levied by distress nnJ fa!e of the goods of the person so offending, by warrant under the hand and feu!, orliands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more or them, to be directed to any conftuble within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of thi overseers of the poor of the parish where such offender Anil dwell 5 which said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pound?, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, Avail be applied in ths first place in making such satisfaeV.on to any soldier for the expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billeted or quartered as aforesaid, as such justice or justices Aiall order and direct, and the remainder Audi be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence Aiall be committed, or to some one of them fur the use of the poor of the said parish.

L\V. And for the better preventing nbufes in quartering or billeting the soldiers in pursuance of this act: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or justices of the peace within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require or command any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this n£t, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by then), and also the names of the house-kecpcTs or persons upon whom every such officer or soldier ffia/l be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the Ureet or place where every such house-keeper dwells, and of the sign (if any) belonging to their houses, to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting of thenu

LWI. Provided neverthele'fs, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thiny-first day of ftlavch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven when and as often as any person or persons Atall be enlisted as a soldier or soldiers in his Mnjcily’s land service, he and they Avail within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such cniifting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city, or town-corporate, not being an officer in the army, and before such justice or chief magistrate, he or they Audi be at liberty to declare Ins ot their dissent to such cniifting *, and upon such declaraton and returning the cniifting money, and also each person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty shillings for tire charges expeuded or laid out upon him, such person or persons so enlisted, Aiall be forth-

with

I So The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

w:;h bfck.irgoJ nnj f.t at IVity in the pretence of fuchjufitic. or chief mngifir.ue;

1 797* J cr^0I: cr K,:i‘f°Jls refute o neglea within the space of i\v-j.uy-four

Chap. I hours to return or pay fttrh money as aforesaid, he or they uall be deemed and taken to he cnlifteu, as if l. c.or they had given Ids or their r.iTent thereto before the said justice or cltief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare Ids or their hating voluntarily entitled himself or themselves, then such jdtice or chief magis-trale fl-aJl, and lie i-i hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand) that fuel* person or persons I: or are duly enlisted, setting forth the place of birth, age, ami calling of him or them respectively, if known, and that the tecornl and li.vth lections of the articles of war against mutiny and detertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons so to he certified as duly entitled, fir.dl refute to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrare, it shall and may ’ be lawful for such 'officer from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to de-

tain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take t!t£ oath before required $ and every military officer that shall act.contrary hereto, or ofield herein, '/hall incur the like penalty and forfeiture, ns is by this act to be inflicted upon any oilieer lor making a false ami untrue lrmfter; and the penalty and forfeiture all be levied ui.l recovered in the same manner as any penalties and forfeitures are by this act to i, levied or recovered.

LXV i!. And be it further cnnfted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or person.-. 1’i.tll receive the enlisting money fr-m any oilieer, knowing it to be tech, and shall ibilcml, or refute to go before lueh justice or chief magistrate, in order to declare his aiTenr or diffimt as aforesaid, fitch person or persons flutll be deemed and taken m he enlisted to all intents and purposes whatsoevcv, ami ih.di and may be proceeded agaiidl, as if he or they had taken the oath diverted by the said articles of war, to be taken before such justice or chief mag.Urate.

LXVIII. And whereas it is nectary that accounts of the recruiting service should be regularly transmitted 5 be it enacted, That every officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, tiuop, or company of his Majesty's forces, serving in anil belonging to the clhiblishment of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required every two months to make up and transmit, examined and certilied by his commanding officer, if resident in Ireland, who in this case shall, and be U hereby directed ami required to certify the same to the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces, an abstract of the numbers recruited, during the two preceding months, and also to transmit a copy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the said service during the two preceding months to the act tit of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respectively, and on failure herein the officer through whose neg eft such abstrac: and account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant-general or to the agent of the corps respectively, shall be liable to be tried for such neglect by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be cashiered, or shall fuller such other punish-nient ashy such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which lueh neglect n all be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to Ills colonel, if in Ireland, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his absence to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the o.ucer so neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every paymaster of a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's regular forces serving in and belonging to the establishment of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make out and -transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every two months

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 11'r

months of the cxa£ subsistence nclually paid to the cflccUu. oiheors and men, and A.

of the broken periods arising from deaths, defections, or d.ifch.irgcs of men in the j 707.

couVfe of the Avid two months, ami on tly* thivty-fivfl. day of March, and thirtieth C. 1 mp. I V

day of September in every year the f.uu paym.iilev fi all, and he is VurcVy divocled w—-

and required to make up, and within three months from each of the above period*

to transmit to the said agent the following accounts, that is to say, an account of all

the expences which have attended the recruiting service of hi?. Maicily's regular

forces for the prcccdting six months, distinguishing the fttbfifU'm'e of jemjits, levy

money, ami every other article of expence under their several heads, an account of the poundage paid to the efiCethe men in the preceding six months, ;,n aeu-unt of

Infp’.ud expences, travelling expellees of officers and hoiics, befo-e thee join the

orregiment, and all other leiVer comingeneies which are now, or which hi; Majehy

ihnli by any future regulations under his royal sign manual, diced to be allowed for the preceding six months, tinder their several heads, the said rclpcdite accounts to

he examined and certified by the commanding officer of each veijnclive corps, who

Dial), and he is hereby directed and required to examine ami ccitiA the fame, and

on failure herein, die paymaster through whole neglect the hn.i respective areoums

Avail not be transmitted as afuvesaid, shall be liable to a trial for fuvh nejlecl, by a

general court-martial, and if convicted Avail be cafidcred, or Auill fuller fuel) other

punishment as by such court -mania! shall be awarded \ and the commanding oifiar

of the regiment, troop, or company in which such nogled shall be committed, llnll,

raid he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, (if hi

Ireland) who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary 10

the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his ab-

fence, to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the oil-cert

oiKmding may be brought to a trial for the same.

IAX. And be it enacted, That from and after the thirty-fu ll day of March, one thousand seven hundred and tiiiiety-seven, the agent of every regiment, troop, and company of his Majesty's regular forces, serving in, and belonging to the citablish-ment of this kingdom, [hah, and they are hereby directed and required to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, or company, for the preceding year, ending the thirty-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year, and in the said accounts the several imprefts, or monies received, including the monies received for enft horses fold, and every other receipt which belongs, and ought to he brought to the credit of the pub-he.;, in the i.ccomrs of the resptdlive corps, and the several dilburlcments of monies paid fin'l he pr. perly distinguished under their fever il heads of service, the arrears due u> the \-vcr.i. officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of the comtniinosud < ffi.ws, ncn*commifinned officers, and private n e» of the fm-r-ti corps then ami three to be ffi.-.rged, and the balance then llruck which is due from the public!; to the f i 1 te;*im;:;t, troop, or company, and to transmit the fame withm the fffil limi'.td ;ime, together w.th the said proper v.iu :hers, agreeable to the y.Ttfenl fl.av.ding retoiVations, or any future regulations winch his MajestyJh.il), under his royal figri menu;! dhvcl, to the office of the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom*for th; time being, and on failure herein, or in any o-ii.r of the rccol:tir«is preferih-.d to the fail agents by tins ad, the agent or ?; at so c fiViiding, shall iV.tfcit the linn of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any pet foil or p-remne who shall sue for the farncj and the fc-cret ’.ry to the chief gorermr or uov.rners ox’ reds kingdom for the time being, shall, an.! l.e is hereby c.iivcie.l and required to examine and settle, nr cmfe to tie cx-ami-ed ;nd feiffire, the; |*CRf.irl anmrel account': provided always, That the fame lii .11 r.r.t extend, or be c Jiftrned to cvf,>m), to difcbirge any agent or agents from making up, in the course af the year, frdi ;c:ount o: accounts as the chief govrr-Vj L. X /iH. 7. z m»r

t82 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

jp) nor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, may have occnsion for, or re*

niiirv* :m<l ;mv mt.M or 2 'ents rcinfintr obedience to such reouifition or rtn iil:.

ing crimes and oft’-'iiccs committed agaiuit 3 former a cl of Parliament for puailV ing mutiny and desertion, ami for tile better payment: of the army ami their quarters: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and olTences which have been committed Hg.br.lL the f.iid aft, ill ill and may, during the continuance of this present act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, nr.iir.i, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed again ll this act, may he enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, ami punished j and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of flic): fur. mor act, Hull not be chfcotlrinued by the expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in the like manner, as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this act.

LXXJf. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any offence against the said act, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant fur such trial, except only for the offence of desertion.

LXXIII. Ami iris hereby enacted by the authorityaforefiid, That the oif.-cers ami persons employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of artillery, be at all times subject to all penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects wlutiuever, be holden to be within the intent ami meaning of every part of tins aft, during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particular^ in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that Hit* officers of tite marine forces shall be allbciated with the officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial: be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be nccc/Tary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the laud and marine forces to (it in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to pioceed in the trial of any ollicer or soldier of the land forces in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were composed of officers of the land forces only; and the officers of the land and marine forces are in such cases to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm of Ireland, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighr, and no longer.

1

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. CHAP. XIV.

A. i).

An Act to prevent the exce/pve Price cf Aeftncel ‘."gar in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS raw or Mnfeov.tdo (*ujr.ir, from which ill v- Hired fu^is ,nv k subjsft to au c.jii.d duty in both Uugfhmis, upen the i.nport

thereof; And whirls the duty ( n uliiial fug.irs imported, oug., K i »*fce du-'y }:_>-portioned iiiereto; be it vnicVid by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, by ;md with the advice and consent of the lords spiritunl and temporal, and commons in this present p trliament nflcmhled, hnd by tlir authority of the same, That no.* igj.er duty than one pound seventeen shillings anti eleven pence. Avail be paid for-and upon eviry one hundred weight of v.-fined sugar, which shall be imported into this kingdam from Great Britain, after the piling of this adk, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-eight, being of themanu-f.nflure of Great Pritain, any law made heretofore, or during the present feluon of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XV.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercomfe between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

WHEREAS an act which passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Eip;«4.

Majesty, entitled. An act for facilitating the trade and intercourst hevmcen thit hingdom, and the unitedfates of America, was by subsequent acts continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited time i be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

2: i

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act! for regulating the Trade of a Difiller, and forfe curing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

ollicor to cer-t.fn mc :o

l’rcamble. Tj~10 R the better regulating the trade of a difliller of spirits, A and securing the duties of exc'fe on all spirits diddled; be it enadieii by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority No per ton of the fame, That no person shall keep in his or her pofftffion, 'vitwVti- or ma'ce use of any Hill or other utensil for diddling spirilr, cento, and unless such person shall have obtained a license for keeping the name,"place fame, signed by one or more of the commissioners of excite, nor nnmWrof d111^ such person shall have entered and registered in the office UJh, Src.ftc. of excise, of the did lift wherein such Hill or other utensil is to 1 e set at work, his, her, or their name and surname, or names and surnames, and place or places of abode, and the number of Hills intended to be kept, and the true contents of each and all vessels to be used in his, her, or their distillcry, as also the plaee where linii diddling is to be carried on, and the officer of excise shall pc n nuk- thereupon grant a certificate thereof, to the person or persons 111a-

ii-i: inch cu- ,.

>r. King such entry or regutry.

II. And be it euadle.l, That every license to keep a dill or flills shall he ligned by otic or more of his Majesty's chief commissioners of excise, and shall contain the name and surname, or names and surnames of the person or persons whose dill or flills shall be lb licensed, and his, her, or their place or places of abode, and the place where the diddling is to be carried on, and fluid express the number of (tills u bich shall be so licensed, and the number of gallons respectively which each dill is capable of containing, and every such license shall he of force from the date thereof, until the twenty-ninth dnv of September following, and no longer; and every difliller who shall dlftill any spirits without having such license of force, shall for every time he shall so offend, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninctv»eig!it, no

(tills may be license shall he granted for the keeping of any fliil for difrf'ing icrw.irdf.not spirits or lining waters, which fluid not be capable of containing jallcra" J°° ^ve Hundred gallons, and until the said twenty-fourth Jav of June, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners or any of tflem,

Licer.fr to he* fn.wl by

a cofttnt.iii oner;

what license frtii! contain,

aft (iconics in force to 29

afterdate;

tool- penalty for not taking out licence.

Until 21 fane, »7yS, 200 tfiilon

The thirty-jevoilh Year of George III. 185

to grant iicenfes for any Hills of a content not Icfs than two hundred gallons each.

IV. And be it cuafted, That no license shall he granted to any per (bn to distill (pints, at any place not being a market town, where one'or more market or markets are and shall he held weekly,

A.D.

'797-Chap. t(i.

No J;ct-

ID liiSill ;>' i.) a j».ukw’f

unless a gauger shall be uationed in such place, and that cveiy 'X"’-s "-t, iicenfc to any person, to dillil spirits lor laic, shall he mill and void i’--1',1'

* 1 t omi!;

so soon as the person or persons who shall have obtained the fame, j;cc,i;, i,:.| shall remove his, her, or their dilUllerv, to any place from that v-tma noiiUcr*

5 - ,1 remove 1,1

expressed in such license; and that no person but the person pi.i:c< mw named in the license, shall he authorized thereby, to distil spirits Ourcii, at any place whatever, and that the person named in such license,

Until not be thereby authorized to distill spirits, lave at the place expressed in such license.

V. And be it enacted, That no license shall lie granted to any Difill.-r person to keep any Hill for diddling strong vatcis, unless fuel) iXiXuuej’’ person, with two sufficient sureties, shall have entered into a bond in3'°l.foy

cury

to lus Majesty, his heirs and fuccdlors, in a penalty of three g-iKm itiii, hundred pounds, for every dill not exceeding five hundred gal- jcomTo'o. Ions-, and of four hundred pounds for every Hill exceeding five XIm-oo hundred gallons, and not exceeding one thoulimd gallons; and of upward..ci.w. five hundred pounds for every dill exceeding one thoulimd gallons, v'oikWo

for which such distiller shall require a license conditioned, that al"i

the person or persons to whom such license shall he granted, shall

work with lueh dill or dills, not Id's than one hundred working

days, within the time such license shall he of force, and diall pay such excise for all such quantities of spirits or drong waters, as by any regulation in this act such distiller is chargeable with within the said time, and shall duly pay all such duties as Avail become payable for all strong waters to be diddled by such person, while such license shall he of force.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for th.e Covm'.f-

chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or w'll

more of them, to withdraw the license of any dilliller or distillers, lru,m

7 7 d ftilkTs HI O

if the person or persons to whom such license Avail he granted, «move, or thill change the place of his, her, or their distillery, and also the Vitk-J of a license of any distiller or difliflers, who shall lie legally convicted [.jnU!i, in any court of fub-commissioners of excise, of any fraud or ain.-um of offence agiiinft the laws of excise, which shall fnhjeft him, her, or*0'1' them to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards.

YU. And be it further enacted, That if any dill or other uten- Siill. fom.u iil for diddling spirits, be found in the possession of any person, r-.ipcion, the same shall be forfeited,- and may be foized by any eSkcr of

You XVISl. 3 A excise, ,ui

i 86 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

excise, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, unless a liicii'c

>797- to the person in whose podession the same shall be found, lur Chap. 16. keeping such dill or other utcnfd, signed by one or more of the '—v—-j chief commissioners of excise, shall be produced at the time of finding the fame; all pot-ale or wadi found in the podession of such person, may be fpilied by such officer of excise, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, and the person in whose custody such iftill or other utcnfd shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty (heads and pounds for each such dill; and every head of a dill, and worm or worms may a still which shall he found in the possession of any persons, diall

lie fnzed, tin- ’ t , ‘ ‘ 1

lets heenres he forfeited and may be seized, unless such license as aforesaid,

which iVcy* for keeping such dill or dills, to "which such head or heads, worm

'iroduced and or’W°rm8 belong, or diall be used, and no other diall be pro-

20l. for each duced at the time of finding the fame; and every person in whose

iorfeited^amd podession such head or heads, worm or worms, shall be found,

all utcufils. f]la]| forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each such head or

worm, and all vessels and utensils for diddling, and spirits and

materials for diddling, found in the podession of any such perlbu

as aforesaid, diall be forfeited and may be seized.

Not to ex-

VIII. Provided always, That no brazier, or manufacturer of ifcdVrariers" meta'> he subject to any penalty or forfeiture for having any dill, or head of a dill or worm, in his or her podefiion, so that such brazier or manufacturer of metal shall have a license for making the lame, in cases where by this act such license is required.

No brazier

IX. And be it enacted, That no brazier or other person dealer bhckVt, ing in brass, copper, tin, or other manufactured metal, shall "allons"svhh* ma^e or have in his podession any dill or black-pot, the contents inn a license, whereof shall be lcfs than dve hundred gallons, without fird in<l Hill for- having obtained a license from one or more of the commissioners sated. of excise for making the same; and if any brazier or other person as aforesaid,' shall make or have in his podession, such Aill or black-pot without such license; or if such dill or black-pot, shall be found in the podession of any brazier, or other person as aforesaid, who shall not produce a license for making or keeping the fame, such brazier shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and such dill or black-pot shall also be forfeited and seized. piJccofieif enacted, That every brazier or other person, who

dence nf bra- shall make any dill whatsoever, shall before he or she dispose of person to the fame, damp on the bread of such dill, over that part thereof

-ml"date'of "’l,ere the cock of such dill shall be placed, and also on the head year, and of such dill, his or her name and surname, and place of residence, gallons io be sncl the name and surname, and place of residence of the person

3 to

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 187

to whom he shall dispose of the fame, at full length in roman A.D. letters, and the number of the year in which such still shall lie dif- 1797' posed of, and the number of gallons which the same shall be capable of containing in figures, such letters and figures to be funk damped or in the metal of such still, and not less than half an inch long, or ,‘,i. shall for every default therein forfeit the film of ten pounds; and if any such still shall afterwards be enlarged, the brazier or person enlarging the fame, shall in like manner stamp the number of gallons, such still shall lie capable of containing after the enlargement thereof, or shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XI. And be it ena&ccl, That no brazier or manufacturer of ibsz.ienim

to feuJ out a

metal or other person, shall convey or permit to be conveyed still without from his stores, house, or out-house, to any person whomsoever, ’£mn,ail|' any still, unless a permit granted by the proper officer for the removal of such still shall be produced to such brazier, manufac- maker ami turer, or other person, and such permit shall contain in the body 5^"? thereof, the names and surnames of the brazier, manufacturer, Pena,tylo1-or other person who made such still, and of the person or persons to whom such still is intended to be sent, and also the number of gallons which such still contains j and if any person shall convey or permit to be conveyed, any still from his stores, house, or out-houses, without such permit, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer s,ai «m. of excise, to seize every still which shall be found conveying or conveyed, and for the conveyance of which such permit, or a my, hjj lew-certificate in lieu thereof shall not be produced, and that no per- shall be sent mit shall be granted for the conveyance of any still, to any person

other than a person licensed to keep a still,

XIII. And be it enacted, That the person to whom any still Permits to shall be conveyed, shall, within forty-eight hours after the arri- officers whli-val of such still, deliver up the permit under which such still was conveyed, to the proper officer, who shall thereupon grant a cer- of mils, for tificate to such person, in lieu thereof; and if any still shall be cau.s jj, ,u i,c found in the possession of any person, after the expiration of forty- jPjf' eight hours, from the arrival thereof, without producing such certificate, such still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be

ieized.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every brazier, or other person n-aziersw

dealing in manufactured metal, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth llu <<-

" ' iciiv returns

day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of of (tills so'ii, September, and twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, re- P31’* lo1, turn a true account to the collector of the district in which he or 3 A a flie

i33 The thirty-seventij Year of George III.

A.D.

the fi-.all reside, under his or her hand, or the hand of some knotva 1797- clerk, of any (lill sold by him or her, within the then preceding l!lrec mon(hs> and the name and furnaine of the person to whom each such (lill was fold, and his or her place of residence, ami the number of gallons every such still shall be capable of containing, and shall for any default therein, forfeit the Ann of ten pounds.

Stillscon-

XV. And be it enacted, That if any still. shall be kept or used

s'Emorc any distiller, who shall have a license for keeping any dill or

‘than cxprcf- (i;j|s ant] that such-still or stills so kept or used, shall respectively fed in Siccnfc , - , c

niaybefci*- ‘be of the*contents of lour gallons more than the contents or the

uorVeited^ar.tl still or stills for "which such license shall have been granted to Jiaij3 foci' as aforesaid; then and in every such cale, every such

still so exceeding the contents respectively, of the ‘still or stills tle-feribed in such license; as also every still which by any device or means used in construffing the head thereof, or otherwise shall he capable of containing above four gallons more than the quantity expressed in the license, shall be deemed an unlicensed still, and shall and may he forfeited and seized, and the distiller who shall keep or use the fame, shall forfeit the lira of twenty pounds, and such distiller shall he charged with, and pay the duty of so much spirits, as lie or flie ought to have been charged with, according to the real contents of every such still.

How dills :XV-I. And be it enacted, That no Distiller of spirits shall set SnU be fi-t. any p;]| to Work for the purpose of brewing any wash, or pot ale, or of distilling, tmless such still shall be set up to the bread thereof, in a furnace of brick or stone, with mortar of lime and sand; and every still which shall be found at work, and shall not be so set and fixed as aforesaid, -shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

11*Sillers

XVII. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits shall

such"locks provide at his or her expence, such fastenings, or locks and keys

ami keys for to the head furnace door, and cocks of every still, as shall be ap-lulls.asin- ’ 1 1

speflors up- proved of by the inspector or surveyor of the district where such

!'%ioi.PC' distiller refutes, or shall pay for such fastenings, locks and keys, as shall be provided by the inspector or iurveyor, for securing the lame; and if any such distiller shall not provide or pay for such fastenings, locks and keys, or if at any time any of such fastenings, locks or keys shall he broken, or put out of order, and such distiller shall not pay for repairing the lame, every such distiller shall forfeit the sum often pounds.

How rfu-.y

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits who i tun working shall have any still of one thous.uid gallons content, or upwards,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 1S9

shall pay excise for twenty charges of low wines, for every such A.D. still, for twenty-five working days, next after the day cm which ’797- . such dill or dills, pursuant to the regulations in this act, shall be unlocked, or set at work, together with the excise of as much itiesofion? more pot-ale, wadi, low wines, or spirits, as he or die shall diflill upward*!* within such twenty-live days, and in the fame proportion for every fibsequent day, until the works in which such dill or dills is or are respectively set, shall be taken down, or until such dill or dills shall be locked.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every distiller who fl all have How finally dill under one thousand gallons, and not less than five hun- an,i

dred gallons content, shall pay excise for twenty-three charges of jj"sn s(i‘!'

low wines, for every such dill, for twenty-live working days, next clurjcd. after the day on which such dill or dills shall be unlocked, or set at work as aforesaid, together with the excise of so much more pot-ale, wash, low wines, or spirits, as he or flic shall didil within such twenty-five days, and in the fame proportion for every day, until such dill, or dills shall be locked as aforesaid, and the worm or worms of such dill or dills displaced and removed, out of the worm-tub, or worm-tubs thereunto belonging, as by tips aft is directed.

XX. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall have any

dill under five hundred gallons, and not less than two hundred Hills un.lcr gallons content, shall pay excise for thirty charges of low wines, JjjfUJj* for every such dill, for twenty-five working days, next after the (han 100 day on which such still or stills shall be unlocked or set at wo k as aforesaid, together with the excise of as much more pot-ale, wash, low wines, or spirits, as he or she shall be found to distil, within such twenty-five days, and in the fame proportion for every day, until such still or stills shall be locked, and the worm or worms of such still or stills displaced and removed as aforesaid,

XXI. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits shall, Distiller te

7 f r make entry

under his or her own hand, or the hand of tome person for whom at excise of-

he or (lie shall be responsible weekly, that is to say, on or before tvcckl^ Saturday in every week, make true entry at the cXcile office, in rcqalty aol.

' *"d doubt*

which such distiller shall carry on the business of diddling, of the duty, quantity of spirits for which such distiller is, or shall be chargeable with duty, by decrease of wash, or otherwise, for and during the week, ending Saturday next preceding, and shall at the same time pay and clear off, or cause to be paid and cleared off, the whole of the excise by him or her payable for the fame, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds, for every such omKfion, neglect, or de-Voi. XVIII. 3 B fault

i9° A.D. 1796.

i().

The thirty-fventh Year of George III.

fault of cntr)', and payment, together with a sum equal to double the duty returned by the gauger or gaugers to be due by such dif-tiilerfor such week, which c-ntry and payment of duty at the time, and in the manner herein mentioned, and penalty and default, shall be in lieu of all penalties for default of weekly entry, and payment of all duty for spirits, imposed by any law or laws heretofore made.

XXII. Ami whereas greater quantities of spirits than are contained in such returns, may be dil’covered to have been difliiled by such diliillers, and it may he difficult to sfeertain in what particular week such spirits were difliiled, by reafoti whereof such penalties

any could not he enforced; be it enacted, That if any distiller shall ^Irits'i's'01 to ma"c c'lle return of the quantity of spirits distilled by

omitted n> be him, or if any false return shall be made thereof, the officer of

dlls'! of- excite who shall discover the quantity omitted to be returned, may

rf.', make a return of the whole quantity of spirits which shall have

turn tllali be a 1 ' 1

charge for the been l'o omitted to be returned, and such quantity of spirits returned by such officer, shall he deemed and taken to have been

difliiled, in the particular week in which such return shall have been so made by such officer, and such return shall be a charge on such distiller for such week.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the gauger or other officer of excise, shall, at or after the expiration of license of every distiller, make a like return to the collector of the district, of all such quantity of- spirits or strong waters, and of the duties thereon, as with the quantities comprized in former returns of spirits, difliiled by such distiller, during the time his or her license was of force,

shall amount to the full quantities for which such distiller is by

this act chargeable with duty, in respect of the quantity which his or her dill or Hills, is or are capable of containing, for one hundred working days, and such return shall be a charge on the

distiller, in the same manner, as the aforesaid weekly return is

by this act made a charge; and every such distiller shall be deemed

to have difliiled the quantities expressed in such return, during the period comprized therein, and shall pay the duty appearing

by such return to have incurred at such time, as by this act any

lnTf*wfor. distiller is required to pay the duties comprized in any return of

and spirits difliiled by him or her, directed by this act to be made, or

oubic duty. ^1 every default forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, together

with a sum equal to double the duty so returned by the gauger,

or other officer of excile, to be payable by such distiller.

Tender of a

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the tender of payment of any

fa t ol duty 1 / y

not to ex- ‘ sum ffiort of any duty so returned to he payable by any distiller.

alil’covcrcJ.

Returns to be made by officers, when dillil-Iers’ licenses

expire i

distillers deemed to have ditYiVcd quantities in such returns, and shall pay

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

shall not exempt such distiller from the payment of any part of any penalty aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all (lills, worms, dill-heads, and other utensils and vessels for diddling, llfed in any distillery, into whole hands soever the same shall come, and by what conveyance or title soever, the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject unto, and are hereby charged with all debts and duties of excise, which shall be in arrear, and owing by any person or persons for any spirituous liquors made within such distillery, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons uling such distillery, for any offence against the laws of excise; and it shall be lawful in all cases, to levy such debts, duties, penalties and forfeitures, out of such uteufils, as it would be lawful to do, in case the distiller owing such debts and duties, or incurring such penalties and forfeitures, were respectively the real proprietors of such utensils.

XXVI. And to prevent distillers of spirits running in arrear for the duties of excise, and before judgment on any information for the penalties for not paying such duties can be obtained, from secreting or carrying away their diddling utensils; be it enacted, That if any distiller of spirits shall differ any duty of excise to remain due, for three weeks after the fame ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the collector of excise for the didridt where such distiller resides, by warrant under his hand and seal, to empower any person or persons to seize all coppers, dills, worms, dill-heads, and all other vessels and utensils for diddling, used in any distillery belonging to such distiller so running in arrear, and to detain the fame until such distiller shall have paid such arrear of excise, and the penalties incurred by default of payment thereof j and if such excise and penalty shall not be paid within ten days after judgment shall be obtained on any information for such penalties, all such utensils and vessels shall be sold by public cant, by virtue of a warrant on such judgment; and if after payment of such arrear of excise and penalties, together with the cods and expenses attending the recovery thereof, there shall he any surplus of the produce arising from the sale of such utensils and-vessels, such surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to the distiller, whose utensils and vessels shall lie sold as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, That where any such fei/ure and detention shall be made, and the collector so causing the same to be made, shall not within fourteen days alter the making thereof, cattfc an information to be filed for the penalty, for not paying the arrear of ex-

3 13 2 cile

Stills, &t. may be feinted f.»r J weeks arrears of duty. and may be fold if duty and pc* naUtes be not pai^. within io days after judgment

surplus after fc’e to be jn:d todif-tider.

In what case a dilliller nay retake rish, 2tc. by icplcvin.

3

:igz Tk thirty-Jcvenlh Year of George III.

A.D.

cife alledged to be due, and shall not cause the same to be proceed->797- ed on, in such manner, as that judgment may be pronounced thereon, within thirty-one days after the making of such seizure, then and in either of such cases, and not other wise, it shall be lawful for the distiller whose utensils and vessels shall have been so foiled and detained, to re-take the fame, by virtue of replevin, in such manner, as replevin may he made of any goods distrained for rent by any common person.

B/iawdif- xx'VIII. And whereas by law, the returns made by the gauger

hllers r.re J J 0 0

obliged to p.17 to the commissioners, fub-commissioners, or collectors of excise on ' tg^ormms spirits distilled, arc a charge upon dillillers who are obliged to pay of gaugers: exc;fe accordingly, in case the returns of such gauger exceed what the dillillers shall upon their entries charge themselves with, and not otherwise, therefore in order as much as may be, to prevent disputes between officers of the revenue and dillillers, and to guard against errors in the returns of such officers, with respect to the when a dif- quantity of spirits.charged upon dillillers,; be it enacted, That as CeMcenui ' c'tcl1 as any dispute or difference shall arise between any officer of , nfiice: aaJ the revenue and . any difliller, touching the quantity of spirits touching charged by any officer of the revenue upon such distiller, the re-iicCT^return Ulrn ky such officer, shall be verified by the oath of such

nuiibcvcti- officer, to be made before one of the chief commissioners, or fub-and null then commissioners of excise, that the return made by him is true and be a ch. tgc, £ajr according to the bell of his skill and knowledge, and thereupon such return shall be a charge upon the distiller disputing the fame, and not otherwise. o/iicer not XXIX, Provided always, That such distiller shall not be at li-^ake'oath'0 berty to controvert the chargemade by such officer, or to compel unless diitil- liiin to verify the same as aforesaid, unless such distiller shall have regular rc- made a regular weekly return of the quantity of spirits by him jcOcdividdn" distilled, nor unless he shall object to such return within one week a week. aftCr the same shall have been made.

Diraicr to

XXX. And be it cnailed, That every distiller who shall be li-notic?<f')ro cen^> flaflgive four days notice in writing, to the surveyor or ing to work, gauger of the walk in which his or her distillery is carried on, of daysmaydif- the time when lie or flie shall begin to work; and that every dif-

continue, tiller who shall intend to difeentinue distilling with all or any from time to # 0 # J

time, on giv- of his, or her (till-or stills, may from time to time, after the

"tmMo^mn-" twenty-eight days from the day of unlocking such Hill or stills rc-

speitively, as herein after mentioned, discontinue distilling with

and gauger; all or any of his, or her dill or stills, such distiller giving notice

in w'riting, of such his or her intention, to the chief commission-

exs of his Majesty's revenue, and to the collector of the distrifl,

and

The thiriy-fe-Vc'iith Year of Georgs 111. u)}

and ihe surveyor ami gauger of the walk wherein Inch distillery A. I), shall he carried on, Inch notice to be delivered to them respc£tive- 1797-ly, six days before the day 1'uch distiller intends to difeontimte, and Chap. t6. requiring rh.it his or her still or Hills so intended to he dist-ontimicd from distiliiner, may he locked on a day therein named; and in calc of a dill of one thousand gallons content or upwards, such notice specifying that the works in which the fame is set shall be taken down; and in case of a (fill or dills tinder one thousand gallons content, Inch notice, specifying that such dilliller will cattle the worm or worms thereunto belonging, to be difpbcvd and re- u«iobed-moved out of the worm tubs, and thereupon and upon fa ;h distil- shall k-taken ler can fine; the works in which fitch Hill of one thousand gallons '* "

o o der icca.

content or upwards, shall be set to be taken down; and upon fitch ^wi’ninw lw distiller displacing and removing, or causing to be displaced or removed clear out of the xvorm-tubs, or tubs, the worm or worms to such (till or (fills, under one thousand gallons respectively lla-"J belonging, and laying the fame cn the ground near the tub in moicJ, oiii-which the fame was or were fixed, it shall then be lawful l'or anj'1' the gauger or fttrveyor to (trap down and lock on the head of every !oc*. such still or (fills so intended to be discontinued as aforesaid, and to lock the door of the furnace grate, aftd (top and lock the discharge cock or pipe of every such (fill or ltills; end if the surveyor

or gauger shall be prevented from so doing by any person at fitch pm-cnu-.l distillery, or by means of the distillery being locked, and no person appearing to give him entrance or otherwise, ’or if any (fill or '1« not 4 1 u J s Titan do»n,

lulls shall not he so locked, or if the works In which the still, if of or worms nor

the content of one thousa'nd gallons or upwards shall be set, shall not he taken down, or if the worm or worms belonging to any (fill a

or (fills under one thousand gallons content, shall not be displaced,

removed, and laid down as aforesaid, or if such distiller shall omit

so to deliver as aforesaid, any such notice as aforesaid, such distiller shall continue to pay excise, as if he had not given such notice to

discontinue distilling with such still or (fills.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any distiller who shall for a

time discontinue distilling in manner aforesaid, and shall desire to . day*

D . ncc to com-set at work again with such (fill or (tills so discontinued, shall dc- missioncu,

liver to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's levenue-, eight

days before the day he or (lie shall intend to begin to work F®"6<y> of J ° me:,non 19

again, and to the collector of the district and gauger of the walk rc-com-

wherein such distillery shall he carried on, six days before the said mcnci;’

day, notice in writing of the day on which he or (lie shall intend

to begin to work again, and the surveyor or gauger shall upon

Vol. XVM. ‘ 3C fu<h

2<H A.D.

'707-Chap. iC).

locks io K* opened, ive.

2 ok penalty for working without such notice.

' irftiiis

See. are found warm, or

worms re-. placed after 24 hours, from locking, Arc. dilliiler shall forfeit rcl

Diflillerj to pay for 2$ days from time of un» locking, and for every day after, until notice as before, is given.

the like after" etvry future -declaration, allowing 2 ds»yc for rebuilding works, Arc. if they do not begin to tvoik sooner;

The thirlj-seventh Year of George III.

such notice, open the locks and fahenings of the hill or hiik of such dihiller, and iuflbrlhe worm and worms of such hill or stilts tinder one thousand gallons each content, which shall have been so removed to he replaced, and shall charge him or her with excite as herein mentioned; and if any such dihiller shall work any such hill without having delivered as aforesaid every such notice, such dihilier shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if at any time subsequent to twenty-four hours after any hill shall have been locked, or after the time mentioned in such notice as aforesaid, of discor.ti-nuing of the working of any hill, such hill or the works in which it is or shall be set, shall be found warm, and in case of a hill under one thousand gallons content, if at any time subsequent to twenty-four hours after the worm thereunto belonging was removed out of the worm-tub, such worm hiall he replaced,; or if the worm-tub or water therein to any such hill belonging, shall be found warm, the dihilier in whose possehion the fame -shall be so found, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, unless such hill shall have been open upon a new declaration in manner aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every dihilier from the day on which his or her hill or hills shall be unlocked, or set at work, shall pay excise in the manner and according to the quantities herein mentioned, for twenty-eight days next ensuing, and for every day after the-expiration of the said twenty-eight days, until such notice shall be given-to. the chief commissioners, collector, survey-or, and gauger as herein before directed, of the time of his or her intending to discontinue working his. or her hill or hills, and until his or her hill or hills shall be locked in manner herein before directed, and until in case of a hill of the content of one thousand gallons or upwards, the works in which the same shall be set hiall be taken down, and until the worm or worms of fitch hill or hills, under one thousand gallons content each, shall be removed and taken down as aforesaid; and that every such dihilier, shall like-wife after every future declaration of his or her intention, to have his or her hill or hills unlocked, pay excise in like manner, according to the like quantities, and for the like time to commence, and be computed from the day of unlocking his or her hill or hills, after every successive declaration as aforesaid, a deduction of two days being made for the purpose of rebuilding the works necessary for setting such hill, and of putting up or replacing such worm or worms as shall be taken down, so as such hill or hills ke

not

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

not fot to work upon either of the salt! two days, and such (Miller shall be allowed thirty shillings out of the charge of excise, for rebuilding the works necessary for letting a (till of one thousand

gallons content or upwards, and twenty shillings for replacing the worm belonging to every Hill of five hundred gallons content and upwards, and twelve shillings for replacing the worm of every Hill of two hundred gallons, and lcfs than five hundred gallons content.

XXXIV. And be it cnadtcJ, That every difliller whose Hill or Hills shall be of the content of one thousand gallons or upwards, shall he considered as continuing to work with such Hill or Hills, until such time as the works in which it is set shall he taken down; and every difliller whole Hill or Hills shall he less than one thousand gallons content each, shall be considered as continuing to work with Inch Hill or Hills, until such time as the worm or worms of such Hill or Hills shall be displaced and removed out of the worm-tub, or worm-tubs as herein mentioned, and the difliller to whom such Hill or Hills shall belong, shall pay excise accordingly.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That when any officer of excise, shall find any Hill of any difliller of spirits charged with wadi of liquor brewed from corn, such officer shall charge such difliller with as much spirits as one-ninth part of the content of every such Hill shall amount to; or if any dill charged with wadi made from sugar molasses or decayed \vinc6, such officer shall charge such difliller with as much spirits as one-sixth part of the content of such Hill or (tills shall amount to, deducing one-seventh part of the whole content of every such Hill, for liberty for such still or dills to work, and that when any such officer of excise shall find any still charged with low wines extracted from corn, such officer shall charge such difliller with as much strong water as one-third part of the whole content of such still shall amount to; or if such still be charged with low wines, made from sugar molasses or decayed wines, such officer shall charge such difliller with as much llrong waters as one-half part as the content of such still shall amount to, deducting one-twelfth part of the whole content of such still for liberty for such still to work.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any officer of excise shall find any still at work, and the difliller, or any person employed by him or her, shall refuse to declare what is then in the Hill, it shall be lawful for such officer of excise to charge the difliller, as if such still was filled with low wines, and such difliller shall pay the duties accordingly; and if any difliller, or any person employ-

3 3 G 2 cd

30s. ajlo.v.- i far rthr'-hhi.; tvufki f..r icoo gallon still:.; 20 . for it*( ldc:-£ worms, &c. in |, Oo gallon ili!.-, and us.in ;co ga'lon link.

Dillillcu cor.fidered as

working, until works arc Liken down, or worms ie~ moved

When it fti ] is found charged with wash from corn, 1-5th of content of fit ff Ihaff be chtrged as spirits;

-6th when from molasses or decayed wines *,

1-7th of each dill deduced fer liberty to work;

low wines front corn charged as 1 3d llrong waters; from molasses or decayed wines as 1 half, deducing i-izth for liberty to work.

When distillers are at work, anti rcful'c to declare wfiat is in their ltilk, they shall be charged, as if filled with low wines;

too

ft be l/jirljf-Jtve/tib Year of George III.

every 3 gal-fj.ui Sen.

A.D.

ed by Mm, (halt shew the (lock of such diiliUcr to tb; gauger, 171)7. ajid flioll declare any pint of such distillers flick to be lain; and fCliiap. '(> that'itf shall be found that nine gallons tlnivoi. Until produce 11100: l^.tl.an.onc gallon of proof (pints, then and in fuel’, calc, ail tin! f!laJ "aii %110rs-('0 declared as.'faints, or found couccuLd after dceb;a'.,;ii , l>c- forfeited. Audi be'forfeited, and the person so on-ending, shall forfeit uvu:y Jirojucemore fltillings for every three gallons thereof; and if any diiiiller, 0: tlimi i cl i,jg or her servant, shall declare that any llili of such diddler i.

p'rol fymts,

andaoi. lor charged with, or diddling fain-ts, such dimmer, or ms or tier lu--

vant, shall at the rcrpieft of such officer of excise. work cif the

contents of such dill, in the presence, and according to the direc-

f tion of such officer without flopping it, or causing it to run foul,

and shall put the produce thereof into a vesse! or vessels, capable

of containing not Id's than one hundred gallons each, as fuel:

officer ' shall direct, without wilfully -washing or defuoving any part thereof; and if it shall be found that the produce of any luck

dill Ilia 11 amount to more proof spirits than.one-ninth part of the

contents of such dill, allowing one-seventh of the uouients thereof for working, such Jidiller shall, for every gallon, of proof (piriu

so produced, over and above the said ninth part, forfeit twenty

diilliiiga; the drength of (itch spirits, and of such liquors as shall be declared as faints, to he determined by the hydrometer used for proving the drengtlt of imported spirits,; and if it shall be

found that cither salt, sugar, -syrup, or any glutinous matter shall

to concc.-il the he mixed, with any spirits, or any liquor declared as faints, so as

fpX for M?- to prevent their drength being -known by the hydrometer, the dil-

for rein ling to t’*cr *n ^'hol'e custody such liquor declared as faints, and so mixed,

v-wk, Hup. or such . spirits so mixed dull be found, shall forfeit the Ann of

twenty pounds, together with such liquor or -spirits; and if such

distiller, or his servant or i'ervants, shall rcfule to work off such

dill, or duill (lop it when set to work, or shall spill or defl-roy

any of the produce, such distiller shall forfeit the lum of fifty pounds.

tth.-.rpns to

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any oiut-uij ii.ian . officer of excise keeping an account of wash, pot-ale, and low -wash^f': ut wines, which irom time-to time shall be in the house, or pofLffion of any distiller, upon any decrease of wadi, made of liquor, brewed or made from corn, to charge such distiller with as much spirits, as one-ninth part of the wash so decreased, shall amount to, or with as many gallons of spirits, as two-fifth parts of the iirll extraction from such willi, called low wines, so decreased, shall amount to, and upon decrease of any wash made from sugar or melasses, or decayed wines, to charge such distiller with one-

sixth

20l. penalty for mixing any tiling

with spirits

ping, or dc-

ilro'

oying.

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III.

'Wii part as spirits, or with as many gallons of spirits, as one-half A.D. of the fit ft extraction of low wines made from sugar molasses, or 1797‘ decayed wines shall amount to, and such distiller -shall pay the duty so charged.

XXXVOl. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall 16I- r'r make tile of any still, of the content of one thousand gallons, or on payment

of the duties on all walk diililled in

ofdut'c' for

Upwards, shall, on payment ui me uuutrs un <m wum uiimitu 111 -icco yilii every such still, be allowed out of such duties, al the rate of ii:- ®

teen pounds per centum, of such duties; and tluJt every distillers,». who thall make use of any still of five hundred gallons, and under one thousand gallons, shall, on payment of the duties on all wash distilled in every such still, he allowed out of such duties, at the rate of eight pounds per centum, of such duties.

XXXIX. And to prevent distillers from keeping their backs or Teflels filled for many weeks, under pretence that their pot-ale or wash, requires a length of time for the proper fermentation thereof, by which means they frequently work off the contents of such hacks privately, and replace the fame with concealed pot-ale or waft’.: be it enacted, That all pot-ale or wash made of corn, Waft nwitt which shall not be distilled in seven days, including the day of brewing, and the day of distilling, and all sugar wash, or wash made of molaft'es, which shall not be distilled in fourteen days, m biles, in including the days of breaking down the molaflfes or sugar with ot'Vwc"* water, and the day of distilling, and all wash made of fweel waters, Jja"r(^c'"n* which shall not be distilled in seven days, including the day of re- fiJeicJ at eeiving, and the day of distilling the fame, shall be considered as new wash, and charged with duty accordingly.

XL. And be it enacted, That any distiller who hath, or shall 1 ,\cer.M have obtained a license for keeping any still, shall have the fame power and authority to enter into any house, office, or tenement P0'vcr^"y.r-helonging to any person, in which any still, or worm of a dill milicenfd shall be kept, and for the keeping of which still, or the still to foipjiuaft? which such worm shall belong, a license shall not have been grant- anii recc'«

° ° a moiety,

ed, and to seizeand carry away the fame, and that any such licensed distiller may spill att wash and pot-ale, in every case where any officer of his Majesty's revenue may spill the fame; and every such licensed distiller who shall seize any unlicensed still or worm,

shall have and receive one moiety of the produce of any such still or worm seized by them respectively, upon condemnation thereof, and also one moiety of all penalties tc. which any person in whose pofiession such still shall be found, shall be subject on account of having such still in his or her pofiession, and of the sums which are VOL. XVIII. J D hereby

1 9&

A.D. 1707.

(Jl.lp.lC.

i'i,. 1 "»v/no*

I.Vto C0l-rs *i;h a r

WO 111 u\

t Ittfc, &c tl.cii cul-

Difuilir.p

rot

fcc.!o«j»irj» to

;i liccsiicu tiif-'nl-r, mnv be iV.v.:J by any Jr.1 j_ il'r.ite, ivv. oi;:c t, or lic-n led i!i lilJrr, an!

Dicks to .;co

n> left limn 4CO j'.il'oi:s w be juu ii,u

any h c):, X-c. «of wori, I’ot.Je, or wafii. of mo* or ;'u-

»ar; &t.

i’crultv jo!.

If (lilllllers keep umIIi cr jo;.aloof Corn, ami JW'hlfrs waft at lame time, it shall be spilled, am! a cl. forfeited.

The thlrty-fe-venlb Year of George III.

hereby to be recovered, as herein after directed, offparish.es and other places, in which unlicensed {tills shall be seized.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every lieenfed distiller, who Audi fti'/.e any such unlicensed still, or worm of a still, shall, within six days from the lime of (azure, give notice thereof to the col'cflor of the difirict, or to the next resident officer cfexcise, who shall immediately after such notice, take into hi.; cuddy such still or worm, and secure the fame in like manner, as if they had been seized by any officer of e.xcise.

XLII. And be it enacted, That ail vessels and utensils, of what mature or kind soever, commonly' uiLd in the process of diddling spirits, which shall be found in any house, out-house, Or Other place, not belonging to a lieenfed distiller of spirits, or any Jioule, or other place thereunto adjoining, shall and may be broke and deft roved by any instiec of the peace, or by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or by any lieenfed distiller as aforesaid, who shall find and discover the fame, and all waft] and pot-ale found in any such place, shall be spilled.

XT.III. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall keep in ills or her possession, or shall make use of any back or other vessel, foi fermenting any pot-ale or walh, which shall not contain four hundred gallons at the least, or shall put into, or set in any back cooler or Other vessel, at any one time, a finaller quail-lily of wort, or pot-ale, or walh of molasses or sugar, titan four hundred gallons; or make use of any vessel to contain low wines or singlings, which shall lie of less content than the full charge of his or her Hill, in which such low wines or singlings shall be distilied; or shall make use of a second vessel for putting low wines or singlings in, tniless the first shall be full of low wines or singlings; or shall make use of any still, which shall have any hole in tltc head or bread thereof, through which the fame may be charged, on,pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every of tile said offences.

XI.IV, And be it enacted, That no distiller, so Jong -as he or flic shall have any walh, or pot-ale of corn on hand, shall set, have, or keep any molasses watli; and if any molasses walh, and walh, or pot-ale of corn shall be found at the same time, in any tliftillcry, all such walh and pot-ale, shall and may be spilled by any officer of the revenue, and the person in whose distillery or possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XLvr. And for preventing distillers from taking in wash privately prepared, and charging their dills in the officers absence;

3 fee

V,’

I'or.nnj

ilechru

*ith

uti

'2 be thirtr-fivenib Year -of George III. be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits shall, twenty-four hours at least, before receipt of any quantity of decayed v.ine?, sugar water, or any ether fermented wash, into his diliillery, give notice in writing to the gauger, or officer of cxcile, in charge of fitch difUilcry, oi' the particular quantity of iiich decayed wines, sugar water, or other him! of'fermented wash, anil of the fpceics thereof, and of the time when he or the intend to receive the same, upon pain of forfeiting for every litcli offence the iitm oi ten pounds.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every difliller, his or iicr fer-

vant, who shall llicw Iris or her Cock to any officer of excise, J-

(lull count all the calks of spirits, and declare the number there- Jh.ill l-ou'il ‘ . . cash, anil

of to the officer, taking an account of the fame; and in case such r:«i.,icnum-

distiller, his or her servant, flaa’I refttfe so to do, he or (lie shall sol."’

forfeit for every fitch offence, the film of twenty pounds; and if 5, |irnl!lv

ester'such declaration as aforesaid, any of the calks which shall j"r‘v-,r>' c=S-

have been declared to contain spirits, shall be found to be empty, nM-erncf-

or to contain any other liquor or thing, save only spitits; or if

more caflts than one, shall lie found not to be full; or if a greater

number of caflts shall he found, than have been so declared, such

distiller shall forfeit for every c.ifk so found, not corresponding

with such declaration, the fmn of five pounds.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if any distiller shall, in brewing or distilling, make use of any cooler, which shall not be ferew- keep coot.

ed down, or otherwise fastened to beams, firmly fixed at both jlu-"L<i' ends, in the walls of his or her still-hoofe, or house used for

brewing pot-ale, or in fotne other firm or substantial work: or orwl.o alter ° r ’ , (I nation iwih-

shall alter or fulfer the level fttuation, or dipping place of any out days cooler or back, by him or her made use of, or the beams that mmcc’ Support the fame, after having been so fixed as aforesaid, to be altered, without having given four days notice thereof to the officer or gauger of the walk in which such difiillery shall be carried ort; or if any distiller shall use a cooler, through the centre where- orwhoofe of there shall not he ereifted, and constantly kept fixed lengthways, from one end to the other, a firm frame or stage of wood, at *r gauging, least eighteen inches in breadth, and of thickness sufficient to pre- mils, as-vent the fame from bending or swinging, from which the officer htran’ of ertcife may gauge the liquor in such cooler, or if there shall not he a firm hand-rail, of the length of such stage, anj conveniently placed with respect thereto; or if any distiller on the demand of or who do any officer of cxcile made to him or her, or to the person attend- gep-bdalas, ing to shew his or her flock, Shall not furnish, or cause to be fur- ftc'

’lifted, a strong and safe ladder, made in the manner of a ft If r step-

Di.' ille-e who ilu no:

CE'OO

JL D.

1797-iChao. -io.

iGoppers of Irfs width at the mouth than at any other p.irt, may bclei'/ed, and 20l. for-: Idled;

-2o1. penalty 'lot keeping a copper in any other situation than that the dill shall be in a direct l’>ne between brewing vessel and wJrm :ub.

Spirits to tie kept in registered

spirits to be -kept in calks, -aot lets than too gallons, ttish a two miles of Dub* lin Cattle;

in otherptrts in vessels not ld» than hogC beads;

*The ikirty-seventh Year of George*Ill.

step-ladder, with Heps four inches broad, or diall not have provided a hand-rail, or ropcin the nature of a hand-rail, conveniently placed with respect to such ladder, of length diffident to enable such officer to afeend to such cooler, and fix the fame at the dipping-place thereof; every distiller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, tihal!, for every such offence, forfeit the lum of twenty pounds.

XLVIII. And to prevent distillers from having coppers or vef-llels for brewing pot ale, con drafted lo-narrow at the mouths t thereof, that heads of dills can be placed thereon, by which such coppers or other vessels, may he used as dills, and to prevent them from placing’such coppersor brewing vessels so near their worm-tubs, as'that:the-worms in such nubs, may be easily applied to such coppers, when used as frills,; be it enacted, That if any distiller of spirits shall make use of, or keep any copper or vessel for brewing pot-ale, the width whereof at the mouth, diall be less than the width thereof in any other part of such copper or other vessel, every such copper or vessel shall he forfeited, and may be dazed, and the person using or keeping the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any such distiller diall have or keep any copper, or other vessel for brewing pot-ale, set or placed ,-in any manner, other than in such situation, as that the dill or place where the same shall be let or dand, diall be in a direct line between the place where such copper or other brewing vessel shall be set or stand, and the place where the Worm-tub shall be set or stand, every such distiller, for every time such copper or other brewing vessel diall be found set or placed in any situation, other than as aforesaid, diall'forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall keep his or her spirits together, in a store or stores, in or adjoining to his or her distillery, which store or stores shall be regihered with the collector of the district, by notice in writing, and diall not make use of any place for keeping his or her spirits, which shall not have been so regidered; and every distiller whose distillery is or shall he situated in the city of Dublin, or within two miles of the Castle of Dublin, shall store, or keep Iris or her spirits in cades, of the content of not less than one hundred gallons each; and every distiller, whose distillery is or shall be situate in any other part of this kingdom, shall store or keep his or her spirits in calks, not Id’s than hogsheads; and every distiller shall place and keep all his or her calks and vessels, in which any spirits shall be stored or kept, or which shall be made use of indistilling, in convenient situ.uious, with their dipping-ptae- uppcrjnoft, and easy

of

The thirty fe^enih Year of George III.

of access, and in such manner, that the officers of excise tnay readily and ciTec'cually take the gauge thereof; and every such distiller shall forfeit the Inm of twenty pounds, for every default or neglect, in any of the said respective cases; and if any spirits shall be found in any ilore or ‘lores, of which such regillry as aforesaid, shall not have been made, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the diRiller or distillers to whom they belong, shall forfeit for every gallon so found, the film of twenty shillings.

L. And be it enacted, That if any difliller of spirits shall mix, or fuller to be mixed, any tmmalted corn or grain, ground or unground, or which had not been charged with the duty on malt; or any meal of oats, or wheat malted or unmalted, with any ground or unground malted corn, in preparing for, or brewing, making, or fermenting any wash, or pot ale for the making of spirits; or shall brew, or make any wash or pot-ale for diddling spirits from unmalted corn, or corn which had not been charged with the duty on malt, mixed or un mixed with malt, or from any malt made of oats, mixed or unmixed with any other corn or grain ground or unground, or shall distill, or suffer to be dilliiled, any spirits from any such wash or pot-ale as aforesaid, or if any such mixed corn or malt made of oats ground or unground, or any kind of meal from any corn which had been charged with the duty on malt, shall be found in the distillery, or in any other place in the possession of any difliller, every such difliller, shall, for every offence, forfeit forty pounds; and all such corn ground or unground, and meal, wash, and spirits, and the bags, cades, or vessels containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be l'eized by any justice of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and upon the trial of any information for the said penalty or forfeiture, the proof shall lie on the defendant or claimant, and not on the person prosecuting such information; and if any ground oats or oatmeal, above the weight of eight (tones, shall he found in any distillery or store, or other place thereto belonging, the same shall be forfeited and seized as aforesaid, and the difliller in whose distillery or store the same shall be found, shall forfeit

201

or (iiliil fr.;:n such wails; or if any Inch mixed corn he found wi>li a difliller, lie shall forfeit 40l. and all such corn, -!]pi:i:s, &c. may be* seized;

proof to lie on defendant, oawner.l

above 8 rtonc, in pofltfibn of a diiiiller shall be for-so’ted and 20).

twenty pounds.

LI. And be it enacted, That no difliller shall brew small-beer DifliHm or ale for sale; and it shall he lawful for any officer of excise, to beer or ale; charge all malt liquors in the possession of any difliller as pot-ale or wash, for the purpose of diddling; and in case any such dif- as Pot alc or tiller shall neglect to declare such fniall-beer or ale as pot-ale, then diiiiliers who and in such case, such difliller shall be subject to the several penal- Seehfe friall-VOL. XVIII. 3 E ties beer or »lc.

2oa thtrty-seventh If'ear of George III.

A.D.

ties to which (Millers ate liable for miking a fodrt declaration or

1797- conceahnent of wash.

bll. And be it enacted, Thit every distiller, Hull, Oh any visit

jtiatl be Cub- made by any officer of excise supply every such officer on demand,

tie!Ibrcon-" with lights sufficient for the purpofs of searching and gauging all

' "tr^alty ^1C ^oc'c on belonging to such distilicr, as well by day as

foriiegle&tng by night, on pain of forfeiting for every such neglodt, the sum to furnish - r

officers with of five pounds.

'ifc

LIII. And be it enacted, That it lli.ill he lawful for any officer Officets to

visit sugar^ of excise, to visit in the day time, the sugar-houses belonging to

take account any sugar-baker, and there to take an account of all sugar wadi,

todurgcib- and upon any dccrease afterwards found therein, such sugar-baker

gar bakers shall be charged by such officer with, and shall pay the duty

with decrease, ° 1

unless sold to payable upon wafit of molaffies by distillers of spirits, unless the

IblenT*IJ I" fame fottM 1* found to have been fold and delivered to a licensed

distilicr.

Wallt found

LIV. And be it enacted, That all sugar waih, found at any kers and not sugar-bakers within twenty-four hours after it shall be taken from beforfdted*11 ^ie cittern, and not declared to the officer of excise, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

Concealed

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer aic!'nnd v°f- of excise, who shall find any wash or pot-ale concealed in any oI'iicu'toJ*’ P^ace> not being the property of, nor claimed by a licensed distiller, diiiiiicr, may to fell the vessels containing such walli to any licensed distiller, by a'licensed together with the said walh, provided such !wash shall fell for a fbaifpay Fur f'im etlua* to ^ie duty chargeable thereon, otherwise such waffi chalk money shall be spilled, and in case such 'waih shall be fold, the purchaser coiiettor.10 thereof shall pay the collector of the distriift 'Where such distiller shall refitle, excise for the fame, in like manner as for any other part of his (lock, together with the purchase money thereof.

Perrom

LVI. And be it enacted, That every unlicensed distiller, and lkenitd itilis" cvcl7 Pel'son) except a brazier, having an unlicensed Hill in his and periims. possession, and every retailer of, or dealer in spirits for Tale, or more ihan other person not having-a license to keep a Hill, in whose cuf-]ipfrit"whh- tody shall be found any quantity of spirits exceeding four-gallons, out a permit, except spirits for which a permit shall be produced, or in whose

or who have 11 1 A > c

Vvfleis for custody, house, offices, or tenements, any veuels for making Jpmts, riofftaiTbc or any waih, pot-ale, or low wines, or Anglings shall be found, 10 P- shall be deemed a.person making use of such vessels, or concealing such spirits, waih, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, and shall be subject to the respective penalties to 'which distillers are liable for using private vessels for -makingispirits, or for concealing spirits, "wash, pot-ale, low wines or-singlings, and -all such vessels and 2 -spirits,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 203

spirits, wash, pot-ale, low wines, ami Anglings, XTaall be forfeited A.D. and seized. 1707.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any com- Chap, t 6. midioner of excise, or any collector of excise within his dill rift, t-^-v——) upon application for tint purpose, to grant without any fee, a be L licenl'e to any chymist, ‘apothecary or druggifl, to keep or make use of one or uiorc dill or Hills, of such dimensions, and no other, s;wttic;aric, as shall be specified in fuel) lieenfe, for diddling medicinal, com- dut'lluTe!’’ pound or cordial waters only, which licenl'e shall be of force until ^Jia^on the twenty-ninth day of September following; provided that be- iheir entering fore any such lieenfe shall be granted, every chymist, apothecary condithned and druggifl:, applying for the fame, shall, previous to the issuing a’lKran-thereof, enter into a bond to his Majesty, with one or more surety or sureties, in the sum of one hundred pounds conditioned that he or she shall not distill or fell any spirits whatsoever, (other than and except medicinal, compound, and cordial waters), nor lend or let out any such dill to any person whatsoever, and in case the condition of any inch bond shall at any time be broken, the licenl’e granted thereupon shall, immediately alter judgment had,

be null and void.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the com- Licensa

missioners of excise, or any three or more of them, to grant li-cenfes to Inch persons as they shall think proper, to keep and make use of one or more still or flills, black-pot, or black-pots, at their dues, txperi-discretion, not exceeding twelve gallons content each, for the dif- mtm>’ C' tilling of medicinal waters, and for making experiments and difeo-veries in natural philosophy; and every still which shall be found unlicensed in the possession of any chymist, apothecary or druggist, or other l’"

person, for which such lieenfe as aforesaid, shall not be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief Comm:(n‘

oners may li-

commissioners of his Majesty s revenue, or any three of them, under confe Hills of their hands and seals, to grant licenses to persons to keep (kills of any content, for the purpose of compounding cordial waters, and preparations, extracting chymical preparations for medicinal purposes, under such restrictions, as to them shall seem meet: provided always, That it andmayivith-shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three of them, drAW !hein' to withdraw such lieenfe, whenever they shall see cause for /o doing.

LX. And be it enacted, That if any distiller of spirits, his wife, -0l. penalty

or his or her servant, shall refuse, or not suffer any officer of ex-

cife 10 enter into his or her house, out-house, (lore, or other place in As P«-

’ ' . formance of

] t 2 whatsoever, his duty.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A. I), vintsoever, where any part of the business of distilling is carried ' ci), or where any spirits are kept, or if any such officer having en-

tered, shall not he permitted to remain therein, to gauge the vessels, and take an account of flock of such distiller, or of any liquor or ingredients tifed, or ready to he used, in distilling, or to see the whole distilling completely finished, and to take an account of the liquors distilled, or in the process of distilling, every such dittiiier Uiall for every such offence respectively, forfeit the linn of thirty pounds.

LXI. And whereas distillers of spirits frequently make life ol places adjoining their own houses or distilleries, for the purpose of clandestinely brewing, distilling, or concealing their wash, singlings, Occupiers ,0r spirits, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if the owner or

of houses ml- 1

joining diilil--occupier of any liouie, llore, or other place adjoining to, or in the rait'oltosin neighbourhood of the dwelling-house or distillery of any distiller of the day, spirits, or of any servant of the owner or occupier of any such honfe or place, shall not on demand of any officer of excise made in the day-time, admit such officer, or shall not allow him to enter ami search such house, store, or place for liquors or materials for distilling, which any such officer shall have reasonable or probable cause to suspect to he fraudulently concealed therein, such occupier of such house or other place, shall in every such case, forfeit the fuin of fifty pounds.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if no person shall attend or appear in such house, store, or place as aforesaid, to give entrance to such officer, it shall be lawful for such officer and his assistants, in the day-time, in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who is hereby authorised and required to be aiding and affi (ling therein, to break open, enter, and to make search in such house, fto>c, or place, for such liquors as aforesaid, which he or they may have reasonable or probable cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein.

LXIII. Provided always, That if upon search, no such liquor shall be found, such officer or officers shall repair all the damages done, or make reasonable satisfaction for the same to the owner or occupier of the premises.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if the house, (lore, or place broken or forced, shall immediately communicate with any distil-lcry, or any part of the premises thereunto belonging, and the distiller owning such distillery, or the person who shall flievv the flock of such distiller, shall not on demand made, give entrance to any such officer or officers, then, and in every such case, such distiller shall forfeit the futu of fifty pounds.

Where nrt person appear to admit ofti. cer, in the <l.iy, lie may break open, in pre/enccof r. courtage.

And if no

liquor be

‘found, he shall repair damage.

If place broke open communicates with distillery, and distiller rc-fuses entrance, he shall forfeit jol.

LXV.And

91i :veil-

i"S.

not:c:*tooN within ficer,

pciul;v :oT.

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III. 205

LXV. And be it cmfted, Tint no duliUer flvtll deliver, or carry [ A.D. cut any spirit ’. to any person, in calks, or by ike gallon, without 1797* notice lii'lt given to the officer ot cxcilc lor the ple.ee or tlivinoit ‘

Y. here such difliilcr shall live, to the intent that Inch officer may Sni,

he grefent, to fee and gauge fuel; joints. unless from the twenty-

ninth day of September, to the tvemy-flith ci ty rl hi arch, m each; "'a'

veer, between the hours of live of the clock in ific morning and eight t,«.i v ,fr.,:n

it! the evening, and from the iweiv.y-liuh day of March, to the

nine and twentieth dav of September, in each ve.tr, between the 1y,a' -'5

1 ' , M.in:;.. l.t :<j

hours of three in tiic morning, and nir.c in the evening, upon pr.ui, top; Ii.m-mi fiat every difliilcr doing contrary hereunto, shall forfeit fur every cfirnce, the firm of twenty pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That every difliilcr, shall, the said respective hours of each day of the said respective months os in every year, either attend in person, and admit or cause some person to attend, and admit the officers of cxclfc, and tiicir affill- to view ii-ants into their distilleries cr Acres, and permit tiicm to view the riot lUmiueJ fame, and gauge, and to take an account of the liquors contained " J'--1 therein, as often as any of such officers shall attend, and require tUnil kjU-.u to be admitted within the times, and in the manner herein before mentioned, and in case any such officer Ilia! not get admittance after having demanded the fame, and declared his and their name, and hufincfs, and after having waited for the space of an half hour after filth demand made at the gate or door of any difliilcr, through which such officer hath been nfually admitted, Inch distiller shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That every difliller of spirits, or the Sio:kof:,a

wife of such difliller, or person who shall at any time admit, or ihcwn, ami give entrance to any gauger, or oilier o'flicer of ejicife, into the tTrcof'lobe still-house, work hottfe, fiorc, or other part of the premises belong- «iven 10 0®-ing to such difliller, shall shew, or cause to he shewn to such officer p.oalty 50l. or officers, the flock on hand of wnfh, pot-ale, spirits, singlings, or low wines, belonging to such difliller, and give, or cause to be given, a declaration of the fame, that is to lay, that the flock so ihcvvn is all the flock of, or belonging to such difliller, cn pain of fifty pounds, to be forfeited by such difliller for every time lie or flic, or any other pc:ion in his cr her employment, who shall give entrance or adinilfion as herein before mentioned, shall rel’use or omit on demand, to shew, or eiufc to be flievn, such flock, or make flu!’, declaration as atVriaid, and if such officer or officers Anil upon fearer., or dill over any waflt. pol ale, f] if.;?, Anglings,

Vol. XVJJJ,; h or

so6 7/if thirty-seventh Year -of George III.

A.D.

or low wines, of the flock then on hands, in the premises of any

1 797- cliflilli'r, which shall not have been declared, or shewn as aforesaid, t'iat t*lcn fi|Ch wa^h pot-alc, spirits. Anglings, or low wines, i/dCims find shall he forfeited, and such distiller shall forfeit the fuin of twenty ii.l: Siaird ' shillings, for every nine gallons of wadi, or pot-ale, and for every (i;iii'tie'ror' ^Hce KJH°ns Anglings, or low wines -respectively, that shall be f-iiuJ, mJ discovered in the possession of such distiller, over and above the o^r'iltmij ofy quantity so declared or shewn as aforesaid.

v.'.iih, and for I, XVflI. And be it enacted, That as often as the trade of dif-

rtaf t

gallons of tilling shall be exercised or carried on by, or in the name or for l",?I:rfon*S£C* l^e u^e °1 any PtTf°n under the age of twenty-one years, such per-<icr u year, son shall be liable to the payment of all duties of excise, and of all

for whom bu-

finofs is c.ir- penalties and forlcitnres that may be incurred, and become payable by any law relating to the excise, and be subject to such regulati-:i!i.dniie‘ ant ons arid restrictions as fully to all intents and purposes as if such

pi-mmics.

person was adult and of full age.

;ot penalty

LXIX. And be it enacted, That no distiller of spirits, shall have /ire under "nil! or I;eeP or Permit to he kept, any fire under any ftiil in his distillery, between ^io between the hour of ten in the afternoon on any Saturday, and the evening and hour of four in the morning on any Monday, on pain of forfeiting mornimr'<!ay l°r ever)' such offeuce the sum of fifty pounds.

Dillillers to keep minute-

hacks given

to them by officers, to tntcr visits, .^c.

LXX. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall keep in his or her distillery, such minute book as shall be delivered to such distiller, by the surveyor or other officer of excise, which book shall be safely kept by every distiller, and in which such officer or officers shall make true entries of all the times of his or their vififing such distillery, and of all such other particulars relative to the state and condition of such distillery, as he or they shall find necessary and expedient, or as he or they shall be directed by answers to nny supericjr officer, to enter therein; and such distiller shall on the mnsmit such twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, the :c°r°y to"1 ua- twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty fifth day of Decem-~ in°f her, in every year, transmit such book to the office of the examinator c°' orfDubf cxc‘k> 'n ca^e distiller resides in the county, or county of the lin* in other city of Dublin, and in case such distiller resides elsewhere, to thecol-lufloVof'jif- h'dior of the district; and in case any distiller to whom such hook l,:a shall be tendered by any officer of excise, shall refuse to receive the alfn^re-*10 ft111"10' or having received the fame, shall wilfully tear, deface, or reive, use, alter such book, or cause the lame to be torn, defaced or altered, uanfroh such or shall make or cause to be made any entry therein, or in case mimv’r'rc such distiller, or any person employed by him or her, to attend ..wiiiuJ, Hull his or her distillery, shall at any time when required by any officer

The thirty-five mh 'Year of George III. ioj

of excise, refuse to produce such hook, or to deliver the same to A.D. tire officer, for the purposes aforesaid, or finill neglect to transmit 1797. inch hook to the office of the examinator of excise or collector, as Chap. 1 6. aforesaid, that then and in every such case, such difliller shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That no person shall harbour, keep or

conceal, or shall knowingly permit to he harboured, kept or concealed, permiuiiij;

- concealment

Or shall give any aid, aiiiftance, or reward, to any person or persons oi ipiriis,&c.

to harbour, keep or conceal in any house, out-house, turfflack, juct'"'u'^lh

hay-rick, or other place or places whatsoever, any spirits, low

wines, Anglings, walh, or pot-ale, which shall have been unlaw- forfeited.

fully made or distilled, and whereof the duties due and payable

thereon, shall not have been paid or secured according to law; and

if any person shall offend in the premises, then, and in any of the said cases, every such person who shall give assistance to or aid

in any of such concealments, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds;

and all such spirits, low wines, singlings, wash and pot-ale, shall

he forfeited, and may be seized.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That where any still not Iiccnfod

as aforesaid, has been or shall be seized in any county of a city, county or» or county of a town, or the liberties thereunto belonging, the sum where an on-of twenty pounds, shall he recovered from the inhabitants of the l‘"1 parish, or part of the parish or union, or extra-parochial place in seized; such county of a city, or county of a town in which such still has been or shall be seized; and where such still has been or shall bit.-mu of be seized in any county at large, then the sum of ten pounds shall be recovered from the inhabitants of the town, or town- >>»county

», Urge}

land in such county at large, in which such still has been or shall be seized, in the manner herein after mentioned, and such sums, when recovered, shall be applied as herein after mentioned, that is to say, one moiety of all such sums (deducing the cods of of

recovering the fame) as shall be recovered on account of any still seized in the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or county of Dublin, shall be paid to the treasurer of the house of imluflry in Dublin, for the use of the said house, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized such still and one moiety of all sums over and above such costs as aforesaid, which shall be recovered on account of any still seized in any other part of this kingdom, shall be paid to the treafitref of the publick infirmary or hospital for the county in which such full shall he seized, for the use of such infirmary or hospital, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized the same.

7 f 2

I.XXIII. Pro-

2-8 The iblrty-feoenth Year e/" George III.

A.D.

i-XXIII. Provided always, That such fill! shall have been con-xl)~r demited on an information in the excise office of the distri-fl in v- lie'll t!>c fame shall lie seized.

!’ipvii-..l I.XXIV And provided also, That in cases where there fiia'i tr'r-wd it’1' have been any claim, the lime for appealing from any judgment v U-d *e C^IC^ commissioners or fub-commissioners condemning such Ar..i incac flil! shall have clipfed, or the sentence of condemnation lie affirm-Cmc for'.-.?- cd, before any proceedings shall be had for recovery of tile faitl

p-einpfums-or fern-

tifr ttlicrc

I men

Mill oilier . r^niaiiurj.

In v/!m

-.ilc P.idh en:h.\r.e* m.iy t- grant-v.i.

cfT.iiiiimo.i-<rs may c.r.u': persons u be (went of,

imls, ulto dv'llrc u> give

niJeRcc;

if lt.iti.1 U

pr.iit fcj to (iWkA in libiunis to

line', Ci-rii f.carcs rtt.t’l lut be given.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That (lie said commissioners, or fub-commissioners of the district in which such dill shall be condemned, shall give a certificate, Petting forth the particular city, town, or county, and parish or union, or part of a parish or union, extra parochial, place or liberty, town, or tovrn-land, where such fiill was seized, and the name of the person who seized the fame, and that fitch flil! hath been so condemned pursuant to law, and at what time the fime had been condemned, and whether such fiill had been claimed by any person or persons, and if so claimed, whether any appeal had been brought against such condemnation, and if such appeal shall have been brought, whether the sentence of condemnation had been affirmed.

LXXVI. Provided always, That no such certificate shall lie granted, unless it 111 a 11 have been proved on the hearing or trial of the information on which such condemnation was had, that eight days previous to Inch hearing or trial, notice of the time and place of such hearing oi trial, was polled on the church of the parish, or union, in which such dill shall be seized; or if seized in any place not within a parish or union, or any place where there shall not he a parish church, that such notice was left at the dwelling-house of two inhabitants of such place, not being revenue officers, which notice shall also specify the time and place of the seizure of the dill therein mentioned; and the chief commissioners, and fub-commissioners respectively, who shall hear or try such information, UmII cause any person or persons who shall desire the same to he (worn, to give true evidence on such hearing or trill; and if it shall appear that any fraud or coliufion was pracUfed lor the purpose of unfairly subjeiling the inhabitants of any parish or union, part of a parish, or union, extra-parochial, or oilier place, or of any town, or town-land, to the sums by this act to be raised for the Hill seized therein, then and in such case, no such certificate shall be given.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said respective fiuns shall be lued loi and recovered in the name c-f such person, as

fl.all

i r.,.-ii

ill .11

I . i.-.-J i.v;

The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

shall Ale for the fame, by civil bill, expressing particularly the cause of action, and that the fame is founded on this act of parliament, and the place where the unlicensed /till was seized, and to be brought again/! any three inhabitants of, or occupiers of land in the parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place or town-land, in which such (till hath been, or shall be seized, and in the Anne manner, as any debt or demand of the fame amount may be sued for and recovered by civil bill; provided that no appeal shall he brought irom any decree, on any such civil bill, lllllcfs the same shall be brought before the holding of the next enftiing affixes, or feifioils of the peace, as the cale may be.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid certificate of condemnation of any such dill, shall be fu/licient evidence to entitle the plaintiff in such civil bill, to sue for and recover the sum for which such civil bill shall be brought, pursuant to this act; and Inch plaintiff shall thereupon obtain a decree for the fame, with the colls allowed by law in such cases, against such inhabitants or occupiers as aforesaid, unlcTs it shall be proved on behalf of such inhabitants or occupiers, that fraud or collusion was prac-til’cd by the person who seized such dill, for the purpose of fub-jesting the inhabitants or occupiers ofiunds in the parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place or town, or town-land to such penalty.

LXXIX. Provided always, That if the judge or assistant bar-rifter, who shall try such civil bill, shall find it necessiry to im-pannd a jury to try the fast of collusion, no inhabitant or occupier «f land in the parish, or part of the parish or union, or extra-parochial place, or of the town or town-land in which such fiill shall have been seized, shall be capable of serving as a juror, on any jury so impamiclled.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That if the defendants in such civil bill, or any of them, shall pay the Ann decreed thereon, or if such sum shall be levied by virtue of any decree on such civil bill, the plaintiff therein, shall, if required by the defendants, or the defendant, who shall have paid such sum, or from whom the same shall have been levied, give such defendants or defendant, a receipt upon the back of such decree, for the Aim so paid or levied, and upon such defendants or defendant depositing the fame with the treasurer of the city, town, or county, in which the parish or union, part of a parish nr union, extrs-parocliial, or other place, town or town-land, shall lie, in which liich dill shall have been seized, such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required immediately after the next following Easter or Michaelmas term, if such parish

209 A.D.

1797-Chap. (6.

appeal hrfou

|!» \t

Or I Jiiuiiv.

Cerfli-c / of corJem-

nation Hull be tutficient nvider.ee to iun fjr such sums, and plaintiff shall obtain a decree, urleis cciiufhn improved.

Ifjvdgc finds i: mxcffary to cm-pnr.m-i j./iy, n<) inii bhaiit of fljace v/aere seizure was made, shall be a juror.

(Receipts to be ^iven by plaintiffs* if required, which dial] be depoCted with treasurer, who dial) issue warrant to collect so much as v/aj paid, and

pouiid tge.

or

2io Tk ihlrtj-seventh Year of George III.

A. 33. or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land, shall 797* he fnuated in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, or if in any other part of this kingdom, immediately after the next following affixes, to issue his warrant to such person as shall then be.empowered to collect any monies presented by the grand jury -of the county of a city, county of a town, or county at large, of the place where such still shall have been seized, authorising such collcdor to collect, and levy from the inhabitants or land-holders of the parish or union, or part of a parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, town, or town-land, in which such Aill shall have been seized, the sum appearing by such decree and receipt to have been decreed and paid, or levied together with such poundage or receivers fees for his own use as such collector is entitled to on collecting any other public money, in the same manner as if such sum had been presented by the grand jury of the county, and such collector shall have the fame power to proceed in the applotinent of such sum on the inhabitants or land-holders of the parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, town, or town-land j and to levy the same in the same manner as any Coi'i-ilors money presented by the grand jury of the county, and every such acroui’ aWe collector shall lie accountable for the lame, in the same manner

for fuc.ilum',

as for any public money for which he may be accountable, and treasurer to fu-h trcufurer shall pay the money so levied to the defendants or pay r.uipjj to defendant in the civil bill, who shall have paid the money decreed

defcmmnta. . 1 . J

thereon, or from whom the same shall have been levied; and such treasurer shall be liable and comp.'liable to pay the same in the same manner as any public money presented to be paid to any person or persons.

LXXXI. And in order to reimbursed the several inhabitants or land-holders from whom any money shall have been raisetl by virtue of fitch warrant from any treasurer as aforesaid, the money Inhabitants puitl by them respectively; be it enacted, That it shall anti may 5 foms1"'1 'avv*'u' for every inhabitant and land-holder who shall have paid may foe any such money, at any time within three years from the time of 3 collcding the fame, to sue by civil bill, the person who was the ycai-s. owner of the Hill, on account of which such money was so levied, or in whole tenement the fame was seized for the money paid by them respectively on account thereof; and every such inhabitant or land-holder, shall recover and levy the same., in the same manner as any debt or demand recoverable by civil bill, may be recovered and levied.

All fines

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the -S.-C nnicr this gnes penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than, and

ait. - xcept

oii’.mvifc.pro- except

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III. 211

except inch as are by this act otherwise provided for, shall and A.D. may be filed for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner 1797-and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are preferred, dlreded, and appointed, in and st

by an act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth Ciu. i.mf and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the df second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or nets impofi upon his Mojcfy, his heirs andftcccjfirs, according to the book of rates therein infrled, or by any other law or laws relative to his Mafjlys revenue of excise, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and rc-enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parlies who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

LXXXIII. And be it erjaded. That this act shall continue to f ’* he of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand June, 179&* seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to enable ike Lords Conmijftcners of his Majesty s Treaft/iy to condncl the working of a Gold Mine in the County of JFicklow, and for fee tiring the Profits thereof.

WHEREAS a gold mine hath been discovered in the lands of BalUnvally, Expired.

Monevteigc, part of Kilpipe, called Coolbawn, and other lands in the county of Wicklow', and is supposed to extend into the county of "Wexford, and a sum of one thousand pounds Staving been granted'by parliament to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, towards making an experiment for working the said mine, the said commissioners caused the said mine to be worked, and a quantity of gold hath been found therein, and collected, and the said mine is likely to be productive of profit, and it is necessary to put the conduct of the working of the said mine under proper direction, and to.secure the profits thereof therefore be it enacted by the King’s mud excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and eonfont o the lords spiritual and temporal, ami commons in this preterit parliament alternated, and by the authority of the same, That the commissioners for the time being, for executing the office of lord high-treasurer of this kingdom, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, with the ^probation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, ih\H and may cause the said mineto be worked in such manner as shall appear to be most proper and beneficial, and with the like approbation employ overseers for the connect and management of the working of the said mine, and employ such other persons in the wori-ving thereof as they shall think fit.

1 G 3.

11. And

The thlrty-fcvmtk Year of George III.

II. And be it enacted, That every person employed by the find comniiHioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, in overseeing, managing, and conducting the working of the said mine* shall give such security by bond to his Majesty as shall be approved of by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in such funi as the said commissioners shall think proper 5 conditioned that such overseed, manager, or conductor shall faithfully execute the trull reposed in him, nnd,strom time to time, when required by the faiu commissioners, or any three or more* of them, duly account for a)', gold which shall be found in the said mine, and all sums of money expended in the managing and working thereof; and that such overseer, manager, and conductor, shall duly pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, all monies which shall be in his hands, and deliver into the hands of the said commissioners all gold raised out of the said mine, which shall be unfold.

III. And be it enacted, That every person employed in the conduit, management, and working of the said mins, shall, before he shall act therein, take and subscribe an oath, in writing, to the following effect:

I A. 13. do fifemnlyfivear, that from the time I shall be employed in the conduct, management, or working of the gold mbit' in the county of Wicklow, or any branch thereof I will not /arete, embezzle, conceal, or dispose of any of the gold which shall be discovered or found therein, nor will I knowingly fujfer any other person so to do , and if any person, to «y knowledge or belitfshall f Crete, embezzle, conceal, or dispose of any of the said gold, I will forthwith give notice thereof together with the cause of my knowledge, or belief to the tiers fir executing the office of the lord high treasurer, or to the officers or overfcc-'s of the said mine; and Id) swear that I will faithfully deliver all gold which I shallfi:.J b: the f iid wine, to the (fibers or overseers thereof at the /(.id mine.

So help we CcJ.

Which c.:th the commissioners, for the time being, for executing the office of lord hi.h treasurer, or any one or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, for the time being, or any of his Majesty's justices of the peace are hereby authorized to admiiiilter.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall have taken the said oath, shall be guilty of any breach thereof, every such person being convicted thereof by due course of law, shall suffer such punishment as periods convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any law to fuller; and shall also suffer such other pu-nishment as by law he may be subject to in respect of dealing, ferreting, embezzling, or disposing of the said gold, as the property of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the use of the publick.

V. And be it enacted, That the commissioners lor executing the office cf lord high treasurer, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer of this kingdom, for the time being, be, and they or lie are or is hereby authorized to cause to be sold so much of the gold raised, or to be raised out of the said mine as they or he shall think proper, and that the Tales thereof shall be on the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, under the direction of his excellency the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, to apply any further sum or sums arising from the sale of the said gold, not exceeding in the whole one thousand pounds, in continuing the working of the said mini, and making further experiments therein for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of

I March,

The thirty-feveuth Year of George III. 213

March, one thousand seven hundred and and ninety seven, to the twenty-fifth day A.D. of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: provided always, That 1797,

the charge or expence for superintendance or management, shall not exceed ten *—

pounds fur centum.

VII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the produce of the said gold, arising from the sale thereof, shall amount to the further sum of one thousand pounds, then the f.iid sum of one thousand pounds shall be paid -into the receipt of his I\Ia-jesty’s exchequer, for the support of his Majesty's government/as a reimburse-ment to the publick of the like sum so granted as aforesaid.

And be it enacted, That so often as any sum shall be in the hands of the person or persons managing the said mine, exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, such sum shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to be kept apart, and to be d fposed of as parliament shall direfr.

IX. And be it enacted, 'Hiat the said sum of one thousand pounds, so granted as aforesaid, for working the said mine, and the further sum of one thousand pounds by this act authorized to be expended therein, and the quantity and produce of the gold found and disposed of as aforesaid, shall be duly accounted for before the conmiissioners of imprtft accounts, and the accounts for the fame, limit end on die twcr.ty-fif:h of March, one thousand seven hundred and wnav-f ' cn, and twenty-fifth of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; faring to all perloit and persons bodies politick and corporate, and their respectvc hcm» successors, executors, and administrators, all such right, title, estate, and interest* and all remedy for recovering thereof, both at law and in equity, as they or any oi them had or ought to have had, ns fully to all intents and purposes, as if this a A had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwhLIhnding.

CHAP. XVIII.

Jin AlI to prevent EucHons upon the Sale of Salt.

[Preamble.]

\\ JI-3EREAS it is necessary for the benefit of the poor, to pre-

W vent exactions upon the saie of salt in this kingdom, and to have the rates and prices thereof ascertained; be it cnaGcd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and cen-sent of the lords fpilitual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whe lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of Dublin, iiic lord shall and may, and are hereby required, in the court of aldermen, within the city of Dublin, on or before the first day of May, in *ay the year of our lord, one thousand fcveil hundred and ninety-rates and seven, set, ascertain, and publish in writing, and in the publick uX newspapers, certain reasonable rates and prices upon all salt of every ,i'1 > kind and denomination, to be sold or exposed to lale after the said first day of May, in the city of Dublin, or within the liberties or precincts thereof; and that the justices of peace for the several ^""r counties within the kingdom of Ireland, shall and may (and are Vol. XVIII. 3 II hereby XV X "

kingdom;

0

and may at. ter and cm*, rest the rates,

which fiia’I be ohfenred by all persons idling salt;

tot. penalty on persons who rei'jfj to fell at such rates, or imprisonment until they pay }

i moiety to poor, and the other to in-former.

No person imcrctle.l in the manufac curt or tale of fair Dull a Cl

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

hereby required on or before the fil'd day of June, in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fcren, at the respective quarter sessions, or at the quarter sessions to be next held after the passing of this a cl,) let, ascertain, and duly publish in writing, in the manner and place most convenient for the publick, certain reasonable rates and prices upon all salt to be sold or expos-cdtofale after the said fird day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or after the date of the said quarter sessions within the said counties; and that the lord mayor of Dublin, and the court of aldermen, in the court of aldermen, and that the said justices of the peace of the respective counties, at the respective quarter sessions thereafter held, shall and may, and are hereby required, from time to time, if necessiry, by writing duly made and published as aforesaid, alter and correct the rates and prices of all salt to be sold or exposed to fide in the said respective places; which rates and prices which shall he so let and ascertained, or altered and corrected, are hereby enacted and required to be observed and received by all and every person or persons felling or cxpoling to sale any salt within the kingdom of Ireland; and if any person or persons shall fell any salt at any higher price or rate, or refuse to fell any salt at the prices and rates so fixed as aforesaid, such person or persons so offending, shall, for every Inch offence, forfeit and pay the lit in of ten pounds fleriing, to he levied out of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders by distress and I'ale thereof, by warrant under the hand and I'cal of the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or of any jttllice or justices of the peace for the place or places wherein such offence shall he committed, or distress shall he to be made; and in default of sufficient distress for the fame, it shall and may he lawful by warrant under the hand and seal from the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or from any justice of the peace as aforesaid, to imprison the said offender or offenders, until fitch offender or offenders shall pay the said sum of ten pounds sterling, one moiety of which film of ten pounds is hereby enabled to be paid to the use of the poor in the parish in which the said offence shall have been committed, and the other moiety thereof to be paid to such person or persons as shall inform and prosecute for the lame, before the said lord mayor of Dublin, or the said respective justices as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That no proprietor or owner of salt works, no maker, refiner, or importer of salt, no dealer in salt whatsoever, or person having any intcrcfl: in, or any rent, profit, or benefit re-

served

Ths thiriy-seventh Year of George III. 215

served upon issuing out of, or any ways arising by any salt-works, A.D. store-houses, or other places made use of by any maker, refiner, 1797-importer, or wholesale dealer in salt, shall ad as a justice of the 'of'ffff peace in setting or ascertaining the rates or prices of salt, according to this aff, or in any matter or thing relating to this act, or any offence committed against the same.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws now in Force, relating to the Militia of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS several amendments and alterations are neccdary to be made in the laws relating to the militia of this kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, Iiv and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, That a general meet- Ocnerat ing of the governors, and deputy-governors of every county, or m-c.-iingsof county of a town, or city, of this kingdom, shall be held within -o l,c held ten days after the passing of this act, and that lit stich meeting, the governors, or deputy-governors, cr the majority of them, shall ^'"8 JJjRj divide their county into such sub-divisions as they shall judge moll ing cguiuwi; convenient, for effectually carrying the militia laws into execution, if it shall not have been theretofore divided for that purpose, or if it Utah have been theretofore so divided, that it shall and may be lav,-fid for such governors and deputy-governors, or the majority of them, 10 alter or change the sub-divisions before made, as they may think proper; and at such lirft meeting, the said governors, 0,.crnorsai and deputy-governors, or the majority of them shall appoint a M meeting convenient place, and time, not more diflint than fourteen £b°5S»Mi days, orfooner than eight days, for a meeting in every fitbdivilion, and they shall also issue their commands in writing to the several raands to high or chief constables, or where there shall not he a high or chief- b!5s| pc"re! constable, to some other peace officer, or to the collector of the "JSkaorsof public!; cess in each barony, or in the county of a town, or city, erfs,who Hull requiring each of them to issue an order, under his hand, to all 10conllab!cs constables, or other officers of every parish or place within his tlif- make trift, to make out fair and true lifts of ali male persons usually, or am Hits of at the time, resident or dwelling within such parillt or place, between md tween the age of eighteen and forty-live years, distinguislung the 45 ;'Mr5’ ic' profession, trade, or occupation of each; and when the true name of any such person cannot be procured, letting down his common 3 H 2 appellation,

216

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

appellation, which shall he fuflitient, anti also distingui filing such ! 7')~- as labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from Chap. 19. serv;nga8 militia-men; and to return the same to the meeting, ap-returns 10 be pointedasaforesaid,tobe held in thefub-division where such parish or oath!' place is situated respectively, verifying upon oath, at the foot thereof, that he has formed the said lift or lifts, fairly, honestly, and impartially, without favour, affection, or malice towards any person, and that he had tiled his bed endeavours to discover the names of all the male inhabitants of the pariflt or distfidt for which he has made a return, and that the name of every person whom he discovered to be dwelling, or rclident within such parish or place, and who is liable and required by law to be inserted therein, is inserted therein.

Where such general meeting have not been held, clerks of peace shall make divi-iions, and appoint tub-di-vifionnl meetings, Sic.

Hlgb-con-llables or col-Ictflors shall appoint constables for purpufes of this nfl.

Vs here there are not any, or where they refuse, &c.

Duty of governors, ami deputy* governors, at Jtih divisional

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any county, count)' of a town or city, such general meeting shall not be held within the time aforesaid, the clerk of the peace for ever)' such county, shall, within six days after the expiration of such time, make divisions of the county, if not already divided, appoint times and places for fith-divisional meetings, and ifllie orders for making out, and returning lifts in manner aforesaid, every which division, appointment, or order, shall be as valid to all intents am! purposes, as it it had been made at a general meeting, held within the time prescribed by this act, as aforesaid.

Ill And provided also, and be it enacted, That if in any parish or place, there fltai 1 be no constable, or other officer, or such other officer shall refuse to receive or obey the order which shall be given to him as aforesaid, to make out the lifts, the chief or high-constable, or other peace officer, or collector, receiving the command, as aforesaid, shall appoint a fit and proper person to act as constable therein, for the purpose of executing this act, and no other.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the governors, and deputy-governors, at each ftib-divisional meeting, appointed as aforesaid, shall, immediately proceed thereat, to enquire into the fitness

meetings; forservice, of all persons named in the lifts returned to them, and select their names, and hear such objections as shall be made on the part of such as they shall so select, and in making such enquiry and selection, it shall be lawful to and for such governors, and de-theymay ex-puty-governors, to examine upon oath, which oaths, as also the oath','UpDI' oath to ',e taI:cn fi)’ the person making the return, they, or any of j them are hereby required and empowered to admiililter; and when place to be such lifts shall be so prepared by such enquiry, and selection, they appeal!'4 fcr aPP°!llt :l day and place for their next meeting, to receive ap-i peals,

JVrfuns pr^lilling at tua Jivilbnal in; Ctili^a, to

r-(ii'nittc ip.

|-i:!i.ir5, or

X '.lUTS, 0 1

lit:ll strike out, or i»lcrt

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. -17

peals, such meeting to be held at a day not more difl.int than A. )>. ten, or former than six days, and the clerk of the meeting Hull 1»/ ’

forthwith deliver copies of the litis lb made, respectively, to the __________I'

several constables, or other perfotts, who relpcdivvly returned the

general lifts, to be by them affixed without deliy on the outlidc at ci.-ini-rcci'icj

the door of every church, and other place of divine worship, in lL;,

the pariflt or place for v! ;eh laid lill was made, or at the ulttal

place or places therein for polling n ilices within such parish or dii- iimn-li tin.

trid, specifying at the foot thereof, the day and place appointed

for the next meeting, and that all persons who think themselves

aggrieved, hv the insertion of their names, or by the oiniflion ot

the names of others in such lifo, may then appeal, and that no

appeal will he afterwards received.

V. And be it further enacted, That at every fub-division meeting, for hearing appeals, the persons prefiJing shall cntpiire upon oath into the allegations of every person, who shall appear personally to support his appeal, or on while behalf, if he be lick, or ablcnr, an appeal shall be brought, which oath they or any of them are hereby empowered to administer, an 1 they 111 ill strike out of the lift every person who shall appear to them, to be unfit to serve, or ac-to be legally exempted from serving, and they shall likewise insert n ’’ in such lift, the name of any person who it shall appear to them ought to be inferred therein, and shall have been omitted, and they shall appoint a meeting to be held within ten days, and not sooner than eight days, for the purpose of cLiofing, by ballot, the number of persons to be furnished from fu fub-division to the militia,

ami they shall forthwith return to the clerk of the general meeting, tod.-rkoi a certificate, under their hands, of the number of men contained in the lift, of every parish, or place, after every such amendment clcrt: thereof, for the life of the general meeting, and they shall likewise Lul lie refold to the clerk of the peace, a full and accurate copy of every cor<ls-such amended lift, under their hands and seals, countersigned by the clerk of the meeting, to be by him filed, and kept among the records of the county, which copy shall be of equal authenticity for every lawful purpose, respecting the militia, and of all proceedings and acts to he done under this, or any ad, for railing, embodying, or regulating, or otlicnvife respecting the militia, as the original, in case the orginal shall be loft, effaced or mi/laid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a general meeting of the Gmcrai governors, and deputy-governors, of every county, respectively, shall lielummoned by the clerk of the general meetings, immedi- c<b lorappor-

tioning itib-

ately on In:

Vol. XVIII.

receiving such certificates, or any of them, to be held divisional

1

within Zi?£-

2x8 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

within seven days thereafter, and not sooner than foiir days, for 1797* the purpose, apportioning the number of the militia-men, to he raised on the several fub-divisions, parishes, or places, and the vcinufj do persons who shall prefnle at such meeting, or in case no fu:li per-

cb.kuf fons shall appear to preside there, the clerk of the peace, or in his

peace, or absence the clerk of such general meeting, shall appoint tvhat num-

clcirxolgc- ° j r

m r,' nicit- her of men shall lie the quota or proportion for each parish, or "Z!P" place, to furnish or keep supplied to tin-militia of the county, ap-

for each part,

As herein, ui which notice shall be lent to fub-divi* /ional clerks, who shall enter and file ftmc, a»,f fend c<yics to clerks of peace.

Commanding oiiicers to furnish accounts of names ol pci-.fons urving, and jor ulut places, when acquired by dc:ks of peace, who Hull give copies to clerks of general

meetings.

portioning the whole number of the militia, non-comtniflioued officers, and drummers included, as nearly as may be, to the numbers contained in the certified lifts of each parish or place, and the clerk of such meeting shall forthwith give notice thereof to the several fub-divisional clerks, who shall enter and file the fame, for the life of their respective fub-divisions, and he shall also give a copy thereof, signed by himself, to the clerk of the peace, to he by him filed, and kept among the records of said county.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every commanding officer of a regiment, or battalion of militia, shall, within twenty-one days after the passing of this act, or as often as he shall be required so to do, by any deputy-governor, send to the clerk of the peace of the county, county of a town or city, to which his militia belongs, a full and accurate account of the names of all non-commissioned officers, drummers, and privates, serving at the time in his regiment or battalion, specifying the several parishee or places for which each man serves, or is set down to serve, as far as it

has come to his knowledge; a copy of which lift the clerk of the peace shall forthwith deliver to the clerk of the general-meetings, to be by him filed, and preferred for the life of the governor, or de-

puty-governors.

l’crfons

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the persons who shall pre-

i«r'd'o.»n raLe f,lle at 'be general-meeting, which shall be held by virtue of this

rHlf'&cP3" a^’ ^or Purpose of apportioning the militia, or if no governor,

ana a. many or deputy-governor shall appear, the clerk of the peace, or in his

equalVums absence the clerk of the general-meetings, shall set down to the

paid to (lock. of each parish or place, all such men in the said account, as

purfc, purln- 1

ant to 35 g. shall appear , from it, or other sufficient documents, to be serving 3' for the fame, and shall Likewise set down to such credit, the names

of as many other men, contained in said account, as shall he equal to the number of films of six pounds, or ten pounds, which shall appear to have been paid to the stock-purse of the regiment or battalion, by, or on account of such parish or place, pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in this kingdom, in the thirty-

fifth

Mam-.ci nf of

UCTk w.rnii g iihR» by Iw.

The thbiy-seventh Year of George III. 219

fifth yen' of his present Majesty's reign, cntilieil, An act to A.D. explain and amend an act, passed in the thirty-third year if the 1707. reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending, and re- Chap. 19 during into one all of parliament, the laves dating to the militia in '

Ireland.

IK. And be it further enacted, That the remaining men shall be divideJ by lot among the several parishes, and places aforesaid, within the county, county of a town, or city, in manner following, that is to say, the person presiding at inch meeting, or in case none thall appear to preliJe, the clerk of the peace, or it\ his ab-fenee the citric of the general-meetings, shall cause the names of all the men, so remaining in the said lift, after all such credit being given, fairly written on distinct pieces of paper, being as near as may be ail of equal size, am! rolled up in the same manner, lobe put into a box, and they shall also cause the names of the foveral parishes or places, oil which any apportionment shall have hcen made of the number of men to be furnished to the militiai fairly written on distinct pieees of parchment, or paper, being as near as may be all of equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, to be put into another box, and they, or Ire, as the case may be, shall eause one indifferent person, publickly and fairly, to draw a roll out of one box, and one other indifferent person to draw in like manner a roll out of the other box, and the name of the person lb drawn out of the one box, shall be immediately set down to the credit of the parish, or place so drawn out of the other box, and the roll, containing the name of such parish or place, shall be again returned into its box, rolled up in like manner as before, and so the said drawing of the rolls shall be continued, by drawing one out of each box at a time, always shaking each box before each drawing, until all the names contained in the first box shall be completely drawn, and set down to the credit of the parish or place respectively, with which they shall be drawn.

X. Provided always,.That so soon, during such drawing, as there when the shall be set down to the credit altogether of any parish or place,

the full number of the quota it is to furnish, it’s name shall not be drawnyb again put into the box, until the whole of the drawing shall be nm be put in

tiepin.

over. "

XI. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the general- clerk of meetings, shall, at the same time that lie fends notice to any sub- =encrl1

© ’ 7 meetings to

diviflonal clerk of the quota or proportion of men which each pa- find ?. lift of rish or place in his sub-division is to furnish and keep supplied to credit at fame the militia, shall fend a copy of the names of the several men set

/ notice or

down to the credit of each such parish or place, specifying, oppo- tiw.awbe 3 I 2 site

to

lor »l tuh-

d»vifjo-..a

mccii:j>';

form oJ‘ bal-loU;g.

When v.v cancicv Imp* pin, fub-di.

22;o The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

file to each name, die distinct cause of such credit; and every

1797. fub-tlivilional clerk dull, respectively, lay such copy before the Chap. 1 9. fob-divisional meeting which shall next meet for the purpose of '—-v-—-' taking a ballot; and at every such meeting, the perftm or ptrfm.i loi'r!liniioi?Ai prefuling at such fish-tSivifiona! meeting, shall forthwith canto the c,cr!:. . number of men which each pari ii or place shall appear by such copy to be deficient of the quota which laid parish or place ought to furnish, to be forthwith chosen by ballot, in manner iollowin.-, tint is to fjv, the names of all the potions contained in the afore-fiid lift, for such paridi or place, shall be iairly written on diilinu pieces of paper, being as near as may be of equal li/.e, and rc :L.i up in the same manner, and put into a case, or bag, by the

cleric, and thereout the names shall be impart! illy drawn by one of the persons prefiJing. or fonte indifferent person, until the whole number deficient shall be drawn.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any vacancies shall happen in any regiment or battalion of militia, by death, dr-viiionnl meet. fertion or discharge, the clerk of the peace shall within seven days,

ingi limit b ’ . ‘

be iielti, tu after he Dull receive an account thereot, under the hand of tnc whereby officer commanding the regiment or battalion, give notice thereof lul.ot. to t]lc c|cll; of the fub-diviii-jn, in which the parish or place where the person who has occasioned such vacancy shall have been set down to serve for is luuated, and such clerk shall. litinmon a meeting of the lub-tlivilion, to he held within seven days, to provide a man to serve in his room, and a man shall at such meeting he chosen by ballot, to be helJ in manner herein before pre-faibeil.

S,t,.ai,;n.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the persons presidingat b-i.lio b1" cverv fuii-divisional-nieeting for balloting, whether the fame be for '"'t'a 4’ ?J- f«PP')'l»Sany deficiency of men, or filling up any vacancy, shall ter ballot, appoint another meeting of the Tub-division, to be held within k'en and not loouer than four days, and shall cause notice thereof Pt? f . to i’c given to each perfoir drawn by the ballot, requiring him to cause, after appear at such other meeting, and shew cause, if any lie can, why he thonld he excused, or there to enrol himself or produce a Diffident substitute, who Dull -be approved of and enrolled; such notice to be left at ' s place of abode, two days at the lead before the day of his appearance, or in case he shall have no place of abode, or the lame cannot be discovereJ, such notice to be affixed on the door of the church, and other places of divine worship, and in all places where notices are uluatly polled in such district or parish, two days at least, before the day for his appearance; and if he 2 shall

2 Jays 11 lice

manner of giving no-

The ibirtj-seventh Year of George III.

shall not appear, and proof shall be made upon oath of such notice having been given or affixed, and no sufficient caul'e on oath il;nil be given for his not appearing, or if he shall not he cxculed when lie shall I'o appear, or produce a substitute, as aforesaid, he Audi be adjudged liable to serve, and serve accordingly.

XIV. And to prevent the militia service from fuflc.ing by balloted men not appearing, pursuant to notice as aforesaid; lie it enabled, That on the non-appearance of any perfrm drawn by ballot as aforesaid, notice having been given or affixed as aforesaid, and no substitute as aforesaid being produced, the petiou or per-fous preiiding shall immediately proceed to choose another to lerve in his place, and so from time to time oil every day appointed for the appearance of the person fb drawn not appearing, until a sufficient man shall be enrolled.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every person chafen at any time by ballot, as aforesaid, who shall not, as aforesaid, be excused from serving, or produce a substitute, which fub-ffitute shall be approved of, and enrolled, who shall not immediately enrol himself, and join the regiment or battalion, shall be liable to serve, notwithstanding another person may have been chosen ill his room, and it shall be lawful for any magistrate to iffie his warrant for apprehending him, in like manner, and with like authority as for apprehending a deserter, and upon conviction on oath, before any magistrate, that such person was ballotted to serve in the militia, and not cxculed, he shall be fined in the Ann of five pounds, and in case of non-payment thereof, the fame may he levied by distress off his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate, or he may be committed to the common gaol of the county, if he shall be apprehended, there to remain for the space of six months, or until the commanding officer shall desire that he may be sent to the regiment or battalion, and the like reward shall be paid for apprehending him as for apprehending a deserter, and he shall be deemed a deserter, and fufTer as such.

XVI. And be it further cnadetl, That if it shall appear to any justice of the peace, governor, or deputy-governor, that any person, drawn by a ballot, is not a lessee of any land, or lands, in the l'ub-division in which he shall be drawn for years, life, or lives, it shall be lawful for him to issue his warrant for bringing fitch person before him, and to bind him, together with one sufficient surety, in the sum of twenty pounds, for his appearance at the next fub-divisional meeting, and from meeting to meeting, until he shall he

Vol. XVIII. 3 K. discharged

2 2 X

When persons drawn do m>t Appear,

other? :h:i!l be choicii.

Person* chofjn, who do i ce ftp* pear, lh»ll lie It.ibfv tofeuv, and may he Apprehended, and fined yl. a.‘d for Non. piWTicnt may b; committed for 6 months, or until d*. itunded by ojfic-.-rj, and like reward Tor appre-hemling, and to luftVr as dcfvncn.

Persons di.v.vn, n.,t

being icffcei of land, Hull

b" boutiil, w ih fuicty, in 2^1 or tocir r. tines enrt.ilct by cit-rks and p1- fens to be delivered to yiiicers.

222

TVi’fnrs Who I'.iil to auwt.l, and nftcnvauh

cimj.Lnc, shall be cn-rolled, bound and fi id it.re-ty to serve; or lie coin-miued.

Power of governors, am! deputy, governors,

o appoint meetings.

no f.v1 at a

or mv.-ting.

v.tl'd for

W lilt of low.

- Vcllries to h; held lor alfcfling money t<» provide lor deficiencies <r

fill up vacait-.cics.

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III.

tlifclinrged, or enrolled, anil if he fluill refuse to be so bound, or shall neglect to find Inch surety, such justice is hereby required to order the clerk of the fub-division, to enrol his name, and he shall he delivered over, without delay, to the proper officer of the militia, to serve the period of four years, or such further term as a man drawn by ballot shall he bound to serve.

XVII. Provided also, and be it emitted, That if any person so drawn by ballot, and fading to appear, shall afterwards voluntarily appear, at a time when the militia is complete, he Hull be immediately enrolled, and ’flia.ll he hound in the iiim of twenty pounds, and shall find a fulikiciit surety, to be bound in the sum of ten pounds, for his appearance, anil joining the militia whenever there shall he a vacancy, or he shall he required by the commanding officer cr clerk of the sub-division to join, and his time of

service shall commence from the day of his joining; and if he shall so fail to hind himself, or to find such surety, he shall be committed by any magistrate, governor, or deputy governor to the common gaol of the county, there to remain until he shall so bind himself, and find such surety, or until he shall be lent to the regiment or battalion to serve therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any general, or fub-ilivilional meeting shall be omitted to be held, pursuant to the provisions of this att, a meeting may, in lieu thereof, be held at such time or place as shall be appointed for the purpefe, by notice in writing, ligncil by any governor, cr two deputy-governors, and all such meetings, and all meetings of governors, or deputy-governors may adjourn as they find expedient, for the execution of this act, and shall exercise the like powers; and all acts done thereat, shall be deemed as valid to all intents and ptirpolcs, as if done at meetings held in manner, and at the times heretofore respectively enatted; end no att, matter or thing, done at any general, or fub-divisional meetings, or at such adjournment, shall be impeached, or deemed invalid for want of form, in the manner or time of such meeting being held.

XIX. And in order to prevent inconvenience to individuals from balloting, lie it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the inhabitants of any parish, at a vestry held for the purpoi’e, cf which seven days publick notice shall be given, and which vestry, ..every rector, vicar, curate, or church-warden, is hereby required to flint mon at the defile of any two inhaitants, to raiie by alTelf-ment, to be levied on the parish, such films as they shall find ne-cellhry for providing one or more persons to serve in the militia, in the place of thofewhom such parish shall be bound to furnish,

either

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 2 2’

either to make up any deficiency, or to fill up any vacancy; and A.D. to appoint one or more persons to apply such 1'ums in providing '79.'* them, and all such shall be forthwith raised and levied, in like manner, and by all liich means, powers, and authorities, and with all such remedies in case of any refusal or omission to pay the same, as any parish-ccfs may by law be raised and levied.'

XX. And whereas it is provided by the above receited act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, that every vacancy of any person for whom any parish or town-land shall have paid the sum of six pounds, nr on which the fnm of ten pounds shall have been levied for the deficiency of any militia-man, shall be filled at the expence of the llock-purse of the regiment or batta- ' lion, during the time the militia Hull continue embodied; be it enacted, That on the vacancy of any person who shall lie let down Vacuidf. to the credit of any parish or place, on account of Inch parish or jllVtncJ-' place having paid the film of six pounds, or ten pounds in lien of providing him; and also on every vacancy which shall happen by p.iia «.or the death, desertion, or discharge of any person from time to time Si'L'to! enlisted, to fill up such vacancy, until the militia shall be discin-bodied, a proper and sufficient person shall be provided to serve at f';r which tile expence of the (lock purse as aforesaid; and in order to enable !kulcnailt the (lock purse to bear the expence thereof, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to order and directfrom time to time, such sum or films as may appear to him or them necessary for that purpose, oil due enquiry into the management and expenditure of the fiock purse, to be paid thereto by any of the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, or out of any of the aids and supplies which shall be granted to his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and every fnm so paid by any collector, shall be allowed to every such

collector in his accounts.

XXI. And be it further enacted, Tint all constables, and other persons concerned in the execution of this act, shall Tie entitled to, and receive respectively the several sums to which they are by law entitled, or which they miy receive under the provisions of the aforesaid aft, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign; and that if any clerk of the peace, shall, in any county, or county of a town or city, neglect or omit to do any act which by this act he is required to do, no presentment shall be made or ft-.ted at any affixes in such count", county of a town cr city, or at any term, if in the county or city of Dublin, for any money to be paid to him.

3 K 2 XXII. And

Person- concerned in rvecuiion of this nfl, Aril

/{a'iic :‘ift fii.m t!u-y r.re cii.'nled u> \r; h\v, or jiiticr 5> ^-3'

mpr-f :jr« pv-n: for cl.»S of p ";-ze

dt.ly

N-

-Joi.od.

m-Ll dl! -r Iji.'j I f’urlut sol-or Ivcom-n-i'Ucl to for 6 xnosuiis.

Recogni-Kar.ccs to be cntcrci! into by clerks of gen; ml rtncl

payment.

224 The tb:rty-fve:th Year of George III.

A.D.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any constable, or other 1797. officer, Hull neglect or refuse to make, or return the lift or lilts, Chap. 19. Vi.|,j(.j1 |,y t],is a.fi ;iC j],4li be required to do, and be thereof convicted by his own cmifohlon, or on the oath of one credible witness, before any julll.e of the peace, lie shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be levied on his goods and chattels, under the warrant of such justice, or in default thereof, he shall be committed to goal, there to remain for the (pace of six months, or until such sum shall be paid.

XXIII. Ami in order to prevent unnecessary expence in the execution of this act, be it further enacted, That every clerk of a general or iub-divisional -meeting, shall, before he lie entitled to fiib-divisionai receive any payment pursuant to laid recited acts, or either of'

meeting!, ter.

tKrfmnjt.ee them, severally enter into recognizance before a justice of the w'liieh'Vi.iU peace, which recognizance every justice is hereby empowered to to coUcltm ta^e’ ^10 clerk of the general-meeting in the sum of fifty pounds, in order, for' and the clerk of a Iub-divisional meeting in the sum of thirty pounds, conditioned that he shall duly and diligently attend his duty as clerk for one year from the date thereof, and that in every order to the collector of his Majesty's revenue for payment to any clerk, his having entered into such recognizance shall be certified, or such order shall be void and of no effect.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no clerk of any general-meeting shall be entitled to receive, in any one year, more than 'f>steen guineas, nor any clerk of any iub-divisional meeting more than twenty guineas, from the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, for his attendance at meetings, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And in order to make compensation to the clerk of the peace, and the clerk of fub-divisional meetings, for the additional trouble imposed ou them by this act, be it further

prc^ntcilW"1 enacted, That h lb-ill be lawful for all grand juries at affixes, j and for the grand juries of the county and city of Dublin, at i». Hr 1 cry prcl'eming terms, to present to be raised off the county at large, mmauIcTnit’ am' paidt0 'lc c'er’' of the peace, for his trouble in the execution vifimlu'-icrli of ^1C 't'if't'1 haws, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds a year, far nUiiioiijj over and above all other sums which by law they are now em-iliij'aet.UluLr powered to present to be paid to him, and to present to be raif-. cd in like manner, and paid to such clerk of a Iub-divisional meeting, a lum after the rate of six shillings for every one hundred names of persons contained in the amended lift, made under the provisions of this act, for the fiib-divrfion of which he shall be clerk.

No more t!..in 1; gut. ncas in tyie

mgs. or 20 guineas to cleric of liib-cniibna! meetings, shall be paid by Collector;.

XXVI. Ar.d

The thlrtj-seventh Year of George III.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all sums which the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, shall (Jbeil any colk-ftn- of his Majesty's revenue to pay to the colonel, or miior-commandanc of any regiment or battalion of miiitit, for the purpose of re-enlisting militia-men, whole time of service is to expire before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thonfnnd seven hundred and ninety-eight, pursuant to a vote of the house of commons, of the seventh ol February, one thoutaud Ieven hundred and ninety-seven, every such collector is hereby authorized and required to pay; and all sums so paid, shall he allowed to him in his account.

XXVII. And whereas such re-enlisting will save muchcxpence ' and inconvenience to the county, which would otherwise be obliged to provide men to serve in the place of the men so re-enlisting, if their period of service were to be fuflered to expire, and it is therefore just and reasonable that the expence thereof should be reimbursed to his Majesty's revenue by each county 1b benefited; be it further enacted, That the names of the persons who shall have re-enlisted, or shall re-enlist under the provisions of the said vote, with the dates of their re-enlistment, and amount of bounty ' paid to each, shall from time to time be delivered to the several clerks of the crown, by the proper officer of his Majesty's treasury, to be by him laid before the court at the several assizes, and in the county and city of Dublin at the presenting terms, and that each court shall give the fame in charge to the grand jury, to present the films necessary for re-imbursing the expence thereof the same to be raised on the county at large, and paid to the receiver general, which presentment every grand jury is hereby authorized and required to make; and in case the grand jury of any county, county of a town or city, at any a/fizes or presenting term, shall neglect or omit to make such presentment, then, and in such case, the treasurer of such county, county of a town or city, shall, and he is hereby required to add in the warrant which he shall ilfiie to levy the films presented at such assizes, or presenting term, to be raised oft' the county at large, all such films of money as shall be necessary for re-imbursing his Majesty's revenue, as aforeiaiil.

XXVIII. And whereas, contrary to the just and reasonable Intention declared in the fahl aft, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty, that all his Majesty's i'uhjcfts, should contribute equally towards the expence of raising and supporting a militia for the defence of this kingdom, the appointed number have not been

225 A.D.

797-Chap. 19.

Collcfljts to p;ty In mi or Jc'rcJ by I. lieutenant for rc-enUil-ing militiamen, pjrfti-ant to a vote of 7 Feb. »797-

Names of persons who r.-culift, and bou-tty paid

them, shall be dciiu red to clerks of peace, by officers of ticafury, for g. juries to present for reimburse-ments which they Hull do;

if g. juries iH'gled such presentment* for rum-iuiifenienis to revenue co. treasurers Omit add such such sums i-> their rasits lor levying.

Vcr,. XV!II.

raised

AppoW.l numb.T ;u7 no*. Lcen r.vfed in fotne places, nor v.-tcucici filed up in other*:

Chap. 19.

commanding

cIFc.t to fend co t/saltircr an account of nun wanting, anA how long, wi'.h n one month of affixes or prclcnting term, which shall be entered in sche-du!e, &c.

a further ftim of $1 to be

levied for each deficiency for 3 months; on paiilh, or on co at large, in ii -u of 5l. by recited

- att.

Militia- men, and yeomen,who hatte lands where such sum is to be: levied,.shall be exempted, if they deliver rolls mid . certificates, ns herein, to co. trial'uiLis,1 v who shall give copies there-, of with as an ants.

Ii. lieut.

may order volunteers 10 be received, tofcrveuui-

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

raised in some comities, and in others vacancies have not b;cn filled within the time they ought to have been; and by the continuance of such omillions, the strength proposed for the defence of the kingdom, may he rendered uncertain, and become inlullicient; for remedy thereof, be it enacted, That every commanding officer shall and he is hereby required to transmit to the treasurer of his county, some time within one month, previous to each assizes thereof, or if to - the treasurer of the county or city of Dublin, within one month previous to each presenting term, an account signed by himself, of the number of non-commissioned officers and privates wanting to complete his regiment, or battalion, and how.long each vacancy has continued, and for what parish or place, which account the treasurer is to cause to be entered in the schedule of the affidavits, which is by law to be laid before the judge of- assize, and the grand, jury. to ground presentments on, and the said accounts Audi be read aloud! in open court at the assizes, or terms, as the case may be, in pretence' of the grand jury, and the court Hull thereupon dire£b the treasurer, in ilfuing his warrant for.levying- the publick cess todireft a further sum, after the rate-of five pounds for each deficiency or vacancy, which Hi all then appear by the said account to.have continued for three months,1 to be levied off the parish-or place where such deficiency or vacancy 'shall have been, or off the county at . large, as the court shall in its wisdom think proper; such sum,- when levied, to be paid atlcl applied .-as the Jine of five pounds a year, for every private man deficient,1 is by the said recited . aft, to be paid and applied, and to be in lieu of such-fine.

XXIX. Provided always, That no person residing, or having any estate within any such county, county of a city or' town, or any part thereof; in which such sum shall be ordered "to-be levied, who shall be actually serving as ran officet or private in any body of militia, raised in this kingdom, or corps of yeomanry, shall be liable to pay any part or share. of such sum, if he shall have delivered upon oath to the treasurer of the county wherein he shall claim an exemption, a certificate of such his service, and a roll or lift of the lands in his actual occupation at the time, a copy of , which certificate. each treasurer. shall deliver,; together with the warrant, in order that such lands of such person, so certified, may not be assessed for said sum, nor any part thereof, ' be levied off the said lands.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That-in case the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, shall direct the colonel, or other commanding offi-

cer

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 227

ccr of any regiment or battalion of militia, to enrol, and receive A.D. liich volunteers as shall offer to serve during the continuance of 1797-this present war, under the provisions of the faitl receited act, it V^bo" shall be lawful for him to order to be paid out of all or any of in2 tli.-w.i.-, the supplies granted this session of parliament, to such colonel, or men per other commanding officer, a sum after the rate not exceeding three Jt

guineas a man, for every volunteer who ffiaii so enrol himself, a>"" and who shall take the oath herein prescribed, not exceeding thirty men for each company, every which sum shall be applied in bounty to the said volunteers, and shall be duly accounted for.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the collector of his CoL'eflon to Majesty's revenue in the county, county of a town or city, to

which any regiment or battalion belongs, shall pay to the captain, or commanding officer of each company of that regiment or bat- Mch vofcn-talion, the sum of one guinea, over and above such bounty, for the lccr" use of every volunteer who shall so enrol himself.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of any of the One of the oaths prescribed or enacted in the said recited acts, or either of

them, to be taken by any person upon his being enrolled to serve in the militia, one or other of the following oaths shall hereafter oaths, betaken, that is to say, if the person’s time of service be not expired, and he {lull choose to re-enlist as aforesaid, or if he shall enrol himself as a volunteer, under the provisions of this act, for augmenting any company of militia.

I A.B. do fvocar that I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance Oath to be to his Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully re* serve in the militia within the kingdom of Ireland, for the defence of the fame, during the con'inuance of the present war, and for two w.fat . months after it's determination, unless I shall be sooner discharged. S°'

And if he be chosen by ballot, or serve as a substitute, or if he oath of one shall voluntarily offer to serve as a militia man, on the preflrnt baHor" !ur a establishment, and not on any augmentation which may be directed ^‘5.',;""’011 as aforesaid. ctlaUrsment, I 3

I A.B. do swear, that will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his Majesty, King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Ireland, for the defence of the fame, during the term of four years, and forfitch further

time as any war in which this kingdom may be engaged, at the cx-

3 L 2 pirafion

228 The thlriy-sevenih Year of George III.

A.D.

piration of thefold term, may continue, and for two months after the lj<)j. determination of fitch war, unless I be sooner dfcharged.

Chap. i 9.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person Hull

If any por- have taken an oath as a militia man, to the purport or tenor that son IMS taken 1

he will serve during the present war, and for two months after it shall have ceal'ed, or shall have signed any agreement to such purpose, orlhall have acknowledged by signature or otherwise, the receipt of any money for such purpose, such oath or signature of consent, or

V.! 021.1 *«0

fme during thi>\tnr» or fsgned an agreement to such

acknowledged receipt, shall be as valid to all intents and purposes, during the money °such Per‘°^ mentioned therein, as the oath prescribed by this act, or any stall be valid, of the oaths directed in any of the salt] recited acts to be talcm.

AN personss who hdt’C signed any such agreements or receipts, or taken an oath, shall be coiifidertd as militiamen, to all intents and purpose*.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every person having taken an oath, or signed any agreement, or receipt to the foregoing purport, or taken either.of the oaths in this act contained, flaail be deemed and taken to be an enlisted militia man, to all intents and purposes, and shall receive the same pay and he entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations in force, with respect to any persons serving as militia men, and that all and every the rules and regulations, provisions, matters and things contained in any laws in force, for the punishing of mutiny and desertion, shall be applied to, and extend in as full force to any person

so sworn or who shall he enrolled as a militia man, by virtue of this act, as to any person who has been enrolled as' such under the provisions of the fail! recited acts, or either of them; and that no substitute who shall hereafter be enrolled, shall he deemed to be approved of, under this or the said recited acts, so as to discharge the person for whom lie is proposed to serve as a substitute, unless such approbation ilia! be expreded by the commanding officer of 1 the regiment or battalion, or some proper officer by him appointed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all ballots, hereafter to be held forcliooling men to serve in the militia, and all act’cflf-ments to be made in any parish for the purpose of levying money

L h.ia un.l'cr to provide men, shall be held and made under the regulations and U"5l.it. . prov;flons of ti,is pre['Cnt aft, any thing in any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein'contained shall exempt or be construed to exempt any person, who

having been chol'cn by ballot, before the passing of this act, shall have

tVII'i-isor' neglected to be enrolled, orneglcfted or refused to take the oath in jy< v>Ja iub- the said act, passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign,

4 su'd

Approb,'.-

turn of fubtU-totes to be C.Kpressed by commanding officer, or officer by him appointed.

AH ballots and

meats for pur|»o:1*s of militia,.shall

Proviaons of former acts, iflattve to persons

The thirij-sevent h Year of George III. 229

and to serve in the militia, or provide a substitute, who shall be ap- A.D. proved of, and take a substitute's oath, from any penalty to which 1 he may be liable by either of the said acts, on account of such his neglectorrefufal; but that every clause, provision and regulation, herein-in the said recited acts or either of them, respectng Inch periun, not hereby altered, shall continue in force as to him, and hi

797-.

Chap. ip.

ke-vi.e as to

f »rcc ti> tb«m.

all persons who shall be drawn this act

ipd top rli.:s

by ballot, under the authority of > i mj-.r

‘ t. s; ct.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the family of any tvii/.n

militia man, wholhall re-enlist, or shall have re-enliiled, to serve V,’!,

before the expiration of his term of service, and which shall at 1lc

1 ’ t u *|]"iv.incc

the time be entitled to receive the allowance eilahlished by law,.« lira;of such re-enlistment shall be deemed, in rel’ped thereof, only a con- S'tkJf1'1' tinuance of his service, and his family shall continue entitled to, conlinuc.,r

1 ijjey receive

and may receive the same allowance, without any new certificate but'i guimu or document, provided that on such re-en!i!tment he shall not have fJoocoiioaor. received more than one guinea bounty, exclusive of the guinea paid by the collector for him to his captain or the commanding officer of his company.

XXXVIII. And in order to limit the expence of the allowance Noa,lolv to the families of militia men; be it further enacted, That no al- cnccio lowance shall be payable to the family of any militia-man who miliu.i men shall be enrolled after the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand ^Marchf" seven hundred and ninety-seven, except he shall be actually chosen 1797. except by ballot, or shall re-enfift under the provisions of this act, so long as the number of families receiving allowances in the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, exclusive of the families of men drawn by ballot, and of re-enlisted men, shall exceed ten families for each company.

XXXIX. And in order to provide the treasurers of counties Present-with money in advance towards paying the al'owances to the fa-inilies of militia-men, be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for raiftdad*

> vance /or

every grand jury, at any aflrzes, to present such sums to be raised militia men’s in advance, for payment of the families of militia men, as shall Cxc«ding"°8l. appear to them to he necessary, on an estimate thereof to be deli- per company, vered to them by the treasurer, stating each particular of their cx-isling,charge, the same to be raised on the county at large, or on the barony, as the same shall be Hated in such estimate to be chargeable, provided that the whole of the sum, so presented in advance, shall not exceed in any one year a sum after the rate of seventy-eight pounds for each company, of which the militia of such county shall consist.

Vol. XVIJ1. 3 M

2^0 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XL. And whereas it is expedient to remove any doubts which 1797- may avifc, on the construction of the oath prescribed by the said rcc'ltc^ act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty’s

SubstitutM reign, to he taken by a fiibftituie; be it declared and enacted, That fc.vc mote "0 person who has taken the said oath is bound thereby to serve in bymthTn5’ the militia, for more than the term of four years mentioned 33 Geo. 3- therein.

L. lieiit.

XLI. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-third year of Trap'-mT ^l's Molly's reign, it is enacted, That all battalion-companies, con-lieuts, ami i filling of one hundred men, shall have four commissioned oflicers, caciftm. namely, one captain, one lieutenant, and two ensigns; be it enacted com.of ico ],y the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, to appoint to each Inch battalion-company one captain, two lieutenants, and one ensign.

KiU,ire and

XLII. And whereas it may be expedient for the general service

liaiobo11"1' of the militia, that the Kildare and Carlow battalions of militia, augmented to wPJgh now COIlflft of five companies each, should be augmented so

6 companies 1 1

each, when as to confilt of fix companies each; be it enacted by the authority

they have

completed aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or panics to°m" other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, ico c..cii. to augment each of the find Kildare and Carlow battalions of militia with one company each, to confilt of the fame number cf officers and men as the other five companies shall consist, and to appoint inch and so many field officers, in such manner to- such battalions, so to be augmented, as he is by law now authorized to appoint to a battalion confiding of fix companies.

XLIII. Provided always, That the said augmentation shall not take place until the said battalions ffiatl each have completed their five companies to one hundred men each, according to the aug-. mentation authorized to be made by the laws now in force.

Special fef-

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That special sessions of the j!°m "dr pit- Pcacc may be held at any time or times, or notice being given by pof^of the clerk of the peace, at the desire of any governor or deputy governor, by polling the fame on the door-of the court house of the county', (even days at the lead previous to holding the fame, for the purpose of enquiring into and enforcing the execution of the said receited act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, any thing in said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

rty 33 G.

XLV. And whereas by the said recited act passed in the towns, being thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, it is enacted, That in themselvci cities and towns which are counties within themlcives, it shall

2 be

-JIT *0 1

tnc touch, and the wft'.fe shall bu the iiO-'th regiment.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. be lawful for the lord lieutenant or Other chief governor or gover- A.D. nors of this kingdom, for the time being, to direct by proclamation, 1797-as he or they shall think fit, tly.it a separate militia Avail be arrayed and trained within their several preempts or liberties, or that such lord Scot, cities and towns, and their precincts and liberties Jli.ill he united with and made part of the counties to which they art severally "riv

i them:

annexed by the said act: And whereas by the fit it! aft proviiton was made for annexing the county of the town of Drogheda, to Drosli.Li the county of Louth, for the purposes of the said act, and it may co-

tend to the general militia service that such annexation should he hauit'. fnr

° ' purposes

made, and that the Drogheda battalion of militia, confiding of taercof, and three companies, should be joined to and made part of the Louth |MMd;0u battalion of militia, so as that the said Louth battalion should 111 thereby become a regiment, and thenceforward conlift of nine companies: Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the L. heat. lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king- pr';g"mU' dom. for tile time being, to Older and direct in such manner as he

1 o> joined io tnc

or they shall think prtper, that the Drogheda battalion of militia ' -L shall be joined to the Louth battalion, and become part of the Louth regiment of militia, and that from thenceforward every non-commissioned officer, and every private in the said Drogheda battalion,

shall be a non-commissioned officer and private in the Louth regiment, to all intents and purposes of the said act, or any act made to amend the fame, as fully and effectually as any non-commissioned officer or private now serving in the Louth battalion.

XLVI. And belt further enacted, That so soon as the said Dro- Colonel af gheda battalion shall, pursuant to the provisions aforesaid, be joined m°ygra«Ul to the Louth battalion, it shall be lawful for the colonel of the comm*fl:0ov

f to captains,

Louth regiment to gram, and he is hereby required to grant to the lieutenants captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, serving in the said Drogheda 0" oVoX-ch battalion, commissions to serve in the militia for the Louth reei- ,m: 'vll°

" rank iiccoru-

ment, as captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, respectively, and all o»a such captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, shall have rank in I fie said Xk"accwd-regiment, according to the dates of the commissions so granted to them by the colonel thereof, and shall retain their general rank in cvinro-fliar,.. the service according to the dates of the commissions heretofore granted to them, to serve in the Drogheda battalion.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the major commandant of the Drogheda battalion, shall, when said battalion shall become a part of the Louth regiment, continue to and shall be entitled to receive his full pay as a major of militia, so long as the Louth regimen: shall continue embodied, and shall be unattached to any

Mfj.-r com. of Dr giictla bat. uijii

Cjir.iiiuetor-

cci?^ iuif pa}-.

3 M:

2? 2 The ihiy ty-sevent h Year of George III..

A.D.

XLVIIi. And whereas there is one adjutant, one chaplain, one [ 797- surgeon, and one quarter-mailer to the said Drogheda battalion, and all'o one- adjutant, one chaplain, one surgeon, and one quartered!, of Louth mailer to the Louth battalion: be it further enacted, That it coiSnoTu. Audi h* lawful for the colonel of the said Louth battalion, so adfit’Uf0 ^00tl 35 t*lc £h‘06heda battalion shall be joined thereto, chaplains, to appoint to continue in his regiment, either of - the said act-qli?ma'lt-’ - jutants, chaplains, surgeon*, and quarter-masters, and that the a^ju,aut> chaplain, surgeon, and quarter-mailer, who shall not full pay, be continued therein, shall have the like pay during the time a"d fwgeon' the regiment shall be embodied, and that the adjutant and fur-

mtitled to eeon shall be entitled to and receive the like nay or provision ptQviftons.

after it shall cease to he embodied, as their commissions would respectively have entitled them to, if they continued to serve in the militia.

High affeiT.

XLIX. And whereas the assessment upon the lands of the coun-Drogheda for ty of the town of Drogheda, for paying the allowances to the fa-roduia fami- m;|;es of mUitiamen, is extremely high, and much heavier than the like assessment in the county of Louth, or any other part of the kingdom, from the very small propottion of acres within the said county to the number of men serving in the militia thereof, and it is not expedient that such great difference of proportion should continue to be raised on the said lands, after the militia of the said town shall become part of the Louth regiment; be it fur-dl'roMa^'" ther enacted, That.fofoon as the said Drogheda militia shall be- omh " o come a start the Louth regiment, any two or more governors or vernors shall deputy governors shall and may certify to the collector of his Ma-Icflw.qua"1" je^y’s revenue there, once in everyquarter, the amount of all al-fam^pnW io ‘ J°wances payable to the families of militia men at the time, speci-smliiia fami- fying each allowance, and the treasurer of the county shall certify

treasurer shall

underneath how much an assessment of one penny an acre on the id"per ac faitl county of the town will amount to, and the said collector is of co. of hereby required to pay, once in every quarter of a year, to the amount said treasurer, whatever sum the amount of such allowances f! all paydflference excect* the amount of such assessment, every which payment shall to treasurer, be allowed to him in his accounts, on his producing such certificates, and the treasurer’s receipt j and the said treasurer shall duly and without delay apply the money he shall so receive towards all such allowances, and he shall account for the fame in like manner rand under the like regulations, restrictions, and penalties, as he is or shall be required to account for any money raised or assessed upon the said county for the purpose.

The tllrty-seventh Year of George III.

L. Provided always, That if in any year a sum after the rate of four pence by the acre, shall not he rail'd! by act'eft'ment, present-lnent, (r otherwise, for the purpose of paving or reimbursing the payment of fudi allowances, pttvfnant to the laws now in force, the collector Hi all no longer he authorized to pay, nor shall he thereafter pay any money "towards such allowances to the treasurer by virtue of this act.

LI. And whereas by reason of the inaccuracy' of the lifts returned on the former ballot in the county of Dublin, and from the dif-i:c tity of collecting the films of fin pounds, and ten pounds, as directed by the act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Mijetly’s reign, some parishes or distrifls of the said county have been charged with a greater, and some with a lefts number of men than their respective strength ought equitably to have furmihed, and some are in arrear in their respective quotas: be it enacted, That the governors and deputy' governors at any of the general-meetings to be held in pursuance of this, and the said acts, are hereby empowered and required to equalize the said men so erroneously apportioned, and to give credit, and deduct to and from the different parishes or districts, according to the proportion to he ascertained by the allotment to be made in pursuance of this act: and in case it shall appear to the governors and deputy governors of the said county', at any of the said meetings, that any of the said parities or districts have not furnished their respective quotas of men, either by ballot, substitution, payment or aftetTnicnt, that such parities or districts shall be charged with the balance that appears as bona juk due by them respectively, notwithstanding that their quota of men may have been raised otherwise; and that the said governors and deputy governors, and all other persons whatever, shall be, and are hereby veiled with the lame powers and authorities for raising the said men so in arrear, as they arc empowered to raise any other men by virtue, of this and the said recited nets, any thing herein or therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dim

proportionate.

See.

governors

may e^uaUis apportionment,

p.irifl;c« in ar-rrar may be cKa.ged al-tisej-.n tjujti otherwise

Vol. XVIII.

CHAP.

234 The shirtx-sevenih Year of George III. A.D. 1796.

' CHAP. XX.

An Act for making Alb/amccs in certain cases, io Subaltern . OJjicers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

Xsjucd. "tTlf WHEREAS it is expedient to mate Come addition to the pay of certain fu-Iff baltcrn oijicers of the militia forces of this kingdom, who have ferret!

during the present war, after the disembodying of the salt! forces, and tjuving psr.ee, under certain regulations 5 may it therefore plsafc your Majesty, that it may be cn-ailed, and be it*cnafl.ed by the King’s roost excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prdlnt Parliament a (Tomb led, and by the authority of the same, That' from anil after the

disembodybg of the militia forces of this kingdom, certain annual allowances,

over apt* above the pay to which during peace they, are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to fubaltcrn officers of the militia, of the description, to the ampunt, under die restrictions, and in the manner herein after expressed, (that is to say) to every fubaltem of militia,^ who npv bears a commission, is serving, and shall continue faithfully to fervein the fame corps, or who, previous to the expira-t tion of four mouths from the passing of this act, shall be appointed tp a commiilkui, and shall continue faithfully \o serve in thp embodied militia, and in the fame coips, until the disembodving thereof, the following annua! allowances, over and above the pay to which they may be by law entitled during peace, shall be allowed and paid over and above any deduction of any kind, or for any purpose-whatsoever,. (that is to say) to a licuteuaut Uycnty-fiye pounds jVi: einnu{iij and to an.enGgu twenty pounds per annum, in the manner hereimaster mentioned.

I!. Provided always, and be it further cna&cfl, That no person who is, or shall at any time hereafter, become pofloflbd of such an cllate or income as would by . law entitle him to hold a captain’s commission in the militia of a county at large; or who is, cr shall be at any time hereafter appointed adjutant, or battalion clerk, in any regim.cpt ojr battalion of militia, nqr any pc;son deriving in any \y-X wlyatfoeycr, otherwise than as. fubaltcrn of milj.tia, any income, fl,ipend or allowance whatfc-ever, from the pyblieV, oy any pfltf.er on the full or half-pay of the navy, army, or . marines who shall also hold a fubalternVcommission in the militia, shall have, cr . be in any wise entitled to the said annual allowance, or any part or flinre thereof, any tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any. wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further cna£Ud?;That the fubaltcrn officers of militia, who shall: claim under the auilioxity.of this act, to receive either of the said annual allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thcrco, ih

nually take and subscribe an oath, before some one of his Majesty’s, jufliecs of the

( . peace foe the -county, or county of a city, or county of a town, to which such re-

giment or battalion in which they, serve shall. belong, in the »words, or to die

v trflett following:

'2 A.B. do fivnr, that 2 am feraing as a fubaltcrn officer in the regiment or batlrihn f.militia, ami that. I. am net in my cwn right) ori in right of in y cr;/?, nor have been face the difewbedying of the pin regiment or battalion in the ac-hud po!‘e[f:on and enjoyment 'or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, cr hereditaments of such an annua! value, above re-prizes, as would qualify me io hold a captain's csmmfjhn in the militia cf a county at large, that 1 am net, nor have been ftnce the dif.mhdying of said regiment cr battalion, an adjutant or battalion clerk in any regi-t 4 vital

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 235

v:r.t or IrMtdhn of militia, that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have held or enjoyed, nor A.D. dvs, mr has any person fsr me, hold or enjoy, oY held or enjoyed, face the dlfwbsdying *797*

of said refluent or battalion, my office or income whatfu'inr fnm the pidluh, and that Chap* 20. Jam not entitled either to the full crt half say of the navy, army, or i;annesx nor have been face the difanhdying of the said regiment or ludleMon. So help me Cut.

"Which oath so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said jtiftice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and ir.iasmit the same to the collector of excise of the dillricl in which the county, county of a city, or county of a town, to which such regiment or battalion of militia in which such fubaheru oilicer Avail be then serving, shall be situate, to be by him filed r.i'.d pitfeived for the purposes herein after mentioned.

IV\ And be it further enacted, That every fubaltcrn officer of the militia, who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the benefits of tins act, lh:i)l regularly attend the animal exercise and training of the regiment or battalion to which he be-fciigs, during the whole of the twenty-eight days by law required for rlwt purpose, ' and flu!-, during that time punctually do and perform his duty aj a subaltern oilicer of such regiment or battalion, on pain of forfeiting the said annual allow ntice, as well as the rest of his pay, and every part thereof, which may be due for the current year, in which he iha neglect cr refuse to attend* and ccitificatcis of hit; having ' so attended and performed his duty, signed by the commanding c/Iicer of the regiment or battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said commanding oilicer to the collector of excise of the district in which the county, county of a city, or county of a town, to which such regiment or battalion, in which lhch subaltern officer is then serving, shall belong, is situate; to be by the said collector received, precious to any such subaltern officer being entitled to demand cr receive the said annual allowance, or any part thereof; and in case any such fubaheru officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual allowance, shall be by his commanding officer permitted or faf&rcd, for arty speefid cause or unavoidable necessiiy, to be absent during the whole or any part of such annual exercise, in which case it shall be lawful for such-commanding officer to grant such leave of nbfence, and for such subaltern officer who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and icecive the said annual allowance and every part thereof, in like manucr as if lie had attended during the whole of the annual exercise, the reasons for such absence, as well as the duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the certificates before mentioned, signed by the commanding officer, to be by him transmitted as soon as conveniently may be, to the collector of excise for the district in which such couit_ ty, county of a city, or county of a town, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, is situate, and to the chief secretnry of his excellency the lord lieutenant.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any regiment or bat. hdion of militia, after the disembodying thereof at any time, shall not be called out *or the annual.exercise and training thereof, every fubalteiu officer belonging to any such regiment or battalion, and coming within the tlcfci iptions of this ?.el> who shall have taken the oath herein before mentioned, before any fu.h juJt'cc of tl c peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual albw.mcc, as if fuc't subaltern of* ficer had regularly attended the annual exercise and training of such regimmt or battalion, during the whole of the twenty-eight days ly law required forth t purport, and a certificate of such attendance signed by the command nj ofi.e-r of such regiment or battalion had been transmitted to the collector of excise for the dillricl in which such county, county of a city, or county of a town to which such regiment of battalion shall belong is situate, according to the directions of this act, any thing contained in this ?.£l to the contrary notwithstanding,

3 N a

The th'irix-fvenih 'Year of George III.

Vj. And be i: fiisth..- en.ifted, That upon such certificates as aforesaid, cf fuJi justice of the peace and commanding officer, as aforesaid, or where any regiment or battalion shall not have been called out to their annual exercise as aforesaid, tip-on certificate of any fm h justice of peace, only, b» ing produced to, or received i;v the respective collector >, it shall and may be lawful for such collectors, am! they ate hereby authorized and rcqorcd to pay to the said subaltern officers, according to their respective rommiPhur. of lieutenant or ensign, the annual allowance above mentioned, in addition to their pay, without any deduction whatsoever, out of any publick monies in their hands, all which money so paid by such collectors Until !>. allowed them in their accounts, the certificates before mentioned to be by them pre--fcrvedaml produced as vouchers for the payments, from time to time made by them, in pursuance of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the subaltern officers of the militia, entitled, or claiming to be entitled to the benefits of this act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective regiments or battalions to which they belong, when-cvcr the same shall be embodied or called out upon aftuil service, and in case of neglect or refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such subaltern officer shall a second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform his duty at the annua! exercise, as before directed, each and cve»y such subaltern officer shall forfeit his ami their claim to the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, in all time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his ami their commifium and commissions, to ill intents and purposes whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several iillowances shall be paid to the pci suns respectively entitled there o, by the collectors, upon the production of the before mentioned several certificates, as Icon after the times of the annual ex-tTcife and training r.s may be convenient, or practicable.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be con-flrucd to extend to picvent any subaltern officer, entitled to the benefit of it, freni receiving the pay allowed by law, for his attendance -at such annual exercise as before mentioned, ever and above the said annual allowance.

X. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be conflated to extend to entitle any subaltern officer, as aforesaid, to the said annual allowance, or any part thereof, during the time the regiment cr battalion to which he -belongs shall be embodied, cr called cut on aftuat service.

XI. Protided also, TIn.t this act, and the benefits and allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be confirucd to'extend to more than ten lieutenants in any regiment containing moic than ten companies, or more than nine lieutenants in any regiment, containing more tI1r.11 eight, and less than eleven companies, to more than eight lieutenants in any regiment or battalion, containing more than fix-, and lei's than nine companies, to more than five lieutenants in any regiment or battalion con'ifiing of liv or of a Icfs number of companies.

XII. A;n! be it further cr-tfted, That in case in any regiment or battalion of militia, at the time of disembodving thereof, there shall happen to he a greater number of lieutenant»coming within the description of this act, that can be cdtitled to claim the benefits then of within the true intent and meaning of the foregoing provisoe* the lenior lieutenant: of such number shall ^Iways be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned allowances, and that the junior -lieutenants mall fu:co:d to Inch allowances, in rotation, as vacancies may happen among the said fcr.ior lieutenant.;, from time to time.

XII!. And be it further eiiuctod, That this act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth d..y of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and no

Ij«s° r*

CHAP.

7 he thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XXI.

An Act to amend the Game Laws.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the preservation of the game, it is enacted, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, every person who shall wilfully take, kill, or destroy, or who shall fell, or expose to sale, or who shall buy, or cause to be bought, any moor-game, heath-game, or grouse, between the tenth day of December and seventh day of August, or any pheasant, partridge, quail, land-rail, or wild turkey, between the tenth day of January and first day of September, in any year, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, for every such moor-game, heath-game, or grouse, pheasant, partridge, quail, land-rail, or wild turkey: and whereas the searching for, taking and killing of moor-game, heath-game, or grouse, at so early a period as the time specified in said act, has been found very prejudicial, and the taking and killing of partridges at lo early a period as the first day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the farmers and husbandmen throughout the kingdom, for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, so much of the said receited act as relates to the taking, killing, destroying, felling, or exposing to sale, any moor-game, heath-game, or grouse, between the tenth day of December and seventh day of August, in any year, or any partridge, between the tenth day of January and first day of September, in any year, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons shall, on any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or their possession, or use any moor-game, heath-game, or grouse, between the tenth day of December and twentieth day of August, in any year, or any partridge, land-rail, or quail, between the tenth day of January and twentieth day of September, in any year; and if any person or persons, shall take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their possession, or Vol. XVIII. 3 O make

2.5 7 A.D.

797-

Rcc’t.-’.!

G-3-

To much of receited act at r.-laei to fell* ing or killing moor-game, hcaihgamc, or grouse, between loth Dec. and 7th A tig. or partridge between 10th Jan. and 1st Sept, repealed.

No person Dial! take, kill, or have any moor-game, heath-game or grouse, between 10 li Dec. and 20th Aug. or partridge, landrail or quail, between 10th

238 A.D.

1797

Jan. and 20th Sept,

oflcniers 1). able 10 penally in recited act, which, ihal) he imposed, in-flicicd, received anj applied, as 1*V laid aft directed.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

make use of any moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, between the tenth day of December and twentieth day of August, in any year, or any partridge, land-rail, or quail, between the tenth day of |a-nuary and the twentieth day of September in any year, every such person or ersons shall be liable to the fame penalty as by the said act is laid on every person or persons transgrclling the fame, such penalty to be imposed, inflicted, received, and applied in like manner, and under the same rules and regulations as in and by the said receited act is directed, with respect to the application of the forfeitures to be incurred for any offence against the game laws.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act to extend the Powers of the Corporation for Paving, Cleanfng and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to enable the Corporation to build a Bridge across the River Anna Liffey, at Jfand- Bridge , and to enable the Corporation to borrow a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Recital 26 G. 3.

commissioners were thereby appointed and incorporated:

(r. juries were empowered to contrail for repairing way between pavement and Ctrciilar-foad:

by 30 G. 3. corporation for paving was empowered to make and repair londsbtitwccn pavement and Circular-mu]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, and the environs thereof, by the better paving, lighting, and cleanfng the fame, several persons were appointed directors and commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several flrcets and other publick passages in Dublin, and they and their successors were incorporated for such purpose: and whereas it is enacted, That the grand juries of the city of Dublin, or of the county of the city of Dublin, shall have full power and authority to enter into any contract or agreement for any term- not exceeding seven years, with any person or persons, body or bodies corporate, for any fuin of money to be expended in repairing or keeping in repair such parts of the carriage-ways, and foot-ways, as are situate between where the pavement ends and the Circular-road: and whereas by an act of parliament passed in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to extend the powers of the corporation for paving, cleanfng, and lighting the f reels of Dublin, and to enable the corporation to build a bridge across the river Anna Liffey at Island-bridge, the said corporation was empowered to repair, make and keep in order, at such times and in such manner as they should think heft, all or any part or parts of the several

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 239

sal roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, between the ex:re sc A.D. end of the pavements and the Gircu! u-road, or environ ro.ul; and 1797. also all or any part of the road leading to Chapelizod, and fi.uatc Chap.?, j.

between said city and the line of the bridge then intended to be ' ——

built over the river Anna Liffcy, at llland-bridge, as therein men- i'ij"',1lJ tioned; and also to make fuels foot-ways thereon as they should l!r'k- think proper: and whereas the said corporation are desirous, for the accommodation of the public, to continue the undertaking of said works, so far as they may be enabled by law, and their funds v. ii! permit; be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ami commons in tilts present parliament assembled, and by the .111-starity of the fame. That from and after the passing of this act,

corporation

the said directors and commissioners may, and they are Iterchy cm- hereby empowered to repair, make, and keep in order at such time and =n<S° times, and in such manner as they shall think heft, all or any part ‘‘Pfuc1' or parts of the several roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, which lie between the extreme end of the pavements and the Circular or environ road; and also all or any part of the road leading to Chapelizod, and situate between said city and the bridge built over the river Anna Liffey, at llland-bridge, and also to make such footways thereon as they shall think proper.

II. And be it enacted, That unless some provision shall from if provisio*. time to time, as the same shall be necessary, be made by present- ty

ment or otherwise, towards the expences of said repairs, and if the pairs, by prefame shall not be paid to the treasurer of the said corporation, for paving, cleanfm^, and lighting the said streets, then the said direc- corporation

°_, r , , maydifcon.

tors and commissioners mail ccaie and uifcontmue to pave or repair unucihem. such Areets, roads, passages or places, the provision for the expences of which shall have been omitted to be so raised or paid as aforesaid, until such time as such provision shall have been again made and paid.

III. And whereas turnpikes are eroded on several of the roads Truibosof leading to tile said city, at which tolls are received for the purpose of keeping the fame in repair, and it is reasonable that the trustees of pike loads such roads should contribute lowaVds the expence of such repairs; may be it enacted, That from and after the fading of this act, the di- corporation5' rectors of the road leading from Dublin to Dunleer, and the truf- for repair* of tees of all other roads, respectively, leading from Dublin, shall have full power and authority to enter into any conlraft or agreement they shall think fit, for any term they shall think fit, with Did corporation, for such proportion of the expence attending the 3 O 2 making,

240 the ihiriy-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

making, repairing, and keeping in repair, such part of such roads 1797' as shall be agreed upon, between them and said corpora-Chap. 22. t;on>

Ejpence iv. And whereas great encrease of expence has been incurred otcntal'of k)’ the said corporation, by the great extension of the city, and

city, and more especially by the great encrease in the price of oiL which ucarncfs of 1 y ' 0 1 t

oil: have induced a considerable debt on the corporation; lie it enact-

corporati- ed, That the said directors and commissioners, or any nine or row T0.000l. more of them, be, and they are hereby authorized and empower-and auttuhy' cc^ ^r0ln f*rae to l*me> w*tb the approbation of his excellency the be mortgage lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king-bydeben-°r dom, to borrow upon the credit of the funds, rates, and afieli-tllr,:i' ments by the said first recited act vested in them, any Atm or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole, the sum of ten thousand pounds, at an interest not exceeding the rate of six pounds , per centum per annum, together with such annuity as shall be agreed upon, provided such rate shall not exceed twenty shillings per annum, for every one hundred pounds so lent, for any term of years not exceeding nine years; and by writing under their common

seal, to secure by mortgage of the said funds, rates and assessments, or any part thereof, or by debenture, such sum or sums as shall be expressed in such mortgage or debentuie, to the person or persons, and their respective executors, administrators and assigns,

who shall advance and lend the fame, which mortgages or debentures shall be of like import as the mortgages prescribed in the said first recited act, for securing the money which the said directors and commissioners were thereby empowered to borrow, with such

variation in the words thereof, as the said directors and commissioners from the circumstances of the case shall think proper to

maike; and such mortgages or debentures shall be as valid and effectual a security to the person or persons who shall advance the monies to be borrowed thereon, and shall be transferable in the same manner as any mortgages made by virtue of the said receited act; and the interest which shall.accrue thereon, and such annuity as shall be payable thereon, shall be paid in like manner as the in-tcrelt of the monies borrowed by virtue of the said first recited act is thereby'directed to be paid.

Ifinterest V. And be it enacted, That if the interest which shall be pay-he uiipiilio a'J'e 011 any nlort6aSe or mortgages, or debenture or debentures, to days after be made in pursuance of this act, or any part thereof, or any ailed! chancel- nuity which may be granted as aforesaid, shall be unpaid by the lor. mayap- treasurer to the said commissioners and directors, for the space of

point u re- 1

ten

The thirty-fewnth Year of George III.' 2-j.t

ten days, after any of the days, appointed for the payment there- A.D. of, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commiHioiiLM':' of the great seal, may upon a petition of one or more of the holders of cc'v.'r, on the said mortgages or debentures, and an affidavit veriiying the truth thereof, appoint a receiver to receive l’o much of the said rates and assessments as may lie necessary to pay Inch interest and annuities, and receiver’s fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make Inch order for sequestering the said rates and assessments, or Inch monies as may be in the hands of the said treasurer for the payment thereof, as tojulfice shall appertain.

VI. And whereas the fold corporation have at times borrowed certain sums of their treasurer and other persons, the interest of which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of J tine, one thoti-sand seven hundred and ninety-two, the commissioners of imprest accounts have refused to allow, amounting in the whole, to the sum of four hundred and sixty-four pounds, fifteen shillings and one penny-halfpenny; be it enacted, That the said commissioners of imprest accounts, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to allow the said sums, and to discharge the corporation therefrom, on passing their next accounts.

V1L And be it enacted, That the cods and charges of preparing, drawing, and obtaining, and passingtliis aft, shall be paid by the said corporation, out of the funds thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juries, and other persons, without specially pleading the lame.

Comniifii* owits ofim-prest iccrmts luve refuted to allow intercil from

n Jun*.

*79*

fud oontrnif-lioners shall allow said sums.

Cods of thts nit paid b>- corporation.

A publick act

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to extend to Preferments exceeding Two Hundred Pounds, to be expended on Mail-Coach Roads, the Regulations of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the King, Entitled, An Act for the Regulation of Preferments for the Purpose of levying Money to be expended in ereEling Court-Houses, Gaols, and other expenfve Buildings.

WHEREAS the provisions of an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the regulation of preferments for the purpose of levying money to be expended in creating court-houses, gaols, and other expen-

242 A.D.

1797*

3; G. 3. for rsguhiting pres-ntments f.»r ronrt-houfm, &c. h.is fi.,en beneficial,

fjms pre-Tinted for mail-coach roads, or bridges, or walls thereon, exceeding zaol. may b-paid i» ad vance to overfsers, on conditions in recited ail.

'The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

live buildings, have been found beneficial: and whereas it has been found necessary to present large fuins of money, for opening, making, ditching, widening, and repairing the roads where mail coaches are cfhibKIhed, as also for building, repairing, and widening bridges, or building or repairing walls thereon; be it enacted by the King’s 1110ft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confem of the lords spiritual anti temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thatwhere any such presentments for opening, making, ditching, widening and repairing, or for building, repairing, or widening bridges, or building or repairing of walls on roads whereon mail coaches have been, or hereafter shall be established, shall exceed the sum of two hundred pounds, it dull and may be lawful to present and allow the whole, or any part of such Ann so presented, to be paid in advance to the overseers appointed to conduct such work so presented, upon the fame conditions, and under the fame regulations in the said recited act contained, and that all such conditions, orders, and regulations as are in the Add, recited act contained, shall he extended and applied to all such presentments as aforesaid, for roads where mail coaches have been, or shall hereafter be cAablished, the eflipiates for which shall exceed the Aim of two hundred pounds, llerling.

CHAP. XXIV;

An Act for the further Advancement of Agriculture, and /> rotnoting a fieaiy Supply of Corn, for the City of Dublin,

by extending the Export Bounties on Corn and Flour to the said City, and disconlinuing all Inland, Canal, and C.oaji Bounties thereto.

[Preamble.]

"V £ THIiREAS the encouragement of the corn trade in the city of Dublin, by granting funilar bounties on the export of corn and grain, ground and unground, therefrom, as are payable by law on the like export from all other parts of this kingdom, will tend to-cncreal’e the general agriculture,of the kingdom, and will secure at all times a regular anti Ready Aipply for the con-, fumption of the said city; be it enacted by the King’s moA excellent Majesty, by anti with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after n Oablin, tllc passing of this act, all bounties payable by any law or laws

liiall cealc, J

2 now

The thirty-fc-vcnlh Year of George III.

non- in force, on the carriage of corn, grain, meal or flour to the A.D. city of Dublin, by canal, land, or coallwavs shall ccafe, and be 1797-no longer payable, except upon Inch corn, grain, meal, and flour, which shall have been aftuaiiy shipped or forwarded, previous to >’«c;uo«

lOCI ,.S IV1!

the paiAng of this act, any lav.- r,r laws to the contrary notwith- a-.i. c> for. (landing; and that from ami after the (irfl day of September, one

thousainl ieven hundred and ni.iety-seven, all bounties, tviyabie ,'<ml lil-x,(-

’.ll b Ulil'.l'i

cn the like carriage of malt to the city of Dublin, shall ccafe,' and o.i nut. shall be no longer payable, except on fitch milt which shall have been "‘s?l actually shipped or fonvarJed, previous to fuid ftrfl day of Sep- '

temher. ’ loorar.led,

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the faifl bounties Thctiiw hereby made to cease and determine, there (hill hr grained and niaii be piM paid on the export of all com, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, 01

peas and beans, from the port of Dublin, or from any of the from Dublin, members or creeks thereof, or from any port, harbour, haven, or place, between Drogheda and Wicklow, from and after the passing

of this act, the like bounties as are, or shall be payable on the wj-Jblc

export of the like articles,'respectively, from the other ports of p'ntVrni.i-n this kingdom, subject to the like rules and regulations, focurities, ,u "’ exceptions, restrictions, fines, and forfeitures, as is or are enacted, in respect to said bounties, and to he paid by the puynnfter herein after mentioned.

III. And the better to facilitate and encourage the com trade,

in the city of Dublin; bs it enacted, Tint from and after the ^Allm,

passing of this act, all wheat, rye, meflin, barley, here, oats, malt, fjmpv,

peas, and beans, which shall be. Ibid.by fainple, in any of the cx_

markets of the said city, or of tile liberties thereof, and which shall be purchased by any merchant or dealer in the said city or meal-nun,

liberties, nett being a baker or meal man, may, at all times, be vcrevt’wiih-"'-

brought. to, and delivered to such merchant or dealer, without ", Jl lK!'"3 . ’ brought to

bein'!; previmtfly brought to, or going through any market, or nurkci.

weighed at any public!: crane, any law to the contrary notwith-

ilaiiding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Honnty on

of this act; all bomuies, payable by law, on the’carriage of oats aJ!|,eai ia

and oatmeal to the province of Ulster, shall cease, ' and be no u ^1,1:111

J cease, except

longer payable, except on the carriage of such oats or oatmeal on such as which shall have been actually shipped, previous to tlte passing of I0,a^ this act.

V. And whereas the offices of pay mailer and examiner of corn offices of premiums were created by an act passed in tills kingdom in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty king George

3 P 2 the

244

A.D.

'T)r Cluji. 24.

created by ?! C. 2. ' \;:riuu' dati'.s were initial by (utoiajueut atts;

laid olTices are nccvliary: fakl

shall le ecu* tinned fur purposes herein nnm. cdj and held where and when com. of revenue Hull appoint;

o/ficerj to he called p:ty-m after and examiner of corn hoim* ties;

commission-tii to iifuc warrants for payment of bounties, to

paymalltr;

paymiJlfr

may adnuifi*

fivi oaths, and do (itch ether acts as a collector may, on paying export bounty.

- Recognisance entered into by sir John Tydd, shall extend to c’fice and monies by this n<fl: paymaller may pay him-fdf and exa-miiterilielums herein mentioned, quarterly.

TLe thirly-seventh Year of George III.

the second, entitled, An att for amending an abl, entitled, An a.7 for the better f:‘[flying the city of Dublin with corn and four, and various duties have been imposed on the persons holding the said office of paymaller, by several subsequent acts of parliament, ex-diilive of paying corn premiums, and the continuance of the said offices are necessary, as well for the fulfilling of the fa'ul duties as for the better execution of this act; be it further enacted, That the said offices ftull be continued, as well for the said pin-polls as for paying bounties payable by this act, and examining into the payment of the fame, and of all other bounties on the export of corn, grain, meal, malt and flour, and shall be held at inch convenient place or places, and be kept open on lucll days, and during Co many hours each day, as shall be approved of, or appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of customs, or any lour or more of them; and that the persons holding the lame shall, from henceforth, be called paymaller and examiner of corn bounties, respectively; and that all bounties payable by virtue of this act, shall he regularly and duly paid by the person holding the said office of paymaller of corn bounties; and that, in order thereto, the said commissioners, or any four or more of them dial], from time to time, by warrant subscribed by them, or any four or more of them, direct the payment of such sum and sums of money as they shall judge necessary, to the said paymaller, to be by him paid over to the several persons who shall be entitled to receive any bounty pursuant to the provisions of this act, and that the said paymaller shall have power to adtmniller all such oaths, and to do all and every such act or acts respecting the payment of the said bounties, as any collector of his Majesty's revenue may by law administer or do, respecting the payment of any bounty on the export of any corn, grain, malt, rneai, or flour, from any port in this kingdom.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the recognizance entered into by and on behalf of sir John Tydd, baronet, the present possessbr of the said office, shall extend to the said office of pay-master of the corn bounties, and to all monies which he shall receive by virtue of this act; and that in (lead of the salary of three hundred pounds, a year payable to him, and of forty pounds a year, payable to him likewise for a clerk, and of one hundred and.fifty pounds a year, payable to said examiner, under the provisions of the said recited act, and of a further allowance of one hundred and fifty pounds a year, appointed by order of the commissioners of excise, to be paid to the said examiner, the pay-master of corn bounties, and every person -who shall be appointed

to

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III.

to succeed him in the said oilice, shall and may, out of the lums which he shall so receive, deduct for himself and pa)' to the person holding the office of examiner, the amount of the annual sums above mentioned, as salaries and allowance, respectively, rater,bly each quarter.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on the deatii, removal, or resignation of the pay mailer of corn bounties, or the examiner thereof, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, shall appoint a person to succeed, and so from time to time, as often as there shall be a vacancy of either of the said offices, any thing in any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the paymaster of corn bounties shall have like power to appoint one or more deputy or deputies, and to remove the fame, and to appoint one or more to succeed in his or their room, from time to time, at his pleasure, and every such deputy shall have like power to act and administer oaths respecting the payment of the bountie: under this act, and shall give like security as is or are enacted in respect to the paymaster or deputy, or to any of the bounties made by this act to cease and determine; and that all returns, copies, certificates and accounts required by an act passed in the twenty £>venth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties under several laws now in force for the encouragement of agriculture, and for rendering the carriage of corn to the city of Dublin less expensive-, and another act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to amend an aB passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of kis Majestys reign, entitled, An act for regulating the corn trade, promoting agriculture, and providing a regular and steady supply of corn in the kingdom; to be transmitted or sent to the paymaster of corn premiums in the city of Dublin, shall continue in like manner to be sent to him as paymaster of corn bounties, under the like regulations and penalties, and that he shall continue to do and execute all matters respecting them, as fully as if this act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the present examiner, and every person who shall hereafter be appointed to fnccccd him, shall duly and regularly examine all vouchers and bounty papers, for the payment of bounties on the export of corn, grain, malt, meal and flour, from this kingdom, which shall be produced to him, and shall make due entry thereof, in a book to be by him kept for the purpose, dating the quantities and species for which bounty

2 45 A. Q.

1797-Chap. 2,;.

I.ort? lieu, tinetit may appoint f*tc-cclIWi to j ay-maUci O' examiner.

P.U Dialler

m.tv appoint ami remove deputies also shall have like powers, and give fu-cuiicy, &o.

returns, certificates,

&c. required by 27 (j. 3. and by 30 G. 3. to be tent to paymaster of corn premiums in Dublin, shall uo.uinue to be sent to him.

Duty of examiner.

246 A.D.

mi-

Chap. 24.

CompenfU-t:on should be made u> pre-rent payniaf-ter, ir.fpcttor,

and examiner, for lois of fees.

when they deliver an account on

oath 10 commissioners of revenue of nnunnu of fees received the lait 3 years, under 17 nno 33

Geo 3.-.ml

CGinmillinners shall certify, and irate avciMi'e, do-

dui ii-'A’ «*-pense>, they shall be paid a sum equal

thereunto, duri.-jg their lives, m like manerr as provided by 2S Uco. 3.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

(Kali have been paid at each port, and Hull certify inch his examination once in every quarter of a year, or oftener if required, to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue.

X. And whereas it is just and reasonable, that compensation should he made to the present paymaster of bounties on the carriage of corn, meal, malt, and flour, to the city of Dublin, coast-ways, and to the inspectors appointed by virtue of the said recited a cl, passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, and to the present examiner of the corn premiums, for the Losses which must accrue to them, from the ceasing of the fees to which they are by law respectively entitled, on the payment of said bounties, and weighing all corn, meal, malt, and flour, which shall be so carried, or examining the fame j be it further enacted, That so soon as the said paymaster, and inspectors, and examiner, shall deliver upon oath, to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, an acco int of the amount of fees received by them, in the three years ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by virtue of the said last recited act, and of one other ad herein before mentioned, passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, and also the expences of executing said offices, respectively, during said time; and the said rrvnml/Iiouers, or any four or more of them, shall certify their examination into, and approbation of such account, and shall state the yearly average of the said fees, deducing thereout the yearly average of the said expences during said time, they the said paymaster, inspectors, and examiner, shall be respectively entitled to receive, and shall each receive yearly, during their respective lives, a sum equal to the amount of such yearly average, after such dedudion 5 such yearly sum to be paid to them in like manner, and out of such monies as is provided for the payment of fees, by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better encouragement of trade, by regulating the payment of bounties, and exempting them from fees.

XI. And in order to make compensation to all other officers and clerks concerned in the payment of any of the bounties which shall ccafe by virtue of this act, and to the craner appointed by an act of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, for the lolfes which must accrue to them from the ceasing of their salaries, fees, or emoluments arising therefrom; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

To com* ipcnfjto otiicr officers am) clcr; concerned, and the craner appointed by

at and z1

G. 5. lords of

pay [hem in.li lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and they are hereby SbcVi c -t- to pay out of the consolidated fund, from time to time,

ali

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. . all such fams as they (ha! be directed by his excellency the i.Ti: lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to pay to such person or ersons. in such man-nc., and at such time or times, as shall be so directed to be paid, for the purpose aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the fai.i office of pay-master of corn bounties shall not be deemed an office created or crcfted since the passing of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his present Mnjctty’s reign, entitled, An act for fairing the freedom and independence of the houfi of commons, by excluding therefrom persons holding any offers under the crown, lo be hereafter crca 'ed, or holding certain offices therein enumerated, or pensons for term j of years, or during his Majest s pleasure.- nor shall the continuance of the present poflfessor, sir John Tydd, baronet, therein, ire deemed an acceptance of an office of profit from the crown, within the meaning of the said act.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act for the Relief of uncertifcated Bankrupts.

WHEREAS there are several persons against whom commissions of bankruptcy hare been issued, under the great feat of Ireland, on or before die first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, who hare not obtained their certificates, under such commissions, either through the obltinacy of some of their creditors or on account of Come other unforeseen misfortunes, by which means such persons arc deprived of an opportunity of acquiring a livelihood for themselves and their respective families, although such persons hare in all other rc-spects conformed themtelve9 to the several acts now in force, concerning bankrupts: and whereas it is teasonable to make a provision for the relief of said persons, for which purpose be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lotds spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be law:ul to and for all and every person and persons, against whom a commission of bankruptcy was awarded after the first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and on or before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and who in all things confor med himself, herself, and themselves to the several acts of parliament now in force concerning bankrupts, and who have surrendered and submitted themselves to the said commission, and who have not been committed for contumacy, or non-conformity, and yet have not obtained their certificates under such commissions, shall and may apply by petition to the lord chancellor, kwd keepers, or lords commissioners of the great seal, for the tinu: being, setting forth the true circumstances of the case, relative to such cominuTion and certificate, having previously given notice to the agent of such commission, and to the assignees of his estate and efiefts, of such his intended applica-3 Qjt. non;

c<3 by iV.t* '.rt.'

iicutcn.liu i*r of consolidai-cd fund.

Office cf pa\ mailer not decn;» ! a new cue,:.vr ccruinuuncu of lir John T>’dd, cd an acceptance oi an efinv, w;tMn if

3) *5*

248 The thirty-/eventh Year of George I] I.

A.D.

lion j and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissior.'TS, shall have power

1797. and authority to direct and order the acting commissioner^, in the respective com.

millions named, or the major part of them, to cei tify to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, the conformity, or non-conformity of such b uk-rnpf or bankrupts, and such other matters as to them shall seem neceslsiry, concerning the same, (the said sifting commissioners, or the major part of them being hereby authorized and required so do) and the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners; 'ia)l thereupon have power and authority, if lie or they shall think fit, to direct and order asi ndvcrtifcmuit :o be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, for the allowance of such bankrupt’s certificate, although the same shall not appear to have been signed or consented to by four-fifths in number, and value of the creditors of such bankrupt, agreeable to the act of parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, in the fame maimer and form a.- if the said certificate had been signed, or confemed to as nfovesaid, and the creditors of cveiy such bankrupt shall be at liberty to go before the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners and shew cause, why such certificate should not be granted; and in case no fuilicient cause shall be shewn to the contrary within the time limited by the said advertisement, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, shall have power and authority to allow such bankrupt’s certificate, the fame being signed by the said acting commissioners, or the major part of them in the like manner, as if the fame had been signed, and consented to, agreeable to the said before mentioned act, and the fame being so allowed, shall be of the fame force and efleft, to all intents and purposes, as a certificate allowed pursuant to the several statutes now in force within this kingdom.

CHAP. xxvr.

An Act to prevent the forging of Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Batik of Ireland, and to prevent the obtaining of filfe Credit, and the committing of Frauds by the Imitation of Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

[Preamble.]

IT’OR the more effectually preventing the forging of notes and JL bills of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any person or persons, other than the officers, workmen, servants, or agents for the time being, of the said governor and company, Any person to be authorized and appointed for that purpose, by the said go-JumMytjy) vernor and company, and for the use nf the said governor and rawlioran}' comPan)r °n'y. shall make or use, or cause or procure to be made 1 or

The thlrtj-seventh Year of George III. 2-j-o

or used, or knowingly aid or a'lift in the making or tiling, or, with- A.D. out being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly 1797. have in his, her, or their custody or possession, without lawful C’liap 26. excuse, the proof whereof shall lie on the person aer '1.-,], any t—~y -*J frame, mould, or instrument for the making of paper,- with the words " bank of Ireland," vilihle, i 1 the Ihbllmce of Inch piper, j]jr‘7('vj:' or shall make,orcauIe or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or "li:.ikn: !i,-afliil in making any paper in ill.; fuiiftan:.; of which tile laid words " hank of Ireland," shall he viable, or if any person, except as 71,fjj1"' before excepted, after the Lid !ir:t day of J me, shall, by any art, poiar I by mystery, or contrivance, cause or procure the said words " bank , ljr

of Ireland," to appear vilihle In the Uibitmcc of any papal' what- .*7 soever, or knowingly aid ora.'lid i:i culling the said words, " bmk «vr<i. yn-.-e of Ireland," to appear in the fubllance of any paper wlutfo- g,/.... ,i ever, every person so olleilding in any of the cases aforesaid, and he- ‘j.1,

ing thereof lawfully convicted, shall for such offenee be aJ- oi a-In..-judged a felon, and shall lie transpovted fur his or her life.

II. And for preventing injury to public credit by unwary and J'.irmov.i. other persons taking in payment, and otherwise receiving notes, inland bills, and bills of exchange, with certain words and charac- j,jj jj j ters, so nearly refe,tabling notes and bills of the said governor and lr--iao-J sa.->; company of the bank of Ireland, as to appear to such person to be notes or bills of the bank of Ireland: and for preventing the practice of (hop-keepers, and others making life of notices, advertisements, or other papers in their outward form fuailar to notes of the bank of Ireland, engraved with flourishes and devices in the margin, and with a certain number in white letters on a black or any (lark ground, in the manner the fitm or value of notes of the bank of Ireland is expressed at the foot thereof, and in other respects resembling the fame, by which frauds may be, and have been committed on ignorant or illiterate persons; be it enacted, That 5='- r"*? from and after the said first day of June, if any person or persons, ,jn.)’j/0j,|ni.,t with,out being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall engrave, cut, etch, ferape in inetzotinto, or shall cause or procure to be cn- his. naver-graved, cut, etched, or IcrapeJ -in metzotiilto, or shall knowingly r,.:; aid or a (Tift in the engraving, cutting, etching, or feraping in met- j1,'"j5 "'J,1’'-, zotinto, in or upon any plate of copper, brals, Itcel, pewter, or of "um'v r any other metal, or mixture of metals, or upon wood, or any other or i,r alter-’ material, or any plate whatsoever, any proinilfirv note, inland hill, or bill of exchange, or blank promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or part of a promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, containing the words, " bank of Ireland," or " bank

Vojl. XVIII. 3 R poll:

Not to extern! to per. Urns hereafter pcfTdl'al at’ well notes or bills, and who ulu proper means to compel payment.

Not to extend to notes executed and dated before i June, 179;, Javc as hemr.

The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

poll: bill," or any word or words expressing the sura or amoun^ or any part of the sum or amount of such promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, in white letters or figures, on a black or dark ground, or any notice or advertisement from any shop-keeper or other person, with flourishes or devices in the margin, or any number thereon in white letters or figures, on a black or dark ground, or shall ufo any such plate so engraved, cut, etched, or feraped in metzotillto, or shall life any other instrument for the making or printing any such promissory note, inland bill, or bill ot exchange, or blank promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or notice or advertisement; and if any person, without being authorized and appointed as afo’rcsaid, shall, after the first day of June, in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, knowingly have in his, her, or their custody, any such plate or instrument, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter or publish any such promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, blank promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or utter or disperse any such notice or advertisement, every such person so-oflending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof, according to law, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, or be committed to the common gaol of the county, or place where the offence shall he committed, for any space of time not exceeding six months.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to any person or persons who, being at any time hereafter possessed of any such note or hill, shall only utter the fame, by carrying the fame for payment to the iifucr or ilfuers, drawer or drawers, acceptor or acceptors, indorlcr or indorsers thereof, respectively, or tiling proper means to compel the payment of any such note or bill.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any fort extend, or be construed to extend to any promissory notes or bills of exchange, executed and dated before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or to prevent or alfeft the uttering, negociating, receiving or paying the lame, save only by the makers thereof.

CHAP.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for vefing a certain Fund in Commissioners, at tbs End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to direct the Application of additional Fundi, in case of future Loam, to the like Pur-pfe.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS from the great encrease of tire national debt, ' y and in order to make a lading provision for the maintenance of publick credit, it is necessary to form a permanent plan for the reduction of the said debt, and for the more effectually preventing the accumulation of debt hereafter, in consequence of any further loans; therefore tve your Majesty's most dutiful anil loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirhual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at the end of the three quarters of a year, which will end on the twenty-fourth day of June, the twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December, respectively, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and at the end of every quarter of a year, to end the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of [une, the twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December respectivtsy, in every succeeding year, there ll’.all be issued or let rpart, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, out of the monies composing the fund, appropriated to the payment of the interest of the national debt, and of the life, and other annuities, granted for effectuating the raising of monies borrowed by the government of this kingdom, and established by any act or acts of parliament, and of such charges attending the payment of such interest and annuities, as have been, or shall lie charged on the said fund, by any act or acts in that behalf, a sum sufficient to make good on the day on which every such quarter Hull end, ali such interest and annuities, and parts of interest and annuities, as thail have accrued at every such quarter day; and that after such sum shall be so issued or let apart, there shall then be farther set apart in the rc-3 R 2 ccipt

PicamWc*

a sum fufK-ciciu for payment of interestancl annuities, as they accrue, shall be set npirt qtinr* teilv,at trmlury, our of fund appropriated to payment of interest and

a further sum of zy.cool. to be set a-part, orfo much thereof as (UU ns-

252 the thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Sn much of 2 ^, OGO'. as ilull li- ddiiienr, Hull lv.- foe ajvirt ui of

f:«d t|U.irtcr*

ly

deficiency iffut'il out of confoSid.ucd fund, fiir.ll he c:n rial forward a charge, until replaced

yCir computed from 1 \ id ir. vo

25 March.

Maries h 'rein- or-tiered out of rOiifolitlated /mid, ih.dl I>c illiial in preference 10 all others thereout, eveept by zb Uw. 3*

If surplus of appropriated fund be not i’ufli* cient to pay off deficiencies, and

ceipt of the salt! exchequer, out of the monies composing the find appropriated fund, a sum of twenty-five thousand pounds, or fitch part thereof, as the surplus or excess of the said fund, after setting apart the amount of the said interest, annuities and charges, shall he sufficient to satisfy.

II. And be it enacted, That if at the end of any fitch quarter of a year, such surplus or excess of the said appropriated hind, after felting apart the amount of all Inch intered, annuities ri.l charges, shall not amount to the said sum of twenty-five thousand pounds, then and at the cn I of every lu-:h quarter, a linn equal to the sum in which fticli surplus or excess shall he delicLnt of, amounting to the said sum of twentj-live thousand pounds, ifi.ill he let apart, and iffited out of the fund, called the confclhia’c.l fund,1 and such deficiency lb iiuted out of the consolidated fur.;!, fluill lie carried forward as a charge on the monies which shall remain in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of the future surplus or excess of the said appropriated fund, after issuing or felting apart the amount of all such interest, annuities and charges, as are herein before directed, to be previously ilfited or set apart, at the end of the next and every other succceding quarter in the same year; and also the said charge of twenty-live thousand pounds each quarter, until jiieli deficiency shall be made good, and replaced thereby, to the said consolidated fund; every such year to he computed fsotn the twenty-fifth day of March, to the twenty-fifth day of March following

III. And be it further enacted, That all monies required by this act to he issued out of the consolidated fund, to make good any deficiency as aforellud, shall be issued and paid thereout, by the authority of this act, immediately and without delay, as tliev shall become payable thereout; and that the said payments shall be made preferable to all other payments charged, or which may hereafter be charged upon the said consolidated fund, except such payments as are charged thereon, by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the fit!'port of the honour and dignity of his Majejlf s crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishmat!, under certain provisions and regulations.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any time it shall happen that at the end of the year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or at the end of any future year, computed as aforesaid, after provi-fiotl shall have been made for all payments, for which monies are

2 previously

The thlrly-seventh Year of George III.

previously to he set apart or ill'tied, according to the directions of this a. 1'. aft, the surplus or exeefs of the monies composing the fund appro- 1797-priated to the payment of the said intered, annuities and charges ^h.ip. -! shall not he furtieient to make good as well all such deficiencies, js ..i0 oi 3: shall have arisen during such year, as the payment of the Aim of {"X%, 'il m’t twenty-live thousand pounds, then due, in every Inch case, the I carried amount of such deficiency or deficiencies, whether the lame flu)! cW.roi'1 have arisen in any preceding quarter or quitters within Inch year, rlV/,!’!h111lie or in the quarter ending on the twenty-fifth day of March, o;1 nuJagnJ which such year shall end, shall not he carried forward as a charge curm.i jiao on the said appropriated fund, at the end of the next succceding quarter, hut shall he made good to the consolidated fund, out of any aids or supplies which shall he, or shall have been granted by parliament for the service of the then current year.

V. And be it enacted, That the monies so set apart, at the end of Monies so any quarter of a year, ending as aforesaid, or of any year coinput- pjjy'lo"111 cd as aforesaid, either for the payment of the sum of twenty-five Inrhof ir=-thousand pounds, due at the end of such quarter, or of any part fluil’kce? an thereof, or for making good such deficiency or deficiencies as afore- k i>-said, shall forthwith be issued and paid to the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, and shall by them be placed to an fnr’rcduflkm account, to be kept in their books, and to he entitled, " The ^i""t,0IH1 account of the coininissioners appointed by act of parliament, for applying certain Aims of money annually, to the reduction of the national debt," and that as well such monies, as any ether monies which shall be paid to the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, by virtue of this act, to be placed to the said account, shall be applied by the commissioners herein after appointed, towards the reduction of the national debt, and in the manner herein after directed, and to no other intent or purpose, and in no other manner whatsoever.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall not lie lawful for the ofli- No nor.cy

l r to be Mac<!

cers of the receipt of his Majesty s exchequer, to set apart, or illuc omof confoji. out of the monies composing the consolidated fund, at the end of any quarter, any sum or Aims of money, for any service whatso- F;=y;by ever, other than is provided in this act, and the said receited act, 33^. 3. are passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, until the sum kl,ap:irt' or Aims which shall be payable thereout, by the provisions of this act, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, on account of the said commissioners, shall have been set apart or Killed as aforesaid; and that in like manner it flia'.l not be lawful for the "ranyf :ns officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, after the twenty- rMr'/ilf fifth day of March, in any year, to issue any sum cr Aims < f trCjl-r>*

until sums payable here by are paid into bat k.

Stock purchased, or redeemed by this act, dial] be transferred to accum of coiiim.fli m-ers, and interest apolied to reduction of national debt.

Annuities Hull be regularly issued, and placed to account of’ conmiifli-oucra.

When amount of intered payable, shall be reduced, or debentures, &c. pan! till', a (urn equal to the re*, duftion shall be issued quarterly, for purposes and in manner aforesaid.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

money, for any service whatever, out of any monies which shall then remain in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from any aids or supplies granted for the service of the current year, or out of any monies which shall be received into the exchequer, after the said twenty-fifth day of March, from such aids or supplies, until the sum or sums, if any such there shall be, which shall be payable by virtue of this act, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, on account of the said commissioners, out of the said aids or supplies, shall have been set apart, or issued as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That such part of the principal, secured by debentures or capital stock, as shall be purchased or redeemed by virtue of this act, shall be transferred to the account of the said commissioners; and that the filtered or dividends payable thereon, shall from time to time, be issued and placed to the account of the said commissioners, to be by them applied to the re-

duftlon of the national debt, in manner herein after directed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all annuities for years, heretofore granted, or which may be hereafter granted, to aid any loan for public purposes, shall be continued after the terms for which they have been, or shall be rel'peftively granted,' and shall be regularly and duly issued, and placed to the account of the said commissioners, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt as aforesafil.

IX. And be it enacted, That whenever the amount of filtered, payable on any debenture, or of the annuities payable in respect of any capital dock, shall be 1 educed, or any debentures or capital dock shall be paid off-, by means of any sum of money to be raised for that purpose, for which new debentures shall iflfie, or new capital dock be created, bearing a lower rate of interest or annuity than the debt or capital dock which shall be so paid off, then an additional annual sum, equal in amount to the annual interest or annuity which shall be so saved, shall from thenceforth be issued and paid, by quarterly payments, out of the said appropriated fund j and in case of any deficiency therein, out of the consolidated fund, ill like manner as is herein before provided, and under like regulations to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and shall be by them placed to the account of the said commissioners, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt.

X. And for more efleftlially preventing the accumulation of debt hereafter, it consequence of any future loans, be it enacted, That whenever any sums of money shall be hereafter raised by

i loans

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 255

loans for public purposes, a separate account shall be kept at the A.D.

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of the annuities and annual in- *797*

terest to be incurred thereby; and in case such loan shall lie raised

for any other purpose, than that of paying oft' some existing debt, a kpir..;.-

fscured by debentures or capital stock, bearing an higher rate of te ktpt at

interest than shall be payable for the sum to be raised by such loan, ncafury, of I / annuities,

and provision shall not have been made by Parliament, for paying fcc. u.terdl off within forty-five years, the whole of the sum to be raised by

future loans;

such loan, from thence forth, at the end of every quarter, subsequent to the day on which the act or acts of parliament, by which t»)'ins "!' a such loan shall be created, shall have received the royal assent, an i.mrl ir,te-additional sum shall be set apart, out of the monies coinpofing the consolidated fund, and shall be issued at the receipt of the exchc- made for pay-

JJ.O || p|j

quer, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, to be ^"years, a by them placed to the account of the said commissioners, the an- 1","'^"^" nual amount of which additional sum, shall be equal to one hun- drcdUi pan of

ini burrow-

dredth part of the capital stock, created by inch loan or principal ed, ihdl be fam, for which debentures shall be issued, on account of such ^£3°

loan. fund in man-

ner before

XI. And be it enacted, That all additional sums which shall be directed. so set apart, at the end of every quarter, iu consequence of any such loan as aforesaid, shall be set apart, and issued at the receipt J1"® of his Majesty's exchequer, at the end of each quarter, in the order quarterly.in in which such new loan shall have respectively taken place, imme- after diately after the sums which are herein before directed to he issued lhc and placed to the account of the said commissioners, to make good the said quarterly sum of twenty-five thousand pounds; and that all the said additional sums, and also all interest and dividends on any debenture or capital stock which shall be purchased or redeemed by the said commissioners, in each quarter, by the application of the said additional sums, or by the receipt of interest or dividends, or debentures or capital stock, purchased or redeemed by such additional sums, shall be placed in the name of the said com-

r a separate

missioners, to a separate account, for each separate new loan. account of

XII. And be it enacted, That whenever the monies to be placed 'nan."0" to the account of the said commissioners, confiding of the payments

of the interest on debentures, or dividends on capital stock. which to account shall have been purchased by virtue of this act; other than and onen, tn the except such as shall be purchased by the application of such monies as are herein before directed to be placed to a separate accounU pefeherein in consequence of new loans, or of any other act or acts of parlia- mnii amount mer.t, or of any annuities, the terms whereof may be expired, or

3 S 2 of the 25.0:0l.

25 6

A.D. 1797. Chap. 17.

«|-i.iitcily.or t f jay a J«!i-

t

or diviticiiJs

r principal

| ;!.ci:cc-

iuiti paiJufr' or pu; cl,ni’cd liy comtu.lu-uRtrj, I’.jall cc.ifc to be issued, and

llin'I he air-

j ofed of by' farliamcat.

Comiinfli. t’lKT.i tO apply

inonSespIact.d

to their ac» c.’um.to yt:clia!'cof lu.'.k, or

jiiiiiutties.

Sitnv; not dirucU'd by any futmc snili to lie

tipplicj tj

pul chafe of ilrick, 1 or

p;,r,

ili.il! be applied to purchase bcit-u-par, at imijs herein m. n.

- tioned.

The thirij-seventh Year of George III.

of any sums which may he annually Wined, in consequence of any £ivings arising from the reduction of the rate of interest, or of the ’ rate of any annuities, or dividends on capital dock shall amount in the whole to the Ann of three hundred thousand pounds, exdu-iive of the said quarterly sum of twenty-live thousanu pounds, or of any additional annual or quarterly Aims, which may be direct-’ ed to he iflited from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the said commissioners, by any future act or acts of parliament, the Altered or dividends due on such part of the principal Aims cr capital dock, as shall thenceforth he paid off or purchased by the said commissioners, other than and except on such as shall be paid off or purchased by the application of the monies herein before directed to be placed to a separate account, in coilsequence of any new loans, and the monies payable for such annuities for year?, as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be iiliicd at the receipt of the exchequer, but dull be considered to be redeemed cr purchased by Parliament, and shall remain to be ciilposed cf, as Parliament dull direct.

Xfff. And be it cuadled, That a! monies whatever, which from time to time dull be placed to the account of the said commissioners, by virtue of this act, dull be applied by them, either in payment for the purchase of fitch principal sums secured on debentures, or on capital dock, as shall be at or above par, in such manner, and at such periods, as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament, or to the purchase of any principal sum secured on debentures, or capital dock below par, or annuities for years, in manner herein after directed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all monies whatever, which shall be placed from time to time to the account of the said commissioners, by virtue of this act, which shall not be directed by any future act or acts of parliament, to be applied in the purchase of the principal Aims, leaned on debentures, or on capital dock, at or above par, shall lie applied by the said commissioners, in payments for the purchase of such principal sums, and capital dock below par in the following manner; that is to say, that all monies i'o to be applied, which shall have been placed to the account of the said commissioners, between the twenty-fifth clay of March in any year, and the iird day of May, then next- entiling, shall be applied to the purchase of such principal , sums, and capital, dock, on three days at the lead, in cveiv week, between the said fird day of May, and the iird.day of Augud, then next enAiing. and in like manner the

The thirlj'seventh Year of George III. 257

the sums to !>c applied, which shall have been placed to the account A.D. of the said commissioners, between the end of any Inch quarter, ’797-

PI n

and the first day of the calendar month, which iliali commence next after the end of lech quarter, shall he applied to the pv.rehafe of Inch principal sums and capital stock, on three days at the lead, in every week, between the said fil'd day of the calendar month, which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, and the full day of the calendar month which flutll commence next after the end of the quarter next ensuing.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any time 'v ",!"e it fn.ll h ippen that there Hull he no subsisting debentures or ca- i,lg a ,.k or-pttal dock below par, and that the necessary measures shall not

have been previously taken by Parliament, to enable and dived >' y,'cU-.ro

at t r abo\ a

the said unmilhoners to apply the monies which shall have been lur.

placed to their account by virtue of this act, to the redemption of any lublifling debentures or capital stock, which shall be at or above par; the said commissioners are hereby authorized and required to apply the said monies to the purchase of any subsisting debentures or capital stock, at or above par, in the same manner and under the fame regulations and restrictions as are herein before provided, with respect to the purchase of debentures or capital stock below par.

XVI. And be it enacted, That out of the monies which shall by Cunmiiii-virtue of this act, be paid to the governor and company of the purclnhi'.m-bank of Ireland, and placed to the account of the said commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, the said commissioners shall and may from time to time, purchase any annuities for terms of years, which have been granted, or which hereafter may be granted in aid of any publick loan, for the use of the government of this kingdom.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Cimaiiflnn-be lawful for the said commiiTmners, if they shall think it expe- foiKmmls client at any time between the end of any quarter, and the first iS^emum" day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the or »r.nuitie«, end of Aich quarter, to subscribe any of the monies which shall ;,tj, Jr. ‘ have been placed to their account, at the end of such quarter, and also all such monies as shall be placed to their account by virtue of this act, during the remainder of the then current year, computed as by this act directed towards any publick loan, to be raised by virtue of any publick act or acts of parliament, upon debentures or perpetual annuities, subject to redemption only at par, for which the said appropriated.fund shall be security.

1

258 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XVIII. Provided always, That the loan to'which fuclv subscrip-. '797' tion shall be made shall bear the fame fate of interest with some principal sum secured by debenture or capital stock, then subsist-rioviJclfuci. ing, and that the amount of the capital stock or fecufity by delimit t'i'uLl Cure, to be given for every sum of one hundred pounds, to be subscribed, shall be estimated according to the market price of in,» flock, such subsisting debentures or (lock, at the time of such sub-

and amount r

estimated at icnptlOl).

market |incj.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the right honourabl the speaker The speaker.

chancellor of of the home ot commons, the right honourable the chancellor ol

SEc- liie exchequer, the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant, or other

countant gen. c],}ef governor or governors of this kingdom, the accomptant ge-

bankSoilrr- neral of the revenue, and the governor of the hank of Ireland,

edeommif"shall be commissioners for carrying into execution the purposes of

sioners, 4 of tins' ad," and that all powers and authorities which the said com-whom may 1 . 1

exerciscall missioners arc or may be enabled or required to exercise, by the powers. &c. prepent ()r any julure act or acts of parliament, shall and may be exercised by any number not less than four of the said commissioners.

Commissi-

XX. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall be, employ clerks and they are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such clerks, and officers; an(| other officers as shall -be necessary, and that all proceedings

and proceed- # , *'

logs dull be whatever to be had by or before the said comniiflioiiers, shall be cnicicd. 1

entered m proper books.

Order of

XXI. And be it enacted, That the order of flie said coinmifli-ik.il! be an- oners shall at anytime, be a sufficient authority to the governor bank ro kluc al>d company of the bank of Ireland,- for issuing and paying any money; . part of the money to be vested in the said commissioners, in the

personni-. manner-herein directed; and such peison or persons as shall, from comniiffi- timeto time, be nominated and appointed by the said commissioners, may . oners,- to make the purchases of publick debts and annuities, on fers?and"S the account of the said commissioners, for the use of the publick, rocmVTc. aQd for l*ie Pul'P°^es of this act, is and are hereby authorized and enabled to accept the transfer of any flock or annuities to be purchased in the manner herein before directed, and to make the payments for the Tame to the persons from whom the same shall lie purchased, and to give or accept alb the necessary receipts and acquit--tances on the part of the said commissioners.

Suchnomi-

XXII. Provided always, That Inch nomination and appoint-noiificdlo^ ment, shall from time to.'time, be notified to the governor and bank. company of the bank of Ireland, under the' hands of the said commissioners.

2

5the thirty-seventh Year of George III. 259

XXIII. Ami it. is hereby further enacted, That accounts flail A. I), be made up to the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, by 1797-th.e governor and company of the bank of Inland, of all sums whatever which shall have been paid to the said governor and coni'- Amumu pany, or carried in their books to the account of the said commit- quo"" ftoners for the purposes of -this act, and also of all debentures and Jr'"‘ ftims of principal or capital stock of publick annuities, which in if-k;_pursuance of this or any other act within the year, comprehended liau-diniiic in the said account, shall have been redeemed'or paid off by the :lcco""li' laid commissioners, together with the interest accruing thereupon, and also of the annual amount and particulars of any annuities for the years, the terms of which have expired, all annual interest reduced, or amount of annuities payable in respect of capital stock laved by means of any sum raised for that purpose, bearing a lower interest,-before or within the year to the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year after the passing of this act, Hating separately the accounts which are hereby teqtiired to be kept separate, in consequence of any future loan or loans, which accounts the said gover- accounts to nor and company are hereby required to lay before both houses of Parliament, on or before the first clay of February, immediately of r1'1'3-foilowing, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if'Parliament iiCi>c 1 Fib. shall not be then fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencciqcnt of the then next session of Parliament.’ ’ commence;

' o' . luf-t of fcl*

XXIV. And be it enacted, That limilar accounts of all the said lion.

several.particulars, and for the fame periculs, shall’also he prepared COvwiob£~

and laid before both houses of parliament within the same period

' ‘ 1 ,* *r' *' ' , 1 comnuflion*

by the saul commimoners, together also with an account of the ers, and laid, times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off any parts' of the publick debts and annuities, and an'account of the several prices

logoihcr with

paid for the iame> and of the whole expence attending the exccu- an account tion of the powers vested in them by this. aft. cLfiing, unit

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That duplicates of the said accounts shall be laid ai the same time before the commis- offaiitnc-sioners of impress. accounts, who are hereby authorized and rc- ^"before* quired to proceed to the examination thereof, immediately after die end of the session of Parliament in which (iich accounts shall have accounts, been so laid before the two houses of Parliament, after which examination by the said commissioners of impress accounts, fuclt accounts shall be further proceeded upon and finally determined to all intents and purposes, in like form and manner as is and by law ought to be practised in the! case of accounts for monies issued at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by way of imprest and up- 1

on account.

3 T 2

260

A.D. 1797.Chap. 27.

C ll'icrr> of Inns: to give iVeuruy ior tru/l li-Jicby repofid.

l.ordj of treniury rmy discharge incidental charges, as diitdted by lord lieutenant out of consolidntcil fund;

and may appoint allowances to ca-Jliiers, &c. such allowances to be for officers of bank, and to be disposed of by governor and company only.

Persons who act or affill in forging ot altering Certificates, or orders ior payment, shall fuller death.

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That that the cashier or ealhiers of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall give fe-ct'iity to the good liking of the said commissioners for duly performing the trull hereby in him or them re-poled.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That out of the said consolidated fund, the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being shall have power, and they are hereby authorized a-.id inquired in each and evtiv year, to discharge all such incidental charges not hereby otherwise provided for, as shall necclliuily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as shall he directed from time to time by the krd lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and also with the consent of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to settle and appoint such allowances as shall he proper for the service, pains and labour of the said cadiier or ealhiers, and any other person or persons, other than the said commissioners, for performing the trust hereby re-posed in him or them, all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the services, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall be for the life anti benefit of the said company, and at their disposal only.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge or counterfeiter caul’e or procure to lie forged or counterfeited,or shall wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting. any certificate or certificates, order or orders made forth by virtue of this act, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, orpresent for payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterieited, or altered certificate or certificates, order or orders, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, then and in every such case, all and every such person and persons being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and ffiail fuller death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CHAP.

fie thlrty-fe’osnth Year of George III.

361 A.D.

>797-

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to I-Irs Majesty a Duty on Auctions, on certain Manufactures of Gifs, and on Paper Hangings; and for grantingfurther Ditlkson the Importation of Corks, Glauber Salts, and Paper Hangings; and a further Duty on Licenses to keep Malt-houses, and for securing the Duties granted on Hides and Skins, tanned with Shumack, and dressed in Oil; and for granting certain Sums out of the Surplus of the consolidated Fund, for Salaries to the Prefejfors of Italian, French, German, and Spanish, Languages, in Trinity College, Dublin, and for granting certain Duties, and additional Duties to be levied by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties.

TOWARDS railing the supply granted to his Majesty; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, one thoefand seven hundred and nmety-seven, until the twentyrCfth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, indufive, and no longer, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdTors, for every twenty shillings.of the purchase money arising ot payable by virtue of any sale at auction in this kingdom, of any intered, in possession or reversion, in any freehold, or leasehold lands, tenements, houses or hereditaments, and of any annuities, or sums of money charged thereon; and of any utensils of hulhandry and farming dock, ships and vessels, and all wines, sugars, spirits, hops, and all other articles of merchandize, of what nature or kind soever, imported into this kingdom, and fold in the TefpelUyc parcels or packages in which fame shall be so imported, or of any plate or jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum ot fuel) purchase money, to be paid by the auctionier, factor, or feller by commission, the sum of three pence; and for every twenty shillings of il>e purchase money arising, or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in this kingdom, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books* horsesj and carriages*,* and all other goods and chittels whatsoever, and so in pro. portion for any greater or less sum of fu-h,purchase money, to be paid by the autTionier, agent, factor, or feller by commission, the sum of six pence; for and upon every glass bottle, which shall be made or manufactured in this kingdom, of common bottle metal, the fame not being phials, for every quart fuel* bottle shall be reputed to contain, the sum of one farthing, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not lefa than one pint, which such bottle shall be computed to contain, the same to be paid by the maker or makers of such bottles'; and for every squareyanl of paper, which shall be printed, painted, or ftuined in this kingdom, to serve for hangings, or other uses, and so in proportion for any greater quantity, to be paid by the printer, painter, or stainer thereof* the,sum of one penny; and for and upon every, licensc to any person to fell by auction within the district of the metropolis, the sum of twenty shillings 5 and far and upon every licensc, to

Vol. XVIII.

3 U

fell

262 'the shirtyseventh Year of George III.

ftril by au-liwi in any other part of this kingdom, the sum of ten shillings; aim for ;'.:ul upon every license to any maker of glass bottles, and other vesselj, or / 97* uical’Is made of common bottle metal, the sum of twenty shillings*

Chap.2 S. If. Ami for the better securing the payment of the duties by this act imposed on v——> auction i, be it enacted, That from and after the Grfl day of May, one tiiouCnnl (';ven hundred and iiinety-seven, no person, whatever, shall exercise the trade or business of an auctionier, or feller by commission, at any sale of any estate good?, or effects whatsoever, by outcry, linucking.down of hammer, by candle, by lot, by parcel, or by any other mode of file at auction, nr whereby the highest bidder is deem:d to be the purchaser, or who Hull aft. in such capacity) shall deal in, vend, or fell any estate, goods, or efiefts whatsoever, by publick sale or otli.i-wife, by way of auction, in any manner whatsoever, without having taken out a license for thatpurpofo, from the collector of the district in which he shall be resident, in which license fiudibc set forth the true name, and real place.of abode, of the person or persons taking out the fame, for which he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay the duty, by this act payable thereon, over arid befulcs. any other duties or.payments to which such persons may be liable for trading in, vending or selling any gold, or silver plate, or otherwise, together with one shilling in the pound, of the duty payable on such license, as a fee to the collector for granting the fame; and if any person shall vend, or fell by way of auction as afuref.iid, without first taking out such license, such person shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of ‘May, one thousand seven hundred and-ninety-ftven, the respective-rates and duties of three pence, and six-pence by this act imposed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be a charge upon every auctionier, or feller by commission, immediately from and after the knocking down of the hammer, or other doling of the bidding at every sale, ‘ by way of auction; and that the rates and duties so. charged, shall be paid by every fudt auctionier, or feller, by commission, in manner, and at the times herein after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall restrain any auc-tionier, or feller by auction, from making it a condition of sale, that the pound rate granted by-this act, or any portion thereof, 'shall be paid by the purchaser ever and above the price which shall have been bidden at such auction, and in such case the auctionict is hereby required to demand payment of the said duty from such purchaser, or such portion thereof as shall be expressed in such condition and agreement, and upon the neglect or r cfuf.il to.such purchaser to pay the said duty, such bidding at -such auction shall be void.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, determine, or made void any other condition or agreement whatsoever, between any buyer, or feller by auction, or any other person touching the payment of any of the rates hereby imposed, so as the fame do not extend to the lessening or abatement of the full sum appointed by this act to be raised and paid.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, -one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, every person acting as auctionier, as aforesaid, ax any publick fide, or auction, within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, or within Gx miles of the caffle of Dublin, shall, at the time of receiving the.liceiifo, give security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of twe hundred pounds, with two or more fuflidient furefies, which security the coHcflor of the district is hereby authorized and empowered to take, that he-will, within twenty-eight days after each and every sale by -way of auction, deliver at the office of the.collector.of excise in Dublin, an exact and particular account in writing,

3 «tf

The tbbiy-Jcventh Year of George III.

of the total amount of the money bid at each sale, and of the several articles, loh, oj parcels, which shall have been there fold, and the price of cadi and every fuclt t.rricfc, lot, or parcel, and at the same time make payment of all such sum ami 1 797

lV.ms of money as Hull be due and payable to his blajedy. in pursuance of, and Chap. 2 8.

:.*:cording to the true intent and meaning of this act, which sum or films of money 1^ ].: is hereby authorized and empowered to retain out of the produce arising by such l'.Ie or deposite made at such salt*, or otherwise recover the fame by action of debt, or on the case against the person or persons by whom such an :tiot\ier shall be employed, or on whose account such goods shall be so fold; and every person so acting a- auLlionier, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, if aii’>. when the goods shall have been delivered by the auctionicr or his cleric, shall make oath to the truth of each and every such account, before the commissioners of excise, or one of them, or before such person as the said commissioners of excise shall appoint to receive the same, and when the goods so fold have been delivered by the proprietor, or his'clerk, fuchpropiietor, or his clerk, shall give in, on oath, to the collector of excise, within ten days after the sale, an exact account of the amount of such goods, and also, within the said space of ten days, fumifli the auctionicr with a true copy of such account, and if he shall neglect or refuse'to give in such account, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; which o.ith the said collector* or any fub-commissioners of excise in the said district, is hereby authorized and empowered to ndminifl.cn and in case the nuftionier giving such bond,

shall neglect to deliver in his account, or to make payment of thcrates and duties as herein directed, or if it shall appear that the account delivered in by such ?.ufti-onier, was not a true and just account, or that fitch auctionicr had acted contrary to the true intent am! meaning of such bond, and of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioneTs of excise to catxfc such boud to be put in fuir, unless they shall find fuificienrcause to forbear the fame, and thereupon, in case of a "verdict, or judgment against the defendant, such iicenfe shall thenceforth become void, to rill intents and purposes.

VII. , And be it further e.nfted, That each and every person so acting as'afore-fald, at every such publick auction in any part of this kingdom not within the It-‘inits of tile district of the metropolis of Dublin, or within fix miles of the castle of Dublin, shall, at the time of receiving such Ircenfc as aforesaid, give fccuriry by bond as aforesaid, in the sum of fifty pounds, which fccuriry shall be‘taken by the collector of the district, in which such person shall be resident, in like ..tianner as is herein before mentioned and directed, with regard to the bonds to be given within the district of the metropolis, and within fix miles of the castle of Dublin, that he will within six weeks after every sale by auction, deliver in an exact and particular account, in manner as is herein before required to be delivered b‘y persons felling by auction, within the district of the metropolis and within fix miles of the castleof Dublin, and shall at the same time make payment of all such Turn and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, for and on account of each and every file, by way of auction, by him made, from time to time, within such six weeks respectively, and all the powers, directions, penalties, and ’forfeitures, herein beforre prescribed or contained, for the better levying and lecur- iit-Tj or accounting for the said rates or duties, within the district of the metropolis,

and within fix miles of the Castle of Dublin, (h ill* be obfevved in all other parts of this kingdom, as if the fame were again particularly repeated and rc-en-acted.

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the fai! first day of May, onithousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, every nuftionier or fellet by co.n* mission, felling by auction within the metropolis, or within fix miles of the C. 4lt?e of Dublin, shill, tv/o dry; at leift, bifore hi, di*, or they d> begin a.iy fit?

3 U a by

164 The thirty-sevenib Year of George III. A.D. 1797.Chap. sS.

by way of auction, deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector of excise in tlu ci'jr of Dublin, a notice in writing signed by such auctionier specifying in fuclt notice die particular day when such sale of auction is to begin and shall at the same time, or within tv. ciuy-four hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered to the person to be appointed ae aforesaid, a written or printed catalogue, attested and signed by such nuctionier or his known clerk, in which catalogue shall be particularly expressed and enumerated each and every article, lot, parcel 2nd tiling, by such atnflionicr intended to be sold at such auction and every auctionier felling by auction in any part of this kingdom, not within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the Castle of Dublin shall at lead three days before lie, stir, or they do begin any file by way of auction, deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector of excise in whose district such file is intended to be, or at the office -.of excise in such district, next to the place where such sale is intended to be, a like notice in writing, signed by such auctionier, specifying therein the particular day when such sale is to begin, and shall at the same time, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered to such collector, or at such office of excise, next to the place where such sale is intended to be as aforesaid, a written or printed catalogue, atteUcd and signed by such auctionier or Ins known clerk, in winch catalogue shall be particularly expressed and enumerated, each and every article, lot, parcel, and thing, by such auctionier intended to be sold at such auction, and If any such auclionier, Hull fell any estate, goods, or effects, by way of auction, without delivering the notices and catalogues herein before required to be delivered, or shall at any such sale fell any estate, goods or e(lefts, not particularly expressed or enumerated in such catalogue, every such auctionier shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That every auctionier who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any such notice or catalogue for a sale by auftiou, within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the Castle of Dublin, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, or intended sale, shall, within twenty-eight days after the day specificdin such notice as the particular day when such sale by auflion was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the collector of excise of the city of Dublin, a declaration in writing, setting forth whether or not any sale by way ofauftion had been, or was opened or begun under such notice or any article, lot, parcel, or tiling contained in such catalogue was paid for, or sold at such nuftion, and such auctionier or person acting as his clerk, as aforesaid, shall make oath to the truth of such declaration before such collector, or any fub-commissioner of excise in the said district, which oath such collector and every such fub-commissioner of excise is hereby authorized and empowerd to admimfler j and that every auctionier who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered any such notice or catalogue for a sale by auction in any other part, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale or intended sale, shall, within six weeks after the day sperified in such notice, as the particular day when such sale by auction was to be made, deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector of excise, in whose district such sale lud been, or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, in manner as is herein before required, with respect to persons felling by auction within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the Castle of Dublin, to be verified in like manner, on pain that every auctionier shall, for every neglect or refusal of delivering* such declaration, verified in the manner herein before prescribed, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

X And whereas it may sometimes happen that Tales at auction of efiates or goods may be rendered null and void, by reason that the person - for whose benefit the same shall be fold, had no title to, or no right to dispose of the

time,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 265

lame, be it enacted, That if any sale by auction of any estate, goods, or chattels, A.D.

shall be rendered void by reason that the person for whose benefit the fame was 1797.

fold had no title to the fame, or no right ro dispose thereof, then, and in Chap. 28.

every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the auftioiuer who paid the du-

ty for the thing so fold, or for the person for whole benefit the fame was so

fold, to by his, her, or their complaint before the chief commUfioners of excise,

and the said commissioners of excise, upon' such complaint to them made, by,

or on the behalf of such auctionier, or by, or on the behalf of the person for

whose benefit the fame was fold, shall, and are hereby required to hear and

determine all such complaints, and examine the witness'es upon oath, which shall be produced, as well on behalf of the party making such complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties, which oath they have hereby

power to administer, and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve die party

so complaining, of so much of his, her, or their respective payments, as lha!

be so made out before them to hare been over paid, any thing in this statute to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That such complaint shall be laid within twelve calendar months after such sale, if the sale shall be rendered void, as aforesaid, within that time, or if the sale shall not be rendered void, as aforesaid, within that time, then such complaint shall be laid within three months after the difenvery of the person for whose benefit any such estate, goods, or chattels, was or were fold, having no title to the fame, or no right to dispose thereof, and no such complaint shall be laid, or any relief given thereupon, unless such complaint shall be laid within the time herein before in that behalf prescribed.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the real owner of any estate, goods, or e.Tests put up to sale by way of auction, shall become the purchaser, by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other person on his behalf, or for his use, at such sale, without fraud or coliufion, then, and in such case, the respective collectors of excise are hereby authorized and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties arising by this act upon such bidding, provided notice be given to the auctionier before such bidding, both by the owper and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale, for the use and behoof of the feller j and provided such notice be verified by oath of theauctionier, as also the fairness and Teality of the transaction, to the btft of his knowledge and belief; and in case any dispute shall arise, whether such purclmfc by the owner was not made by coliufion, or in order to lessen the full sum appointed by this act to be paid, or concerning the fairness of such transiiclion, then, and in such cases, the proof thereof shall lie upon the person acting as auctionier, and on failure therein, or in case of any unfair practice, then no such allowance shall be made as aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no such allowance shall be made, unless notice in writing, signed by the owner, and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale for the use and behoof of the feller, (ha)I have been given to the aucHonier before such bidding, nor unless such delivery of such notice shall be verified upon the oath of the auctionier, as also the fairness of the transaction, to the belt of his knowledge.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to any sale or falcs, by way of auflion, of estates or chstttfs made by any rule, order, or decree of his Majesty's court of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, b.forc any maf-

Vcl. XVIII. 3 X t?r

2^6 The thirty-ffoenth Year of George III.

A.D.

ter in Chancery, or the remembrancer of the court of Exchequer, or his deputy, o: 1by order of his Majesty's commissioners for the duties of customs or excise, or by vliap. 28. or^cr of the board of ordnance 5 nor to the Tale by aullion of any goods distr.'i-ied —'~\~*J for rent, or for non-payment of tithes, any thing herein before to the contrary noi-withstanding.

XV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to any auc-.tion to be held for the Tale or Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of any mines, or quarries, or any contrail relating thereto, or to the cutting or working of tly: fame, or to the file of any materials used in the working of such mines or quarries, respectively, or to the sale of any cattle, and live or dead flock, or unmanufactured produce of land, so as such sale or sales -of woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, cattle, corn, flock or produce -of land, be made whilst they continue on the lands producing the fame, and by the owner or owners of such lands, or proprietor or proprietors of or adventurer or adventurers in such mines or quarries, respectively, or by his or their steward or agent, fte wards or agents, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That all goods whatsoever, woven or fabricated in the loom *in this kingdom, which shall be fold entire in die piece or quantity in which, the fume were taken from the loom, and in lots, each lot whereof shall be of the price of ten pounds sterling, or upwards, shall and may be foIJ, by publick sale, by way of aullion, in lots as aforesaid, for or on the account of the manufacturers or first purchasers thereof, respc lively, by any person duly lieenfed to exercise the trade or business of an auctionier, but not otherwise, free of the said duty; provided also, that no person shall be exempted from the payment of the said duty, f:r ordn respect of any such goods, fold byway of auction, unless such sale shall be carried on in some warehouse, room or place, whereof a true and particular entry in writing shall have been made with the proper officer, at the next-oflice of excise, within the limits where such ware-room or place shall be situated, and unless such goods shall be openly shewn, and exposed at-the time and place of such sale.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every person airing as aulrionic.* at every such puWick sale, say-way of auction, as aforesaid, shall, betides the aforesaid bond directed to be given on receiving his liceirfc, give further security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of forty pounds, with two more sureties, which security the collector of the distrilt is hereby authorized and impow-cred to take, conditioned that he will within fourteen days after such sale at auction of any goods woven or -fabricated in the loom as aforesaid, deliver at the office of -excise within such distrilt, a true, exalt and particular account in writing, of the fereral lots and parcels of such goods, which shall have been fold,- the amount of the money hid it such sale, and the price of each lot or parcel; and further, that lit wilUnot at any time, knowingly offer or put up for sale, or fell at aullion, any piece-goods or other goods woven or fabricated in the loom out of this kingdom, or any goods woven or fabricated in the loom in this kingdom, which shall not be offered or put up for sale or fold entire in the piece or quantity in which the fame were taken from the loom, and in lots, as aforesaid, for or on account of the manufac-.tnreror first purchaser thereof, without charging for every twenty-shillings of the ptirchafe-money thereof tlu said duly, according to the rules and directions of this act 5 and that he will not bj concerned in any untrue or fraudulent contrivance or device, with intent to fell any piece goods, or other goods woven or fabricated hi the loom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this all.

XVIII. And be it enacted, that ia ca e it d ull appear that the party entering into 'such bond, h.’.th ailed contrary to the true intent and manning of such bond, ami of

this

The thirty-seventh Year of George II'i.

ilits prefc.it act, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise to cause every i^ich J\ bond to be put in suit.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be con- Q,

strued to extend to charge with the said rate or duty any estate, goods, or chattels *_.

sold at auction, under the authority of any fliorilT or umler-flicriff, for the benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgment, or any cflate or effects of bankrupts, sold by order of the assignee or assignees, under any commission of bankruptcy, or any goods imported into this kingdom by way of merchandize, from any 1'ritish colony or plantation in America, the fame being of the growth, produce, or manu-failure of any of such colonics or plantarious, on the first sale of such good-*-, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the fame were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the custom-house at the port of importation, so as hich sale be made within twelve months after such goods shall be so imported, or such goods as are now imported free of duly, and all goods for dyers use, nor to any Chips or their tackle, apparel and furniture, or the cargoes thereof, winch may be taken and condemned as prize, which shall be fold in tins kingdom, by or for the bene.it of the captors thereof, nor to charge with the said rate or duty any :ps or goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the coalls of this kingdom, or damaged on board any ship or vdfirl, and sold by auction for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be fold free of duty, to defray the charges of salvage, nor to charge with the said rate or duty any goods damaged by fire, and sold by order of and for the benefit of the said insurers of such goods, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And for more effectually preventing frauds which may be practised by auc-tioniers felling estates, goods or chattels, under the authority of lhcrifls, or their under-sheriffs, or under the order and dirc£Uon of the assignees under any com. million of bankruptcy^ belt enabled, That every auctionier who shall fell at auction any estates, goods or chattels, seized for the benefit of any creditor, by or under the authority of any sheriff -or fhcrifls, in execution of any judgment hud and obtained, shall specify and enumerate in the catalogue by him to be delivered under the directions of this act, the particular estates and effects to be sold, and also the exact sum to be levied under such execution \ and the fhsriffor under-flierilf shall, and they are hereby required to subscribe and sign every such catalogue, and to certify at the foot thereof that ail and every the estates, goods, and effects in such catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly the property of the person against whom such judgment was had and obtained, and that the fame, and every part thereof,were actually seized in execution of the fame judgment, and every auttionier who shall be employed by the assignees under any commission of bankruptcy, to fell the effects of any bankrupt, shall likewise specify and enumerate in ihc catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular goods and efiefts then to be sold, and the assignees, or the assignee, if only one, under such commission, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to subscribe and lign such catalogue, and to certify at the foot thereof, that all and every the estates, goods, chattels, and effecti! in such catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly the property of the bankrupt at the time of suing Torth the said commission, and every such catalogue, so signed and certified, as sforef.iid, shall be produced by every such nucticnier to the person to whom such uufUonier is by tins aft directed to deliver his account, before such auctioneer shall he permitted to pass his account, or to have the fame allowed; and if any flieri.T, under-fiieriff, assignee or assignees, reflectively, shall infort, or fuller, or permit to by jiiferted in any such catalogue, so to be subscri'.el, fgned and ceriifc.*'.!, ac aforesaid,

a68

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

nn)r estate> goods, chattels, or effects whatsoever, other than such as wore really and truly the nronertv of the debtor or debtors.- bankruut or bmk-

iCiiuy minim miy ianc tutu u./ ui» ibvu.u, tuvu <mu m nuj tueu e.nu uie ^Ally offending shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every auctionier who shall be employed to fell any goods damaged by fire, sold by order of, and for the benefit f the insurer or in-furers of such goods, shall specify and enumerate in the catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular goods then to be sold, and the insurers, or the in furer, if only one, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to subscribe and sign such catalogue, and to certify at the foot thereof, that all and every the goods in such catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly fold for the benefit of such insurer or insurers, which catalogue so signed and certified as aforesaid, shall be produced by every such auctionier to the person to whom such auctionier is by tins act to deliver his account, before such auctionier shall be permitted to pass his account, or to have the fame allowed; and if such insurer or insurers respectively, shall insert or suffer, or permit to be inserted in any such catalogue to be subscribed, signed, and certified as aforesaid, any goods whatsoever, other than such as were really and truly to be sold for the benefit of him or them, as aforesaid, or if any insurer or insurers shall omit or Jicgleft to certify in such catalogue the true particular of the goods to be sold, then, and in every such case th c party nffending shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

X\TF. And for the better securing the payment of the duties by this act imposed on gl ifs bottles, be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thou-ijiul f-:ven hundred and ninety-seven, no maker of bottles, made of common bottle met:!, shall make any such bottles without having taken out a license for that purpose, from the collector of the district in which the glass-house or work-house in which such bottles shall be made shall be situate, in which license shall be set forth the true flame and real place of abode of the person or persons taking out the fame, and the pfece in which such glass-house or work-house shall be situated, for which he, flic, or they shall, upon taking out such liceufe, pay for every license so to be taken out, from time to time, the duty by this act payable thereon, together with one shilling in the pound of the duty payable on such license, as a fee to the collector for granting the fames and if any person shall make any glass made of common bottle metal, as aforesaid, without having taken out such license, such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninpty-seven, every person who shall keep a g|afs-house for making of bottles of common bottle metal, shall, once in every month, make a true entry in writing, at the e;<cife office for the district in which such ghfs. Itoufe flufl-bc, of the number of bottles, and the denomination thereof, with respect to the quantities of liquor they shall be reputed to be capable of containing, made within such month, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect of such entry, the sum of one hundred pounds, and every such entry shall be made upon oath, or, in case of a quaker, upon solemn affirmation of the person or persons, or one of them, who shall keep such glass-house, or of his, her, or their chief workman, or clerk employed in conducting the making of bottles, or in the keeping of an account of the bottles made therein, according to the belt of his, her, or their knowledge or be-

lief;

The thirty-sevenlb Year of George III. 26

lief; which oaths or affirmation shall and may he adinmiilcicd by the coileclor cr jy

surveyor of cxrife of the district within which such gl.:fi-house fltr.ll ue, without any fee or charge for the fame. Chan S

XXIV. And be it ctia&ed, That every person who all keep any such glass-house, asoforesaid, Audi, from time to time v.ithin a foitnight after lie, ll c, or they flnll hive made, or ought to have made such entry, as aforesaid, pay mil cleir off all tile duties for all such bottler, as shall lure been mare within such month a-- alnresaid Upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein the turn of one hundred pounds, ami douole the amount of the duty whereof the payment shall not he to made, and that no such person after such def. ult in payment made, Until fell, deliver, ov carry out any such bottles, umil he or flic hath paid and cleared off all duty due as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting double the value of the bottles so fold, delivered, or carried out.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of his Mr.jriU’s revenue, once in every month upon producing a written order for that purpose, signed by the collector of the district in which any such glass-house shall he situated, to require such maker of glass made of common bottle metal, or his clerk or manager, who shall keep any account of the quantity of bottles made in such glass-house, to shew and produce lo such olEcer all such books of account as shall contain any entry of the number of all or any such bottles as shall be made from common bottle metal, in such glass-house, or of any transa&ious from which the number of such bottles made in such glass -house shall appear, and such maker of bottles or his clerk or manager shall suffer such officer to inspect the fame, and compare the ac-(oimt returned by such maker of bottles, to the collect or therewith, and if such maker of such bottles, or his clerk, manager or servant, shall not, upon such demand made, shew and produce to such officer, all such books, as aforesaid, and suffer him to inspe'H and examine the fame j every such maker of such bottles shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted, Tint the duty by this act imposed upon all common bottles, which shall be made in this kingdom, for which such duty shall have been paid, shall be rep; id and allowed upon all such bottles as shall have been exported a3 merchandize, to foreign part*.

XXVII. And be it cnaGed, That it shall and may be lawful for any person who fr.all have actually paid t e duty hereby charged upon bottles, and for any other person who shall 1 uy or be entitled to such bottles from the person who paid the said duty, to export, from any port within this kingdom, such bottles, by way of merchandize, upon the terms and according to the directions herein after mentioned, that is to say, the person intending to export such bottles shall give twelve hours notice, if within the limits of the port of Dublin, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in tins kingdom, of his intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such bottles, and of the time and place, when aijd where the fame is intended to bj packed up, to the proper officer, and such officer shall attend to fee such bottles packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such o beer, ami iii.dl be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such leal or mark, or Urals or narks, and in such manner as the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall direct and if any person shall open such package, or wilfully dellroy or deface such hr.:l or mark, or seals or marks, save and except the officer of excise at the port of evyr.rr liion as herein after mentioned, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of iwnty pounds for every such offence, and the officer or officers who saw the said Lou les packed up, shall take an account of the kind and quantities of the bcnlo so iiiieii'kd to be exported, and make a return thereof to the collector of the tiiuiic’. at the p.u of exportation, without any fee or rewind.

Vji. xv’;. 3Y

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if the person or persons so intending to pack up such bottles shall not begin and proceed to pack up the fame at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour after such time, then fitch notice shall be void, and such person or persons so intending to pack up such bottles shall give a fresh notice to such officer or officers, of the time and place, when and where such bottles arc in.

tended to be packed up, in order to be exported, and the person or persons so in* tended to export such bottles, shall also give fx hours notice of the time and place of shipping thereof, unto the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and fee the fame put on fliipr.card; and the exporter of such bottles shall also, before the shipping of the fame, give sufficient securityin tre-

ble the value of the duty intended to be drawn lack, that the particular quantity of bottles, so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, dial) be shipped ami exported, and shall not be unflupped, unloaded, or laid on land, or pur on board any ship or veil'd in this kingdom, flnpwreek, or other unavoidable accident except* Cd; which security the officer of excise of the port where Inch bottles Diall be exported is hereby directed to take, in his Majvfly’s name, and to his Majesty's use; and fuel* exporter shall make oath that he believes the duty upon such bottles had been fully paid, and that such bottles arc the fame that are described-in the account sent as aforesaid, by the officer in whose prefcncc the fame were packed, to the officer attending the . flopping, which oath the collector, or any officer appointed by the fiud chief commissioners for taking affidavits, is hereby authorized to administer; and :uch surveyor or other officer aforesaid, and the officer who attended the shipping of such bottles, being finished of the truth thereof, shall, within oae month after the exportation of such bottles, give the exporter, or his, her, cr their clerk or manager, a

certificate or debenture, expressing die quantities of the bottles so shipped, and that all the duties have been paid in respect of the fame,* and that security hath been given before the shipping of the fame, for the due exporting- thereof, and such certificate or debenture being produced to the eollc&or of the port from which the bot-

: tics were exported', he shall forthwith out of any money in his hands, pay or allow . the person so exporting the fame, or his o'r heragent,! the'drawback or allowance by this ntt given or allowed by the exportation of such-bottlcs.

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the officer attending the ship. ping of such bottlcs, if he thinks it-necessary,* to opeivor examine the func at the poTt of exportation, in order that lie may be. satisfied that such bottles are the fame

that are described.in the account sent to him by the officer in whose presence such . bottles were packed; provided also, that if after the security any such bottles and; the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to-obtain a drawback or- allowance of; the duty before paid in fclpeft thereof, the fame bottles, or any part thereof, shall vbc unflupped, unladen, or laid on land, or put Jntuany.other fltip.or vessel in this kingdom, shipt-wrcck, or other unavoidable accident excepted, that then and iu every such case, over and above the penalty-of the bond which shall be levied end

recovered to Iris Majesty's use, all the bottles which shall be so unshipped, unloaded

or laid.rttl-JandfOr. put- into any other ship or vesselw/ithiiv tfiis kingdom, fldp-. wreck, or other unavoidable accident excepted, iJ.all be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

XXX.' And to secure the duty on paper to serve for hangings and other uses, be it enacted, That from and after the.’first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-Cevcn,- no-person 'shall paint, print, or flam any paper in this kingdom, as ‘aforesaid, for sale or not for sale, unless he or she shall have given notice in writing to die collector of excise of the distrifl: in which such paper shall be printed, i ' painted,

The thirlj-sevenib Year if George III. 271

painted, or fuined, of his or her name ami fumame ami place of abode, and of A. 0. every place where such person shall print, paint, or (lain inch paper, or shall keep 17Q7. any paper before he or Ihc shall print, paint, or (lain the fame, ami if any person 28.

ihal) print, paint, or (lain any paper as aforesaid, chargeable with the f till duty, '

without having given such notice, as aforesaid, or flr.ll print, piinr, or Haiti any paper, or keep any paper, either before or after the same shall be printed, painted, or ftuined, in any place of which such notice shall not have been given, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit twenty pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, Th u every officer of cscifc, shall, at all times, by day or by night, and if in tl:e night, then in the presence of a constable, or other ollicer of the peace, he permitted, upon his or their request, to enter into the lioitfe, v/ork-house, w.ire-kmife, or other place belonging to, or 11 fed by any person or persons vl.o shall print, paint, or (lain any paper for hangings, or other uses as aforesaid, ' and to take a jull account of the kinds and quantities of all paper which shall have been printed, painted or stained by such person or persons, from time to time, and of all paper for which, under the provisions of this act, such person or persons, shall be chargeable with the said duties, am! shall thereof make a report in writing, to the collector of the dUrid, leaving a true copy, if demanded, of such report in writing, under his hand, with or for the persons who shall print, paint, or (lain such p tper respectively, or b^chargeable with such duty, and such report or return of the olicer or officers shall be a charge upon the persons who shall print, paint or (lain paper, as aforesaid, respectively, and if such officers shall refuse or neglect to giro, or Ica.e a t.ne copy of his report in writing at the time of taking such account, being demanded, as aforesaid, every such ollicer for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, to every such maker or person, respectively.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, every person who shall print, paint, or (lain any paper In this kingdom, to serve for hangings, or other uses, dial], once in every fortnight, nuke a true entry in writing, at the excise*office for the district in which he or she shall refule, of all the paper by him, her, or them printed, painted or stained, within such fortnight, respectively, which entries shall contain the just quantities thereof, on pain to forfeit for every neglect of such entry, the sum of frtv pounds, which entries shall be made upon oath, or in case of n qunker, upon so-lcmn affirmation, of the printer, painter, or stainer of Au lt paper, or of Ins, her, or their chief workman, or servant, employed in ti e printing, painting, or (taming such paper, according to the bell of his, her, or their knowledge or belief, which oaths or aff.rmations shall anil may be administered by the collector or fnrveyor of excite of the distrifl within which such printer, painter, or stainer of paper shall be rclident, without any fee or charge for the same.

XXXIII Anil be it enacted, That every person who shall print, paint, or (lain any paper in this kingdom, shall from time to time, within one month after he, flic, or they shall have made, or ought to have made such entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear of all the duties for all such paper as shall by them respectively he printed, painted, or stained, and for paper for which, under the provisions of this act, such person or persons shall be chargeable with the said duty, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein the Ann of ten pounds, and double the amount of the duty whereof the payment shall not be so made *, and that no such person, after such default in payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry om such printed, painted, or

stained paper, until he or (lie hath paid and cleared off all duty due as afar, said, upon pain to forfeit double the value of the paper so fold, delivered, or carried out.

XAXIV. And be it enacted,1 That from ami after the fitll day of May, one 3 Y 2 thousand

2 "2 The thirty-sevenib Year of George III.

A.D.

thousand seven hundretl and ninety-seven, before any such paper shall be primed, I 71; 7. pelted or stained, the officers of excise flinll be permitted to take accounts of the Chop. 28. quantities and dimensions of aii paper for printing, painting or flaimng, which at u-—v—any time or times shall be in t!ic custody or officlfion of any printer, painter, or ftaiucvof paper, and upon taking fttch accounts thereof, Aral! mark and ft.imp every sheet and piece thereof with a {tamp or fe.d, to be provided by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, thereby to denote that such acccount has been taken of such paper; and in case any o neer (hell miss any quantity or t uautities of such paper, whereof he hath taken such account, and shall not, upon demand, receive satisfaction, that the fame hath been disposed of in such manner as th.n his Majesty shall not be defr.iudjd of the d >ty thereon, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for such officer to charge such printer, painter, or shall’Ci of pap r, in the return to be made as aforesaid, with the duties of such paper so missing, as if the fame were actually printed, painted or stained.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the salt! first d.iy of May, cue :thousam! seven hundred and mnety-seven, every printer, paiimr, or stainer of pr.per in this kingdom, to serve for hangings and other ufea, before be, fhc, or they shall print, paint, or stain any piece of paper, or any sheet of paper, where a Angle fiiect of paper shall be printed, painted, or stained, Uiall produce and {hew such piece of paper, or fiiect of paper, to the proper officer of excise, and such officer shall take an account thereof, and in case such officer finds that every fiiect thereof i> marked or damped in manner uforefuid, he shall measure the fame, and mark such piece of paper, or sheet of paper, where a single (beet shall he primed, painted, or stained at both ends thereof, with a frame mark, denoting the measure thereof, and with such other number or mark as the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise shall direct; and in case any printer, pa'mler, or stainer of paper, ftia'J begin ta prim, paint, or stain any piece of paper, or fiiect of paper, where a single sheet of paper fl ail be printed, painted, Or"stained, before the same shall be measured or marked at both ends thereof, by the officer of excise, as by this act is directed, every such piece or sheet of paper shall be forfeited and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and the printer, painter, or stainer in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Ann of twenty pounds for every such niece of paper, or fiiect of paper, so printed, painted, or stained, withoui.hav. ing been menfured and marked as aforesaid.

XNXVl. And be it enacted, That all the piper, and all the materials and utenfih for the printing, painting, and Raining the eof, in the custody of any printer, painter,

; or stainer of paper, or of any pc fun or pci Tons, to the use of, or in trust for them, or any of them, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for paper printed, painted or llained, in arreap, and owing ‘.by such printer, painter, or stainer, for any paper printed, painted, or stained by 'him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their work-house, warc-house-or other plate,

-<uul shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such printer, painter, or stainer of-paper, or other perftm so using such work-house, or other place for any/iOence agnlnft this act, relating to the said duties on paper printed, painted, or stained; and it shall and m iv be lawful, in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and uf<- such proceedings as may be lawfully done in relation to pap. r, in case the debtor*, or offenders were the lawful owners of the same.

XXXVII. And whereas primers, painters, or Rainers of paper, may frequently have cccauoii to cut pi cc?. of paper printed, painted, or ft fined, into lemnants, or pairs for f.rnp!:s, or for other p irpaAs, be it citified, That when any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall be desirous of cutting any piece or p:et s of

a rapr«>

The thirtj~fecoci’.th Year of George III. 273

ppcr printed, painted, or (lained, into remnants or parts, such printer, painter,

every such piece or pieces of paper, and after having seen such piece or pieces of paper cut into remnants or parts, lli.dl damp or mark every such remnant or part ut each end thereof with inch (lamps or marks r.s the said commissioners of excise full from time to time dhecl, which (lamps or marks the (aid-commissioners are hereby authorized to provide for that purpose.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and mnety-ftven, as soon as any paper shall be printed, painted, or (lained, with any colour, or with any figure, the officer of excise shall take an account of the fame, and shall charge the duties for the fame, and shall (lamp or seal every piece of such paper, or every (licet, where any single sheet (liri! be printed, painted, or (lained, at both ends of every such piece or (beet with a (lamp or Teal, to denote that the duties have been charged thereon; and if any printer, painter, or fiainer of paper, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any piece or (licet of printed, painted, or (lained paper, before the same shall be taken account of, and stamped or sealed at both ends thereof by the officer, to denote the charging of the said duties, every such printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, and all such printed, painted, or (lained paper, so removed without being stamped or sealed by the officer, to denote the charging of the said duties, and found in the possessr.on of any dealer in printed, painted, or (lained paper, shall be forfeited, ami may bs seized by any officer for the faili duties.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every printer, painter, or stainer of any such paper, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep all the prper by him, her, or them, respectively, printed, painted, or (lained, and which shall not have been stamped and charged by the proper officer for the said duties, separate and apait from all other printed, painted, or (lained paper, which shall have been stamped and charged by such officer, on pain to forfeit for every default therein, the sum of fifty pounds.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hidden or concealed any printed, 'paint* ed, or (lained paper, or any paper marked for printing, painting, or (laming, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the duty thereon, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue'of excise shall provide proper frames, and such other numbers or marks as they shall think fit, to denote the measure of all pieces or (beets of paper printed, painted, or (lain*' ed, andproprr (lamps or seals, to denote the charging of the duties thereon, and shall cause such frames, numbers, and marks, and such (lamps and seals to be di* ftributed to the respective officers of excise, for the several purposes aforesaid *, and such officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using the fame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be to the paper to be so marked or stamped j and the said frames, numbers, and marks, and the said (lamps or seals to be provided in pursuance of this act, may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the' f,iid commissioners Dull from time to time think fits and if any person whatsoever shall at any time counterfeit cr forge any frame, number, or mark, used by any officer, in marking such paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the iir.pression of the

Vol. XVIII.

? Z

fame,

274 The thtrty-sevenih Year of George III.

P 2) fjmc» upon any paper to be printed) painted) or stained, every person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; ami if any person ivhofoev/.r, Hull at any time-counterfeit or forge any (lamp or foal to referable any stamp cr seal which shall be provided in purfu.mce of this act, to denote the charging the duties on paper printed, painted, or {lained in this kingdom, or shall counterfeit or referable the iinpression of the fame upon any paper printed, painted, or Haiti-id, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duties on such paper, printed, painted, or Rained, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, Hull be adjuJged a felon, and be transportcci far /even years; and in case any person shall at any time fell any such prinrej, oaimed, or (lained paper, with a counterfeit fiamp thereon, knowing the same to ha counterfeited) every fuih offender shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any printer, painter, or (lainer of paper, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut our, oblitrrarul, or defaced, the frame-mark, number, or mark, put in pursuance of this act, on any piece or sheet of paper, to denote the measure thereof, every such printer, painter, or (lainer of paper, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every piece of paper, or sheet of paper, on which the frame-mark, number, or mark so put, be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XLIII. And be it cnnfteJ, Tint if any printer, painter, or (lainer of paper, shall by any means or contrivance, with intent to defraud his Majesty of any duties upon such paper, affix upon any piece of paper, or sheet of paper primed, painted, or (lained, any frame-murk, or any (lamp or seal, which shall have been before affixed 0:1 any other piece of paper, or sheet of paper, printed, printed, or Jlained, then, and in every such case, every person so offending, shall for every fjch offence, forfeit the fu.n of fifty pounds; and every piece or sheet of such paper, whereupon such frame-mark, stamp, or seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed, shall be forfeited and seized.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall keep any paper, printed, painted, or stained, or to be printed, painted, or stained, marked with a framomark, denoting the -measure thereof, or with a stamp or seal denoting the charging of the duties thereon, or unmarked, with either such frame-mark, or such (lamp, in any warc-house, room, or place whereof no notice shall luve been g;v;n to the officer for the said duties on paper printed, painted, or stained; and if any such paper printed, painted, or stained, or to be printed, painted, or stained, whether marked with a frame-mark, cr unmarked, cr damped, or unstamped, shall be fcuod in the possession of any printer, painter, or (tainer of paper, in anyware-house, room, or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer for collecting the said duties, then, and in every such case, the party so offending, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and all such paper so found, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of exciff*.

XLV. And be it enacted, That ft any time or times, upon oath made by any credible person or persons, that he, (lie, or they have reason to suspect or believe tlut any paper printed, painted, or stained in this kingdom, after the said fir A day of May, one thous.md seven hundred and ninety-seven, for which a duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been ft imped, as by this act is directed, is or shall be in the custody or possession of any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or other person trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons for the use or account of such printer, painter, or stainer, or other trader or dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper, for sale, without having thereupon such (lamps or seals as are by this act required to denote the charging 3 thi

The thlrty-fevaith Year of George III. 275

the dunes thereupon, it shall ami may be lawful for any commissioner of excise, or A.D.

far any onsjustice of the peace, from time to time, to issue his warrant or order 1797.

thereby authorizing and requiring any officer or ollicers of excise, with the nflift- c8.

r.ncc of a conftubie, or other officer of the pence, in the clay-time, to search for y*— the f,nne, and to open doors, chells, trunks, and package.?, and to seize such paper primed, printed, nr (I lined, after the Gid first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and not having such damps or foals thereon, as are by this art required, and to bring the fime to the excise office next u> the place v.-lvvc the lame Hi til be seized; and that cvrry such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly, and such paper printed, panitid, or (lained, after the said fir’d day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, so found undamped, in the pofieiTnn of such printer, painter, or stainer, or other trader or dealer, for sale, or in the possession of any ocher p:rfon for the use of such printer, painter, or (lamer, trader or dealer, for file, shall be forfeited.

XLVI. Provided always, That no remnant of ony piece of such printed, paints cJ, or stained paper, being of less length than Hull be expressed by the frame-mark thereon, being found in the possession of such printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, having such (lamp or seal as by this art is required, at one end thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such stamps or fcals at both ends thereof; and if any person or persons shall oblruft or hinder any officer of excise from entering any such place or places for the purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any paper by this art declared to be forfeited, every person or persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVII. And in order to give printers, painters, and stainers of paper, and traders and dealers therein, a sufficient time to dispose of the flock of paper in their hands, printed, painted, or flainud, before the f.iid first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and to prevent them after such time from committing frauds on his Majesty's revenue, by pretending that such paper in their custody after such time was printed, painted, or flaiiicd, before the first: day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be it enacted, That all printed, painted, or stained paper, found in the custody of any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or any trader or dealer therein, or in the custody of any person or persons intrust for the use of any printer, painter, or stainer of papjr, or of any trader ordeilerthcrein, after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, which dull not htv* been (lamp:.! or mirked with the stamp or seal by this art reqirred, to denote the charging of the duty by this art granted, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XhVIII. And for the better preventing of frauds, by the lengthening or adding to any piece, or remnant of a piece of such printed, painted, or stained paper, after such piece of paper shall have been stumped or sealed at both ends thereof, as by tills art is required; be it enacted, That if at any time any piece, or remnant of a piece of paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the f.iid first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven/not having such fra ne-mirk and stamp thereon, as is by this art required, or having such frame-mark and stamp at one end thereof only, and being of ns great or greater length than flnll bs express.'d by such fnme-inntk, or having such frame-mark n:id stamp at both end# thereof, and being of greater length than shall be expressed by such frame-mark, by the length of half a yard, or mere, shall be found in the possession of any printer, printer, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer rherein, evety such piece of paper, or remnant, shall be forfeited, and m iv be f.dzcd by any officer of ex-

3 2: eife,

A.

*797-,. Chap. 2"

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

citee, and the printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader, or dealer there ii}, in tvhofe pofldfion the same shall be found, shall a!so forfeit the funi of fifty pounds.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who shall have actually paid the duty by this act payable for any luck printed, painted, or ftiined paper, as aforesaid, and for any other person vha shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such paper from the person or persons wlm dually paid the said duty for the fame, to export such printed, painted, or lUined paper for any foreign parts, byway of merchnmliz:, and inch exporter or exporters shall, and may receive an allowance or drawback of duty, by this act iu.-posed on such paper.

L. Provided always, That such exporter or exporters, before the flapping of such paper, shall give such securhy, and before he shall receive such allowance or drawback of the said duty, shall perform such requifltes as are required to entitle merchandize to a drawback of any duty; and provided, that before the shipping of such paper, due proof upon oath or affirmation be made,' that the said duty hath been paid, and the collector of his MajestyVrcvenue in the port from which i such paper shall be exported, shall pay the said drawback out of any money in his hands.

LI. And be it enacted, That if, after the shipping of any such paper to be exported ?s aforesaid, and the giving of such securtty as aforesaid, in order to obtain 'the allowance or drawback herein before mentioned, the paper so shipped to be exported, or any part thereof, shall be re-landed in this kingdom, then, and in every such case, over and above the penalties of the^bond which shall be levied vand recovered to his Majesty's use, all the paper which shall be so landed, or the 'value. thereof (Lall-be forfeited.

LII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, and until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, ami no longer, ithere shall be raised, collectsd, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucctfiors, upon the several goods, articies, and things herein after mentioned, which shall be-imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several and respective rates and duties herein after set forth, over and above all other duties payable for the fame by any other act or acts of parliament, that is to say, for and upon all corks ready made, the sum of eight pence halfpenny for every gross thereof, and the like ratefor any greater or less quail tity; for and upon all glauber salts, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois; and for and upon every square yard of printed, painted, or Itained paper, to serve for hangings, and for other uses, the sum of one penny halfpenny.

LIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the patting of/ this act, and until the twenty-fifth day. of March, one thousand seven hundred and muety-eighr, there shall be ratted, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon every Hcenfe to any person to keep a malt-house, and make malt for tele, for each and every malt-house in his, her, or their possession, in which such business shall be carried on, the sum of eight pounds, over and above the duty of two pounds payable thereon.

LIV. And whereas by an act of parliament parted this fifton, entitled, J.n a3 for granting to Ins Majesty the duties therein mentioned on hides and Jkitis, and uuvut-Jaftures of leather, certain duties are granted upon all goat-skins tanned with thu-tnack, or otherwise to referable Spanish-.euther, within this kingdom, and upon all flteep-fltms tanned for roans, being after the nature of Spanish-Ieather, within this kingdom, and upon, all sheep-skins and ljmb-flcios tanned within this kingdom,

The thtrty-seventh Year of George III. 277

dor.1, for glovers, and bafilsj and by the said act several duties arc granted on

];i,ies and Heins drefud in oil in this kingdom, and on vellum ami parchment nude in this kingdom, be it enacted, That all persons who llndl tan skins, or pieces of *797* f.-ir.j, with fimmack, ami in the manner and for the uses herein be lure mentioned, Cha J>. 2 sndwlio shall drefj in oil any hides or (kin?, or pieces of hides or ikins, and who shall nuke vellum m- parchment, Hull respectively be subject to the like rules and regulations, and !ln!l perform all such in respect of the tanning of the skins, ia m inner herein before described, and of dressing hides and skins in oil, and of nuking vellum and parchment, as well in paying the duty chargeable on any such person, or otherwise, and Hull be liable to all such penalties and forfeitures as are prescribed by the said receited act, with Tcfpeft of the tanners therein described , and that all powers and authorities by the said act given to any officer of his Majesty's revenue, in respect to the charging, collecting, and freuring of any duty by the said act granted on tanned leather, shall be esccrcifed by such oflicers in respect of charging, collecting* and securing the duties granted on skins tanned in manner herein described, and on hides and skins dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment, as if the tanner of skins in the manner herein described, and dressers in oil of hides and skins, and such makers of vellum and parchment had been mentioned and described in every clause in the said receited act, in which the tanners therein mentioned, are mentioned and described.

LV. And be it enacted, That all and every the duties herein before granted, and all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act in respect thereof, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed and directed and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, Ail ncl for the settling of the excise or new imps/? upon his MajtJIy. his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein bif-rted, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructioiw, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

LVI. And be it enacted, That out of ail or any of the aids and supplies granted to his Majesty, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-seven, there shall and may be issued and applied, any sum or sum? of money, nofc exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds, to pay the usual and customary allowances to the several persons following, that is to say, one hundred pounds to the profdTor of the French and German languages in Trinity-college, ami one hundred pounds to the professor of Spanifti and Italian languages in Trinity-college j and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord htgh-treasurer, for the time being, are hereby authorized to issue the fame accordingly.

LVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, there shall be raised, collected, and paid unto h:$ Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon the several -articles, matters and things in the feheduic hereunto annexed, expressed anil mentioned, the several rates, duties, and sums of money in the said schedule mentioned, over ami above all other rates and duties payable on such articles, matters and tilings, by any other act of parliament j which Tates*

duties, and sums of money, shall be r.u'fed, collected, and levied by the commii/i'

oners for managing the stamp duties, in the same manner, and under the fame powers and nut! orirics, and with the like regulations, and subject to the like forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed and enacted by an act passed this session of p'irlia'

278

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

ment, entitled, An aci for granting to his Majtj)[), his l\irs and successors, the federal duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, in resp^clos the duties thereby granted on vellum, parchment, and paper to be stamped, as fully as if the salt! several rates, duties, and sums of money were granted by and comprized in the said act.

A SCHEDULE of the several Duties to be paid on every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written or printed, any of the Articles or Things therein set forth.

Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, which Hull be registered in the publick office for regillering deeds and wills, above all duties payable thereon - — - o

Any Indenture, lease, or deed poll, not otherwise charged, except indentures of npprenticoship, whore no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any such be given, such apprentice fee Hull not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish children, or other children supported by public!; or private charities, and also except indentures binding apprentices to uttor-

nies or publick notaries - - o

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever - o

Any warrant -of attorney, empowering any attorney to satisfy any judgment - - - o

Any petition in any court of law or equity - - o

And on every patent for a dukedom - - - 50

Every patent fer a marquifute - ... 50

Every patent for an earldom - - - 5°

Every patent for a viscount - 30

Every patent for an archbishoprick - 50

Every patent for a bishoprick - - - 20

Every patent for a barony - 20

Every patent for a baronetage -- - -ic

/. d.

1 C,

1 6

5 0

2 6 2 6 o o o 0 o c o 0 o o c o o o o 0

4

CHAP.

The thirtj-fevciith Year of George III.

CHAP. XXIX.

279 A.D.

1797*

An Act for improving and repairing ike Roads leading from the City of Dublin, to Ratoalh and Curragha, and for altering and amending an Ail, paJJ'ed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, entitled. An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoalh, and for ereiling Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Pnfentt.ienls.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the thirty-fifth Redtai, year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act 35 G. 3-for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoalh, and for ct citing turnpikes thereon, in aid of barony prefenlmcitts; and whereas several of the provisions of ihep'"':*jra! <'r said act, have been found insufficient for the purposes thereby in- mkffi.ion:, tended; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the before receited act, save so far as is herein after excepted, be, and the fame is hereby e'f- a‘a,:r:-

1 irtcr cxci-;h-

repealecl. «i.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the I’crfons better keeping in repair, widening, and shortcning the roads from ippoiiiKd d’ Dublin to Ratoath, and Curragha, the earl of Bcftive, the bifitop tiulkcl-of Meath, the right honourable John Foller, speaker of the house of commons, John Toler, his Majesty's solicitor general, the members of parliament for the counties of Dublin and Meath, for th c time being, the chairman of the quarter sessions of Kiimainham, for the time being, colonel Hugh O'Reilly, Gorges Lowtiier of Kiinte, esquire, James Hamilton, esquire, of Sheep-hill, Henry Stephens Reiily, esquire, major fvlarlcy, Edward Bulkclcy, esquire,

Daniel and Frederick Faulkner, esquircf, William Rathhcrne, esquire, James Bourfiqiiot, clquire, alderman sir William Worthington, major Faviere, colonel Cowley, and Henry Hamilton, esquire, being the trufices named in the said receited act, trcctlicr with his grace the archbishop of Dublin, the carl c.f Farnhr.ni, lord Afiibiook, the hilhop of Kildare, the reverend William Dobbin,

the reverend Anthony Darby, the reverend----- Martin, Charles

Stanley Monck, esquire, John Staunton Rochfort, esquire,

George Putland, esquire, George Cavendish, esquire, George 4 A l Carroll,

280

A.D. 1797.Chap. 29.

All Turns payable to former iruf-tecs, shall be paid to tiuf-tecs hereby appointed, Upon like le-curity biiii* given.

Trustees to be dotted in Head of such as die or re* lijn.

7 Trustees to courtiiute a.mceung.

7 Trnllccs may call a meeting by notice in writing, polled 14. days previvufly.

Ftrll meeting at royal < xch.inge, on jth May, to elett 5 directors for each ro.:d.

7 he thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Carroll, esquire, William Ball, esquire, John Garnett, esquire, Mathew Pierson, esquire, John Pentland, esquire, Richard Bias-fington, esquire, Thomas Savage, esquire, Capel Mollyneux, esquire, Charles Walker, esquire, John Bayley, esquire, Jolm Chamlcy, esquire, Paul Savage, esquire, William Smyth, clqtiirc, Christopher Abbott, esquire, William Green, esquire, John Bras-fington, esquire, Henry Baker, efejuire, Richard Hayes, esquire, James Cane of Ratoath, esquire, Hamilton Gorges* esquire, lord viscount Conyngham, William Burton, Hans Hamilton, Robert Cornwall, John Staunton Rochfort, Blaney Townley Balfour, John Ball, James Whiteftone, Robert Ormsby, William Wynne, Robert Wynne, and John Garnett, esquires, be, and they are hereby appointed trustees of the said road.

III. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money in the hands of the trustees named in the said receited act, or of the treasurer by them appointed, or which were directed by the said act to be paid to the said trustees, or which are in the hands of any person or persons, for the use of the said trustees, or to which the said trustees arc in any manner entitled, by virtue of the said act, be, and the same are hereby directed to be paid over to the trustees herein named, upon such fecarity given by them for the just expenditure thereof, as was required from the trustees named in the said receited act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said trustees herein appointed by name, shall happen to die, or resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining trustees, or any seven or more of them, on the first Thursday in any month, to elect a person to be a trustee in his Head, and so as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so dtofen.

V. And be it enacted, That seven trustees shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the said trustees, and that the act of the majority of seven, legally convened, shall be the act of, and binding upon the said trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any seven of the said trustees, by notice in writing, under their hands, at any time, to call a meeting of the said trustees, such notice specifying the cause of aflfembling the trustees, and being polled on the several gates on the said road, fourteen days previous to the time appointed for such meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall meet at the Royal Exchange in the city of Dublin, on the fifth day of May, next after the passing of this act, and shall at such meeting, elect by ballot from amongst the said trustees, five direc-

3 tors

The thirty-five nth Year of George III. tors for each of the said roads, for the fupcritHending and managing thereof, and for traufading all bufmcfs relative to the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the death or resignation of any director, or in case any director chosen in pursuance of this act, 111.ill negletl or refule to execute his trull, by

refusal in writing, under his hand and leal, or by not attending at some one meeting of the directors, during the lirfl two months after the passing of this act, it shall he lawful for the said trullecs, or any seven of them, to choose by ballot from amongst the said trullecs, one person to be a director in his place, and so as often as the calc shall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of the meeting, in some public paper, and being also polled on each pay-gate, specifying that such meeting is to be held for the cledion of a director.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every director who shall be elected pursuant to this act, shall, before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath, in the words following, before one of the trustees belore mentioned, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

281

A.D.

'797-Chap. 29.

If a director doe-hoi attend at one meeting dm* im* 2 months, mother llull

Ik* chosen* on gieing 14

d.iy, notice '.ly.n’.vert.fin; and polling.

l)irctl«tr; to take the fillowing oath:

I A.B. do [wear, that I will well and truly discharge the duly Or.b. of a director of the road from the^ city of Dublin, to

according to the toft of my full, without favour or malice, and that I will account faithfully with the trufees of the said road, for all money received by me as director, and that I will as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint a competent and proper supervisor of the said road, to act under the directers of the said road.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said directors of each of the said roads, or any three of them, shall as soon as they conveniently can, after they he elected and ("worn as aforesaid, meet at some place convenient to such road, and shall have power from time to time, to choose a proper person to he supervisor of such road, and to appoint a salary for such supervisor, not exceeding the sum of thirty pounds in the year, and that the number of attendances of every supervisor, chosen pursuant to this act, shall he ascertained by the oath of such supervisor, to he taken before any one of the said directors, which oath the said directors, or any one of them, are and is hereby empowered and dircded to administer; and that any three or more of the said directors assembled together, shall have power from time to time, to remove any Vol. XVIII. 4 B supervisor

P!i rflnrs or 3 of lium to meet as soon as convenient and appoint fn-p; rvifors with fahnici not exceeding 30l. a year,

attendances of pemfors a'crrtair.cd by their oaths befotc directors

ilirrflers mny appr inc and r.-:rove fu* p?r ,'ifurs.

282 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

supervisor at the free will and pleasure of such directors, and to 1797- appoint another supervisor in the stead of such supervisor lo re-Chap.^29. moved, and in case of death or resignation, to appoint another supervisor in the stead of such supervisor so dying or resigning.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every supervisor who shall be chosen and appointed by the directors pursuant to this act, shall, before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath, in the words following, to wit:

Supervisor’a

oath.

directors to adminiiU-r oath to tuper-vifors.

Duty of fu« pertifjr.'.

5l. Penalty on ittpervisor fi*r every neglect of duty, on convtflion before a tna-ystrate.

I A.B. do solemnly f 'wear, that I will honcfAy and diligently execute the office of a supervisor of the road, from the city of Dublin, lo and that I will, according lo the bcjl of my Jlill and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me, by the directors of the said road, and that will when called upon, by the said directors, or any three of them, account for all money which fall be confided to me by the said directors, or be by me received by virtue of this act.

So help me God.

which oath any three of the directors thereof, or any of them aiiembhd together, are hereby empowered and required to administer to such supervisor.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the supervisors of each of the said roads shall, as often as required by the said directors thereof, or any of them, attend on the said road, and shall ke that all orders and works directed and ordered by the said directors, be properly executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the said directors, of the (late, nature and circumstances of the said road, and shall remove all nuisances, obstructions, and incroachments on the said road, and shall superintend all workmen and labourers, working and labouring on the said road, and pay them their wages, but subject to the orders of the said directors, and each supervisor shall keep a book, containing a journal of his own proceedings, and shall attend all meetings of laid directors and truf-tecs, if required; and if any supervisor shall neglect or refuse to perforin his office of supervisor, as required by this act, a mi shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any two or more credible witnesses, before any justice of tile peace, every such supervisor shall forfeit the Cum of five pounds for every such offence, to be levied by distress and falc of such supervisors goods, by warrant

under The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

wider the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to such supervilbr.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said directors of such road, shall have full power to erect or cause to be ercded, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates, upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and thall have power to build, hire, or rent a toll-houl'e, convenient to every such gate, and to demand and take by such person or persons as they or any three or more of them shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every such gate, before any bead or carriage herein after mentioned shall be permitted to go through the fame; that is to say, for every coach, chariot, phaeton, cliaife, or other carriage, not of burthen, for each horse or other head drawing the fame, the sum of four pence; ami for every waggon, dray, cart, car, or other carriage of burthen, drawn by more than one horse, or other bead of burthen, the streaks or shoeing of the wheels whereof, shall he set on with counterfunk llat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, and shall not be lei's than six inches in breadth, for each horse or other bead drawing the fame, the sum of one penny; and for every such carriage of burthen, the shoeing of the wheels without shall be Iefs than six inches, but not left titan four inches, for each horse or other bead drawing the fame, the sum of two pence, and if the shoeing of the wheels without shall he less than four inches, for each horse or other head drawing the fame, the sum of four pence; and for every cart, dray, or car, drawn by one horse or other bead of burthen, the (hoeing of the wheels without shall be set on in like manner and shall not be Iefs than four inches in breadth, the sum of one penny, and if the shoeing of the wheels without be less than four inches but not less than three indies in breadth the sum of two pence, and if the shoeing of the wi o.h without be less than three inches in breadth, the sum of three pence, and if any of the streaks or shoeing of any of the wheels of any such carriage shall be set on with high or spring-headed nails, bolts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or ferews, not being counterfunk and flat-headed, the sum, of one shilling for every horse or other head drawing the fame j for every horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unloaden the sum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, coivs, or neat cattle, the Ann of twenty pence by the score, and lo in proportion for any greater or leis number; for every drove of calves, sheep, Iambs, or pigs, the sum of ten pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; provided always, that for every car whose wheels however narrow they may be, shall be formed and put on so as to 4 B 2 turn

3 director? m:iv ered inv-e.-.ti's tkI build or JlJfC tt.ll*

hoLfes, ami

take the so!-lowing tolls;

for every coach, fee.

4d. per horse;

id. for each

ho. Ie drawing

:i waggon,

&c.

where (hoeing of whet Is is between 4.H1J 6 inches zd. less than 4. inches, 4<I.

dray or car draw n by 1 horse, id. if fhocit £ of wheels he 4. indie,; if 3 inches, z\. it less than 3 indie.;, 3d.

where nails, ire not coimterfun!:,

1«. per horle.

id. for evcjy horle, fee.

20J. a score, lor oxen, &C,

rod. a fio-e for c/vesjSc.

2S4 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

turn round the axletrce, and whose axlctree shall be fixed so as

r797* not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of one penny only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at any such gate, ni. forc.irs, for each horlc or other beast drawing the fame, if the flreaks or rumiJ ax!"- (hoeing of such wheels be set on with counterfunk flat-headed nails,

tree!, Ilrcalci JjoltS, Or fcrCWS. with counter- ’

lunK nails.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ilia)'becrefi- ‘bcedtors of each of the said roads, or any three or more of

tj, nmi toll- them, to erect a pay-gate or pay-gates, on the fide of the said huities bulk.

or hired* road, across any Jane*, or way leading out of the said road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate upon the said road, and that every such gate shall be deemed a pay-gate.

Toll; paid

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be liable

but once a day r

fur i.mic to pay any of the said tolls, more than once in the fame day with the fame cattle and carriage, in the fame road; but that every person having paid such toll once may during the remainder of the fame day, every such day to he computed from twelve o’clock at ni.Mt, to twelve o’clock the succceding night, pals and repass toll 1'ic.e through every pay-gate in the fame road, with the lame cattle and carriage, for which such toll shall have been paid, on tickets tc V; producing a ticket, denoting the payment of such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required respecting the pioJuccJ it f-l(nC) which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving such toll upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal, upon conviction before any justice of the peace for the county ill which such offence shall be committed, or before any of the said trustees, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and to administer oaths for that purpose.

Tolls may

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall re-!lhtrcorby fufc to pay,the toll payable; by him or her in virtue of this act, bain or cur jt q)a]| |)e ]awful for the collector thereof, or person acting as om-Vct U.' such, to levy the same by distress of the horle or horses, or other piTkton bead or beads, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this

days. act imposed, or upon the goods or chattles of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and such horse or horses, or other head or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattles, may be detained until such toll shall he paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the

owner,

j

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 285

owner, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full A.D. expences of the said distress detinue and sale. t 797.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Chap. 29, fons shalt forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage, through any pay-gate on either of the said roads, with- jy for r«ci-out paying the toll by this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid, at such pay-gate, or shall knowingly or design-ctlly alTault, interrupt, or obflnid any of the collectors or persons employed in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or otherwise in the execution of his or their employments of receiver or collector, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof; every person so offending, being convicted thereof upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and it shall be lawful for every collector or co'Icftirs>&e. person acting as such, and all other persons by him required to Ss'earn-assist in that respect, to seize any horse Or horses, or other beast JSJjj’ "rJn' or beads, carriage or carriages with all goods thereon, and the tlle.m(. driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring liccj them before any justice of the peace, who is hereby required to inquire into such offence, and if upon conviction before such juf- if penalty and tice, upon the oath of any credible witness, the party or parties complained of shall not pay such penalty, together with the tolls that shall be due, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is fold <mr-hereby required by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the ^"ownerT* horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods so distrained, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under tvhofe care or in whose possession respectively the fame was when so seized as aforesaid, or if no sufficient distress shall have been seized, to commit such owner or owners, or other person or persons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, until such fines and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every ticket to be given as aforesaid, by any collector, for any carriage which is subject to different tolls in respect to the different breadths or shoeings of penalty ,1. on its wheels, shall truly specify the sum received, the number of c.umrau.dlbr horses or other beasts drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to say, whether four inches or more, whe-Vol. XVIII. ' 4 C ther

o.vner nr driver committed, if dillreft be not sufficient.

What shall

a86 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

tl'er under jour, and not less than than three inches, and also 1797. whthsr flat-ihod, or lliod with high or ipring-headed nails, holts

Chap, ay, or'[crews.; and if any ticket shall not specify all the said matters truly, the collector of the said tolls at the gate where Inch ticket shall have been given, shall forfeit the film of five pounds for every such offence, upon conviiflion on oath of one credible wit-

n.efs, before any justice of the peace, and in case of not paying the fame immediately, shall be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice to the common gaol or house of corrcfli-on, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of one month, or until the said fine shall be paid.

Anyfuper-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for 'visor, trullec, the supervisor or any director or trustee, or any magistrate, Conor cunllabie liable, or sub-constable, to itop on any part of -either of the said

daikoncar" roads> any cart, car, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage or

culicr roads, carriages of burthen which shall have -passed during the fame day whole wheels 0 w

are not aj through.any,pay-gate on the find road, whose wheels shall not be herein, f01lr .;ncbes ;n breadth in the foal, or shall have any large or spring-headed nails in their streaks or shoeing, and to require the driver or person attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or she shall have received at such pay-gate, for the toll paid for the same, and if such driver or person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket immediately on demand, or if such ticket when produced shall not certify the -whole toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or shall contain any other description of the breadth and shoeing of the -wheels than the truth, it shall be lawful for such persons to seize and distrain the said horse, or other head and carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, and the fame may be detained until the toll prescribed by this act for the -fame, shall he paid with the reasonable charges of such distress, and -detaining, and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the persons who shall have seized to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver on demand after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said distress, detaining and saie.

Cm, &c.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every collector or other tamed at^a Person aAing as such, shall have power to detain at any pay-gate, gates, and on every car, cart, or other carriage whereon the toll payable varies roadsTuntlT according to - the breadth of the streaks or shoeing of the wheels, sneafurcd*arC ani^ to raea*"ure lamci an(l every supervisor, director, trustee, 5l. penalty on magistrate, constable, or sub-constable, shall have the like power foTobftruii- to ft°P and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage, on

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 287

any part of either of the said roads, and if any driver or other A.D. person shall hinder or refuse to permit such collector, or such 1797* other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall he cotivifted thereof upon the oath of any one credible witness,' before any justice of the peace, every such person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of said car or other carriage, and the horse and horses, or other beasts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon by warrant under the hand and leal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the said fine, and the expences of such distress and sale to the owner on demand.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- I0, Peralt). fons whatsoever, owning, renting, or occupying any land nearp'"s unto any pay-gate, established or erected, or to be erected ill iniciingcaalo pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise know- p^Vilreugi!0 inglyor willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever, to pass ‘’"y''j’1* through any gate, passage, or way, with any horse, bead, cattle,

or carriage liable to toll, on passing through any pay-gate Oil the said road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness before any justice of the peace, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every such offence, to be levied by distress and sale of such offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being first deducted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Thiiins may

the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to appoint a trea- tSm-r, nt surer at a yearly salary, not exceeding fifty pounds, and as they s°h >'rar-shall fee occasion to remove him, and appoint another person in move him: his Head, and to take from every person whom they shall appoint, tn

such security as they shall think proper, for his duly accounting for g>« fauriiy, and paying all money which he shall receive as treasurer, and site money in for depositing the fame from time to time in the bank of Ire- j^01 llc’ land.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the teafurer shall Duty of trea-attend the meetings of the said directors as often as he shall be f"rcr' thereunto required by any one or more of them, and shall keep

separate books of account for each road, in such manner as any three of the directors of each road shall from time to time order, and shall deposite all such films as he shall receive as treasurer, whenever the same shall amount to one hundred pounds, or up-4 C 2 wards,

*88 The thirty seven'th Year of George III.

A.D.

wards, in the bank of Ireland, to be placed to the credit of the

1797' directors of the said road, specifying how much thereof is to be Chap.29- placed to the credit of each road, and all such sums shall remain in the bank until drawn out, as by this act is hereafter directed; Treasurer and that it it shall be lawftd for any three of the said directors to niltfciforuc- dismiss any treasurer from his office, who iha.ll neglect to give

glcU ol duiy. puc^ attcndancC)

or to keep such books, or to give any information which may be required of him, respecting his receipts and payments as treasurer, or to depofne the whole, or any part of the balance in his hands in the bank, as often as he shall be ordered so to do by any three of the said directors.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when the directors of either of the said roads, or any three of them shall order any film to be paid to any person, the treasurer shall produce to them engraven drafts in the form following, payable to such person.

Form of To the governor and company of the bank of Ireland.

frcs r*5/ so which place to the account of the directors of the road leading from

orders on the city of Dublin, to bank:-.

j]. B. C.D. E. F. Directors.

G. H. Treasurer.

Directors

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall "be lawful for the said coliciiorsl'st directors respectively, or any three or more of them, to appoint id. per ano. as many collectors as shall be necessary for receiving the tolls at the pay-gates, at such salary or wages as shall be approved of by them, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum for each Collectors io collator; and each and every such collector shall pay the monies nonthiy.'and by him collected. or received to the treasurer appointed by the said oi«cr.er if irustees, once at lead in every month, and as much oftener as he shall

required j 7 J 7

be thereunto required by any of the said directors or trustees, or .-imltcaccoimt by the supervisor, and shall also upon oath, if thereunto required "i"irn|k o/bc by the said treasurer, or by any of the said directors or trustees, coimuiittii. which oath any one of the said directors or trustees is hereby e mpow-ered to administer, give in from time to time a true, exact and perfect account in writing of all monies by him collected or received, by virtue of this act, or by reason of the said employment; and if any such collector shall refuse or omit so to do, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness before any justice of the peace, it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bail or i

mam-

The thirty-fevewth Year of George III.

mainprize, anti! he Hull give in such account upon oath, and pay all such monies as he inall have received for the said difeftors by virtue of this act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, Tint the said directors of each of the said roads, or any three of then!, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered on fourteen days notice being given in any two Dublin papers; for that purpose, 'to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year, the tolls by this act payable, to any perfoti or persons, at or for the larged yearly film that can b'e got for the fame: Provided always, that they be set by publick cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and f7gned by the party taking the fame, and that the money be made payable riiontltly, and that proper security be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such agreement be approved of and figtied by three at lead of the said directors present at such cant.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on either of the said roads, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and singular the like powers and authorities, and be subject to and under all and singular the like regulations, penalties and ie-strictions, as any collector appointed by the said directors can or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same to him, or to the directorsor trustees.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the said directors; or by any person taking any of the tolls by lease or contract, or any person acting as such; shall permit any carriage, horle,- or bead vvliatfo-ever, to pass through any pay-gate, without payment of the toll payable for the fame, by virtue of this act, or a' proper certificate as before directed being produced therewith, and shall' omit to seize such car, Carriage, or bead, or shall delay to proceed to liaVe the penalties levied as the' law' directs for such offence,- Or: shall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the1 passing through the gate after notice Hull be given to him,- that the driver thereof has obstructed the execution of this act, in any respect, every person so offending shall, upon conviction thereof before anyone judice of the peace, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, shall be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of such judice, to the common gaol or house

Persons appointed by leflecs, Atall . have power to coliclt tolls, &c.

Collectors who permit carriages or beads to pass without payment of tofls.or certificates produced, or who do not proceed to Icvypenaltiet, forfeit cl. or 6 months imprisonment.

ago

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

mi-

Chap. 29.

and an affida* vit of copies of fuel) declaration be* ing polled and Curved as herein.

of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding six months, or until the said fins be paid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever and as often as the said directors of either of the said roads shall think it expedient to form a new line of road between any two points of the fame, for the purpose of shortening the distance, or avoiding hills, or for the greater convenience of travellers, it fttail be lawful for them to deposite, or cause to be deposited with the treasurer of the county through which such new road shall be proposed to be made, a map thereof, with a declaration thereon, signed by three of the said directors at the lead, letting forth their determination to lay out-such new road, of the breadth of sixty feet in the clear, and distinguishing the several town-lands and baronies, through which the fame is to be made, and expressing the number of perches in length, that such new road is intended to be carried through each town-land; and they shall also deposite, or cause to be deposited with such treasurer, an affidavit or affidavits, setting forth that a copy of such declaration has been polled upon the door of the county court-house, and that a like copy has been personally l'erved on, or left at the house of every occupier of the ground, through which Inch new road is intended to be made-; or in case the reli-

dence of any occupier of any part of such ground, shall not be known to the said directors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a conspicuous manner, on such part of such ground, and on the toll-gate of the road nearest thereto.

Treasurers

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every treasurer to whom such Maps, such map, declaration, affidavit or affidavits shall be delivered, shall shem opcnCeP *cecP ^le fame °Pen for the inspection of all persons, whom the fonnfpcnion, fame may concern, and shall lay the fame before the court of before K. king’s bench, on the first fitting day of term, next immdiately en-dly'ofKr'm, suing, if in the county of Dublin, or before the next assizes held ojbsforenext for t[le county of Meath, if the land through which such road fear to time shall be intended to be made, shall be situate therein, together of receiving. cert;ficate) teflifying upon oath, the day he received the same.

if Map,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by

posited with such certificate, that such map, declaration, and affidavit or af-dayab^fore liav‘ts* have iieen deposited with such treasurer, twenty-one

termoraffi- days before the fitting day of term, or first day of such assizes; radon ftaii be the said declaration shall be read in open court, and if any owner road in.court, qj. 0Ccupicr of the ground, through which such now road is to be

made>

The thirtj-fevetub Year of George III. 291

made, shall think himself or herself aggrieved thereby, in respect A.D. of such ground, such owner or occupier maytraverse the fame for1 *797' damages, by entering a traverse thereto, with the clerk of the ^iaP' 29-crown for damages, at the fame term or assizes; which traverse and persons shall be tried at the nijiprint fittings, after the fame term, or at the STra"^ fame assizes, unless good and sufficient cause shall be shewn upon vcrl'e '

1 travel fe to

oath for not trying it then, in which case it shall be tried at the be tried at nisi prius fittings, or assizes next immediately ensuing; and every at aifsS’u°,r. such traverse shall be entered and tried in like manner, and like 1'"'0?

' by affidavit to

security be given for prosecuting the fame, as is usual in the case ncnimnor of a traverse of apresentment of a grand jury, for laying out and ilSlcu making a new road.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the jury who shall verdiaof try any such traverse, shall true verdict give, whether any, W co"c1'1-and what damages will accrue to the person taking such traverse

by such new road being made, which verdict shall be conclusive to

such traverser; and upon the sum so found for damages being paid Amount of

to such traverser, or deposited with the county treasurer for his or

her use, and upon all such damages as shall be found upon each Sted, or if * traverses be

traverse which may be tried, being so paid or deposited, or upon withdrawn,

verdicts found against the traversers, or upon each traverse which may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried pursuant to °rjf this act, or upon no traverse being entered, it shall be lawful for traverse, the said directors, or any three of them, or such persons as they tamade. shall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make such new road, without the interruption of any person whatever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, Pmvcr! CI_ Aipervifors, collectors, and all other persons, shall have all and tcncii:H

‘ . new roads,

Angular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, and maps,

penalties and forfeitures shall affect and extend to every part of any pVeVerved

new road laid out by the said directors, as are provided or enacted re‘

with respect to any part of either of the said roads, and that every such map, declaration, and affidavit, shall be preserved among the records of the county, with the treasurer of the said

county.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Maps of such the said directors shall alter the present road by taking off any unnecessary angles, or making a new line of road, they shall cause a shall be dif-map of such parts of the present road, as shall in confluence be depofued thereof, be discontinued by them, as part of the turnpike road, ^furer"17 for the use of travellers, to be deposited with the treasurer of the andifg-j"<y county, in which such parts shall be situate; and if the grand fuel parts to

4 D a jury

-.292 <The titrty-seventh )Trar of George III.

A.D.

jury of such county shall not within eight months, from the 1797* time such map shall be so deposited, present such parts to be kept °Pen as a public road, every such part of the old road as shall lx krpt open not be so presented, shall be, and is hereby declared to be veit-r.'.'mtL'&c ed in the said directors, for the benefit of the said road, and shall

ant^ maY ^et or by the said directors, or any three of them, and the rent or money arifi.ng therefrom, shall he applied by them towards the payment of the rents, or purchase of such grounds as they may think proper to take by yearly rent, or to purchase for any of the purposes herein before mentioned. so'kctpSng115

XXXV. Provided always, That no such presentment for keeping open any such part of the present road, shall be made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit ..of two credible persons, who can read and write, setting forth that such part of the road is necessary to be kept open, as a publick road, for the convenience

such parts open shall be grounded on affidavit of 2 persons.

of travellers.

If G. jury afterwards present such parts to bn flopped up, they shall be veiled in directors.

If directors chcoic to make the 2 roads join at l‘inglas, and ' continue in one line, expence from junction shall be equally defrayed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time thereafter, the grand jury of such county shall present the same to be flopped up, it shall be immediately thereupon, and is here-bc declared to be vested in the said directors, without any further act done on their behalf, as fully as if the fame never had been presented to be kept open.

XXXVII. And whereas the directors of the said two Toads, may find it expedient that the said two roads should join, at or near the town of Finglass, and be continued in one line from thence, to the boundaries in the county of Dublin.; be it further enacted, That in such case all expences attending the laying out, and repairing such road from their jundtion, shall be defrayed in equal proportions, out of the tolls of the said two roads, and that such road shall be under the superintendance and management of the directors of both of said roads.

Directors

XXXVIII. And whereas the directors of both or either of the SHnc'w' frid roade, may find it expedient to lay out and form a new line f1' C1*ih roa^> from any Part of either of the said present roads to the of said city of Dublin; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

mayday out lawful to and for the directors of each of the said roads, or any

grounds, three of them, to design and lay out in what manner and through give notice . j

to propric- what grounds such road shall be made, and to rent or purchase fitc map°" *11 lucl* grounds as they shall think necessary for them to be pof-4-c. Sc. -.felled of, for the purpose of laying out such new road, and shall cause notice to be given to the several owners or occupiers thereof, and a map thereof to be deposited with the treasurer of the county of Dublin, agreeable to the prescriptions of this act, and that upon payment

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 293

payment to the several owners or proprietors of such grounds, of A.D. all damages found for them, such grounds shall he vested in the J 7971 said directors, for the life of the said road, and they may proceed to lay out such new road, without tire interruption of any person cir-.aorj

BiV cro.-oeit

whatsoever. l0, ,kr fad

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the grand juries of the counties of Dublin, and Meath, at any

term or affi7.es, to present any part of the said road within their of vuiUi r.ut respective counties to he widened to the width of sixty feet, upon j-"1' the requell of three of the directors in writing, and an affidavit «-it!wini &id fwovn before any two magistrates for such county, or before the r.vv u;vn court, by any two credible persons, that the part of the said road, so requelled to be widened, is not of the width of sixty feet; pro- a ,<i a» ‘S-'

’_' ' djvit ol 2

vided always, that if the owner or occupier of the land, where persons, the said road is to he widened as aforesaid, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such presentment, it shall be lawful for such m-ucrit f«K

' 1 ft' preieuunente.

person to traverse the fame, at the fame term or amzes for damages, and such traverse shall be tried at the t/ifi prim fittings, alter such term, or at the next ensuing affi7.es, and upon all damages which shall lie found by the jury, who shall try such traverse, being paid to the treaflirer, or deposited with the county treasurer for his or her use, it shall be lawful for the said directors to proceed in widening the fame' pursuant to the said prifemment, without the interruption of any person whatsoever.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the grand Gr-nd jonci juries, of the counties of Dublin and Meath, to present to be anUM^aSi, raised on the county at large, all such sums of money as shall be liecessary for widening tile said roads, to the breadth of sixty feet, wHci.iin; to be raised at such times and in such proportions, as the said ’ty aI grand juries shall appoint. ,2r£l’'

XLI. And whertas the tolls to he collected on the said turnpike roads will not lie sufficient to answer the several charges thereon, and to repair and widen the said roads, and form such new lines of road as may be necessary; be it further enacted, That any Directos three or more of the said directors of each road, shall and may, T and are hereby empowered from time to time, as'occasion shall require, to raile and borrow such sum, and sums of money, not wfiicli ihsil exceeding in the whole the sum of four thousand pounds (lerling, ^Areroii as they shall judge necessary, towards repairing and widening the said road, and forming new lines of road, in the place and or Nwrcmiier, (lead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may ,«on, 'n-be incurred by virtue of this act; and that for all such sums so P,cjH

* IS pud fctt.

to be borrowed, bills, entitling the bearers to the amount of the Vol. XVIII. 4 E sums

iq4 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

sums therein specified, shall be issued and signed by the treasurer

1797- for the time being, and signed by, and sealed with the seals of three or more of the said directors, and that such hills shall bear such interest, from the date thereof, as shall be agreed upon, between the said directors, and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the legal rate of interest by the hundred, by the year, and that for such Aims as shall hereafter be borrowed by the said directors as aforesaid, there shall be paid by the treasurer for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of the said directors on every first day of May, and every first day of November, after the respective dates of such bills, to the folders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of said road, such interest as shall be so agreed upon in full- to the said days so appointed for tl.e payment of such interest, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and free from all deductions, defalcations and abatements, until the principal sums therein mentioned be respectively paid at one pay-bills to be ment, and that all such bills as shall be so issued and signed, shall "riitaieii- be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with number cally, and one unt-j whole thereof shall be numbered, provided that no

noneiflued ’ ' 1

lor lets iiun such hill shall be issued for less than fifty pounds, or for more than

col. or more

man icol. one hundred pounds.

ifimcrtft

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any part of the said '^DayVjord interest shall be behind or unpaid by the treasurer for the space of chancellor seven days after any of the days so appointed for the payment receiver, or 1 thereof, the lord chancellor or lord-keeper, or commissioners of the Sreat *eai> may, upon a petition and affidavit appoint a receiver to receive I’o much of the-toils of the said road as may be necessary to pay such interest and the receiver’s fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for sequestering the tolls for the payment thereof, as to justice shall appertain.

Application

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the toils of the several of mils. gates on each of the said roads, shall be applied in discharge, of the interest upon such debentures as shall be issued for the said sum of four thousand pounds or any parr thereof, anil that the find directors, or any three or more , of them, may expend from time to time, such films of -money as shall be received by tile treasurers in the payment.of the said treasurers salary appointed as aforesaid, in eroding and repairing.gates and toll-houses, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps in each of the said roads, in erecting mile-stones, mile-posts, and direction-posts, paying toll-collectors and supervisors in the expences of surveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the said road and

fencing

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 295

fencing it where widened, in forming new lines of road, and paying all colls attending the fame, in draining, forming am! graveling, dressing, cleaning, or repairing the said road, in the rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their discretion, and in laying materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter season.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the expend!- Kt li-

'- tli.C It* I»c «*c«

ture of all such money shall be accountable lor upon oath before wamcJ f. r the said directors, which oath any of the said directois or irustees is hereby empowered to administer, specifying the particular man- tyrs, aml^ac-ner in which every part of it shall have been expended, and such ilu j irish account shall be laid before the said trustees, together with a copy

of all orders of expenditure made by the said directors, by being numbi, =nJ deposited with their treasurer once at the lead in every three qdr.-d. months, and as much oftener as the said trustees or any seven or more of them shall require.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Directors the said directors or any three or more of them to purchase all groLldorh' such ground, house, or houses as may be necessary for widening "ou'<:h ort the said load; or making new roads in place of any parts of the this act. present road, or for depositing materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the ferapings and cleansing thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person to whom Perftms rathe expenditure of any of the said money shall be entrusted by expenditure the said directors, Hull not account for so much as he shall have 'vl'° 60 no.:,

account mth-

expended of the fame in manner aforesaid, within one month after in i month he shall be thereunto required by any of the directors, or of the r.qfircd,'5 said trustees, he shall forfeit double the sum which he shall be so shall,so:Ii"

7 double (he

required to account for, and upon non-payment thereof, shall be sum, or be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice before whom he shall be convicted, upon the oath, of any credible witness, to the common gaol or house of correction, there to re-laainuntil the said forfeiture be paid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed Supemion fepervisor of either of the said roads, shall once in every month, rc return to the said directors thereof, an account on oath, of the sums, bn state.of the road, the conduit of the gate-keepers and overseers, ITcuto^lSi workmen and labourers, so far as the fame shall have fallen within his observation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages passing through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to this act, or wherein they have differed, what nuisances, encroachments or offences against this act he has found or observed respecting the said road,

4 E 2 what

296 The thirty-fcveuth Year of George III.

A.D.

what steps he ha3 taken to remove or remedy them, what penal-1797' ties he has levied, and the several days on which he has inspected the said road, and what part thereof he has inspected on each da)'.

Supervisors XL

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any supervisor of each

XT" t^le hod roads, shall have power to repair any sudden breaches

tlrSr'of 2°" or 110^CS> which he may have observed in any part of the said

directors; road, first receiving an order for the purpose from any two of

tllS'before the directors thereof, and the expence thereof shall be laid before oatl^and °n t'IC directors at their next meeting, and upon their approving order made thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and specifying happroved"^, the particulars thereof, they or any three or more of them, nip.y order the expences to be. paid by the treasurer.

Persons ap-

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed Sireflon'1 ^y any three or more of the said directors to make, gravel, repair

nay. ra.'fc or superintend the said road or any part of it, shall have power

and make and authority to dig for, search, raise, and carry away any gravel, adjoiningstones, sand, or other materials which may be wanted for the lands, except use of the said road, and to make drains in order to carry off

as herein, and.

make fans- water from or preventing its injuring the said roan, on or through

owners'0 the lands of any person, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard,

yard, planted lawn or avenue to a mansion-house, and that every such person so appointed, shall make satisfaction to the owners

and occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby,

in manner and ' under the like regulations as is, are or shall be

enacted with respect to damages done by the overseers appointed

by the presentments of grand juries.

D.-.iiiu on L, And whereas it is necessary for the further management of the roads to t,ie f^'-l roads, that the drains along cither fide thereof, should be

l.cundercon. under the conlroul of the said directors; belt further enacted,

troul of di-

icflors. That if any person shall feour, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the said road without the order of the said directors or any three or more of them, it shall he lawful for any of the said. directors to cause the fame' to he filled up or feoured, as the case may he, according to his dii'cre-tion, and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of the goods of such person.

jl. penalty

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall build who bufld' an7 hotife, or part of an hoivfe within forty ieet of the centre of houseswiih- either of the fold roads, or shall build any cabbin or ltoufe, whole comrmcir walls shall not be fourteen feet high at the Least, and built with house'noi1"" afld bricks, and lime mortar, and Dated or tiled, within

feet high, eighty feet of any pact of either of the said - roads, or shall build

fee, within 33 ° 1 ' 1 ’

2 any

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 297

any wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of the centre of A.D.

the said roads, or Hull make or have any passage or way from 1797'

the faitl road?, into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter

or arch underneath such way, or passage, as deep as the drain or feet of road,

1 u 1 or tv.ill cir

ditch, over which it is or shall be made, so as to allow all water ditch within

which may at any time he therein, full room to pah, or fl.all

burn, or Hull permit or fuller to he burned on his or her land, or 1,3VC Paf\

1 1 % t f.«;cs to I.ind«

bricks or weeds, or vegetable substance for a (lies, within one him- w.\uout »ut-dred feet of the centre of the said road, every such perfori shall for every such offence, upon conviction, thereof by the oath of vj;'J burr-

one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or upon the weeds, &c. view of such justice, forfeit the sum of five pounds; and if any /j-el'of con.-.-e. person Audi keep or have in his or her possession, any ettr-dog, maltiff, or htill-dog, at any honfe within fifty yards of the said wimim-e road, without a block of wood, of five pounds weight, at the orbe!?dojp lead, fattened to the neck of every such dog, or shall winnow, or "'V" 5?

’ 1 a ’ yard, ot

lay out for winnowing, any corn on the said road, or shall lay any wad, u&hcut straw, dung, or rubbish thereon, or shall ferape the fame, or shall orwiwiow lay the scouring, or earth of any ditch or drain, on the said road, and let it remain there for more than the space of twenty-four >tc. &c. hours, or shall leave on any part of the fame, between cnclosure cairi.-igis,'* and cnclosure, or permit to he left thereon, opposite or near to his or her house, any carriage, whatsoever, or any plough or liar- Iiuri«, unrow without the horse or horses, or head or hcalls being liarnctTcd tally broken i thereto, unless fuA carriage1 as shall be accidentally broken down ^a-1'

there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any person ><» shall spread out any linen, blanket, or winnow cloth, within one tre; hundred feet of the centre of said road, or shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, (tones, sand, clay, lime, or other mat- |cav<: '"!>« ter, on the said road, except for the use of the said road, or shall onroad; " leave or permit to be left, the carcase of any horse, or other bead, uJ^road) or shall (kin the fame, or permit it to be Ikinned on the said road, or leave a^car. or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in an it onihc house or yard, enclosed with walls, or shall lead or drive any car, or carriage with timber, hoards, or iron laid across, so as that yards of con-either end thereof shall project beyond the wheels, or fides of the auaWjdac", carriage, or shall drag any timber, or mill-Hones, aloilg any part of the said roads, without being supported by wheels from touch- or iron pro- ing the fame, or shall erect any ft; n-pell, or may-pole, or may- ir dragritn-’ htlfli, on any part of the said road, every person so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit the film of twenty fllillings, t,ut b«»jj upon conviction, before any justice of the peace, or director, by <Jc.raj'

vol. xviii. ’ j. f ii'e "-1 r1!; Z

T A Kl-'- n:av OltlhOft

Kl5.lt.

A’l dung, stra.v, ttoni’f* Ac. laid on road, shall become the properly of the ihredors, aiul psrfons who take l'tich ;\\<ay may be prosecuted,

and may be fined, imprisoned or whipped.

tv per day fit all be p.ii by o.vners of land, far iwety carload of Icour-

The ibirty-seven'.b 'Tear e/Ccorgc III.

the or.t!i of one credible witness, or upon the view of such juliice or director.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any person flul! drive any horse, beait, or cattle, on the foot-path oi either of the Lid roads, lush person upon convicStbn, by the oath or uie credible witness, before any jnt’.iee of the peace, director, or trndee, nr upon the view cf such justice, director, or truiLe, fT.-iIl leriait the Aim of tell .'hillings to he levied by didrels and laic of the boric, healt, or cattle, lb ridden cr driven on such loot-path.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the said directors of each of the said roads or any three of them, to make Inch rule and order.as they shall think proper, ,‘br compelling the drivers of ali carriages going from Dublin, to drive or keep such carriage on one Ade of the said road, and to drive and keep all carriages coming towards Dublin, on the other fide of the said road, and every person who shall of end again A: such rule, a id he convicted thereof, by the o.ith of one credible venue's before any justice of the^ieace, director, cr trustee, or upon viewer lush justice, director, or trustee, shall forfeit the Aim of five shillings, to he levied by distress and I'aie of such ofiender’s goods, or of inch carriage, or the horse or other beait driving the lame.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all dung, dirt, straw, rubbish, itones, gravel, faml, or lime, which shall he laid on any part of the said roads, shall he and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the said directors, am! to be their sole property, and shall be sold by them for the life of the said roads, or otherwise dil-posed of liy them, as they shall think fit; and that if any person not authorised by the said directors, shall draw away any part thereof, such person shall be deemed to have felonitnifly stolen the fame,.and shall he prosecuted and punished as any person felo-niously dealing like goods, being the private property of indrvi-. duals, provided dw.iys, that no inch person shall he lentenecd to death or tranlpu; tution, or t tiler punishment, than line, imprilbu-ment, or whipping, for the lame.

LT And be it further enacted, That for every car load cf feouring, or earth-thrown ms: of any drain or ditch, Oil any part of the said roads, which shall have remained thereon twenty-lour hours, which shall be drawn away by the said directions or their order, tile owner or occupier of the land, which such drain or ditch divides from the said road, shall fcrlsit the Aim of cue Hulling for every

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III. 299

(.very cb.y the Tame shall have remained thereon, upon conviction A. I), in manner aforesaid. 1797.

LV[. And be it further emitted, Tint it shall and may he law- Chap. 29-fill for every perftm w!ut'"ever, to take and carry away and con-

-! limber

).u! 7

part of the iaul ro.uh, f ;* the purpefe of hclii-j winnowed, or b shall be winnowing thereon. or remain thereon, after being v.m-k.-'r-v-

1 ’lli’*1|i- 11. at!'! a.l

nowed, together with the neks, or winnowing clotns woeret-n me , s.c-famcimy happen to he, mid also, all timber, which shall he lei't onany part of the said road.-i, and liud! have remained thereon (even days, not luiuig been brought or kept there by order of the said ,1, directors, or for the life of the said roads, without the let, fair, trouble, or hindrance of any person whatever.

LYil. And be it further emitted, That it shall and may S'-jpem-be lawftd for tile supervisors of the said roads, or any of them, to null down, or (ill up,' and level any wall, drain, or down,f|l!

1 ' or level wain,

ditcli, which shall be built or made, or began to be built and drains anil made, after the pafli ig of this act, upon any part of the said ‘iuc,’"i’ road, or within thirty feet of the centre of the said road, and to take up any way or paffige from the said roads, into any field or land adjoining, which may obstrutt the free paffige of water, and to remake the fame, by building a gutter or fewer, or arch thereon, at a sufficient depth, and to (hour and clear away all ob-llruttions which may happen to be made in any drain, for carrying away water from the said roads, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down, and remove any sign-pold, which ai,| may rc-shall be eretted contrary to this att, first obtaining a warrant under J."j.vc.unji.r the hand and seal of any magistrate, or any of the directors or "arram, ami trustees for so doing, and to levy the expence thereof by distress oil owners or and sale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier occ‘J,lers' of the land wherein such way, passage, or drain shall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Grand ju ful for the grand jury at any assizes or quarter-sessions, to present rieunay prs-any horde, or part of.au house of lime-kiln to.be pulled down, fog'dimT'1 which shall be built contrary to this act, within their county, and that the expenses of so doing, be levied off the goods and chattels boiltconn-ary of the offender; and that it shall and may be lawful for any per- '

son to kiil any clog which shall he kept contrary to this att, with- contrary u> out being filed or prosecuted for so doing. be kSkt3!r

I.1X. And be it further enacted, That if any funervisor fiull

' 4 51. |t?nalir

or.i; to apply for any such warrant, for forty-eight hours after lie f<Jt>.*rvify'r

shall

so: every

00 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

shall be informed, or have Teen any of the said offences or matters, 1797‘ ' or having obtained fetch warrant, shall omit for for)y eight-hours to execute the fame, unless prevented by the fevciity of weatlie:, oniiiiinn of or shall omit to apply at the next ensuing iessions or assizes, for si'iiiloncli! such presentment as aforesaid, or shall delay or negkft to seize, prosecute for, and levy any of the penalties for oflenres againii. this act, which shall come or happen within his knowledge, view,

or information, lie shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such omission, delay or neglect, upon conviction thereof, before any justice of the peace, upon the oath of anyone credible witness.

f LX. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or per-

vlu refill the fons shall refuse, or make forcible oppoiilion against any person or this act. or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall sfiault

rimfio not al1)' collector of the tolls, in the execution of his or their office or

ixrcmcw.tr- offices, or 111 all make, or attempt to make, any refeue of cattle,

fortci’t a iinn carriage, or other goods, distrained or seized by virtue of this act;

' ol.TnHc or imy constable, or sub-constable, shall refuse or neglect: to exc-

ih.ni or , cutc allY warrant granted by any justice, or by any trullee or direct be commit- ' , ' . i '

Mil. for, piviuant to the directions or this act, every inch person ostend-

ing therein, and being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lei's than forty shillings, at the discretion of such justice; and in case the same shall not immediately be paid, such justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol or House of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall he sooner paid.

Dirrftors

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful shall "I11 ac- for the said directors, or any of them, to make or accept of any

ceptoi corn- ’ 1 ’ , r 1

pofuion for composition with, or from any person whatsoever, ior any of the ° s' tolls to be paid by virtue of this act.

Amlicaiion I.XII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and offencs, pc- forfeitures, imposed for any offence committed against this act, the forfeiture!, manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly X'-fl-d"1 directed, shall and may be levied by distress and file of the ol-fcilder’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice, before whom the offender shall be convicted, by the oath of one credible witness, or his or her own confdlioti, and in case of nonpayment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall be imposed

by

3

*Ihe thirty-seventh Year of George III.

by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by such justice, by warrant under his hand and fca!, to the common gaol, orhouseof correction, thereto remain without bail or mam-prize, for -any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, o: penalty when paid, shall be applied by the said directors, in aid of the tolls, towards the ul'cs of the said road, and in rewarding the informer cr parlies convicting, and the constables or other persons assisting, or partly in the one, and partly in the other of the said ways, as to the said directors, or any of them shall 1’ecin proper.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every director and trnf-tee, and every justice of the peace, shall have power within his jurisdiction, to admiuilier all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be necessary for the purposes of this act, and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation, prescribed or empowered to be taken, by virtue of, or in pur-luance of this act, or for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, and shall wilfully affirm, or swear falfoly therein, every such person shall, upon conviction, fuller the pains and penalties enacted again! persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an oath is prescribed, or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, if he or file he a quaker, shall and may he made or taken, in the place of fitch oath.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or films of money to he levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a tfelpafler or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties dillr.iiiiing, be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall he afterwards done by the party or parties distraining,- hut the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, may recover fid! satisf.iction for the special damages in an action on the calc.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the directors of each of the fa’ul roads, or any three of them, to prosecute or defend any snit in law or equity, concerning any matter relating to the said roads in the name of the trnfi-tees of the said roads, or of the directors o.- the tre.iI’urer for the time being, and no (hit shall abate by the death or removal of such

Vol. XVIII. 4 G treasur.-r,

D’t color:, indices, an»l juiUccs may admiuilier ruths; persons who f.VMr or affirm falfrly shall fuller as

fwpe:ju;y.

Afirrmati. on of a qitf,-kcr in of an oath.

iDirtrcfs not

deemed unlawful fur

nrnt of form)

ponons a»-gutveil by ir;e£uls>riw,

may recover for specinl damage}.

Suiis to he co tu'i^cd i-i Pltntfflf trulbre-, or of

f"i*« no* ‘o

abate «y

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

treasurer, but shall be carried on in the name of the fuccecj'ing treasurer, and Hand to all intents and purposes in the fame condition as it was before such death or removal.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any ftiit shall be commenced, or any action brought against any person or perfor.r for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defen-

uance of '"5 t|ants may plead the general issue, and give this act and the speciat

i.«mc in ptffuance cf u.is sift, deft iidani*'

mny ple.i.l the matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and if upon

pcireral ifluv. ‘ ' 1

douh’e co!h if. defendant if plaintiff be non-suited,

such trial the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or have a.verdict against him, or shall discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer, there shall be judgment against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall in all such cases recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or -defendants -hath or have in other cases by law. oireflor-

LXVIII. And whereas the directors of the said roads, may by may possess virtue of this act, become.possessed of several pieces of ground over necefliryfer and above tvhat may be necessary to be laid out on the said roads; be directors ' be enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the directors of

may. wiiii each of the said roads-respectively, or any three of them, with

trustees, the consent of the trustees previously had and obtained at a

lemifc meeting called'for'that purpose,'to grant, fell, ordeniifefor any number of years, all such pieces-of ground, and that the rents . or purchase money thereof.'shall be applied in aid of the tolls of such road towards defraying the expences thereof,

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That (his shall be deemed, ^Apubluk a(jjlJ(]ge(j and - taken to bea.publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all-judges, justices, and other persons whatso-;over without specially pleading the same.

ground, in ’aid of tolls.

<3 HAP.

The shirty-fevei.lh Year of George III.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for better regulating the collectin'. of His Maje/h’s Revenue, and fir prevailing of frauds therein., and for repealing an /ItI made in ihc Thing, -sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entitled. An Act for continuing and amending the fever at Laves relating to His Majesjs Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the seventl Acts and Statutes which are mentioned in ike said Act, and continued thereby.

WHEREAS several laws have been heretofore made, for , ‘’v"

have been

preventing frauds in Ins Majesty's revenue, which have made hr pro. from time to time been continued and amended, and which by an re.

act made the last session of parliament, entitled, An Act for conti- 'C1, UC! miing and amending the several laws relating to his Majestf s Revenue, and further preventing frauds therein, were further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: And whereas to avoid the difficulty iti,cxpcJi. and confusion which may arise from the multiplicity of the said raul laws, it is found expedient to repeal the famej and to mate the several provisions herein after mentioned, for better regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds "therein: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comomns in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act mide the last fef- rcvuc »* fton of parliament, and all and every the acts and statutes thereby »« actsrtcrc-continued shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. repeal"'1*

II. And whereas by an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth provif,on ia years of the reign of his late Majesty king Chirks the second, en- {* ‘jior titled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impof upon his P"fo"s *i Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates there- jS'otord15" in hiferted, it is amongst other things provided, that if any differ- liea!" cncc or other matter of controversy or difficulty happen to arise between any merchant, trader or dealer, and the commissioners, fub-commissioners, collectors or other officers, or if any person or persons shall judge him or themselves aggrieved or injured with any manner of proceedings had or done by the commissioners, fub-commissioners, collectors or other officers, that it shall and may be lawful for every such person or persons to make his appeal to 4 G 2 the

|04 7'fe thirtj-fevaith Year of George III.

A.D.

the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or gover-1797* nors and privy council of Ireland, or such as they should appoint Chap. 3c. [jy commission under the great leal: and whereas there Is no time limited , in and by the said act, for bringing such appeal, whereby great imlouveiliencies have happened, as well to the subject as to app-al (li.itl his Majesty's revenue j be it enacted, That such person or peribii:.

!n iSvv'0 frail think himself or themselves aggrieved by any judgment montiii otter or icntGtice of the said commissioners, fub-commissioners, codec-

Jut'gjiietib t

:tors, or.other,olhcers, shall nuke his, her, or their appeal unto the said lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of Ireland, or such as shall be appointed ;by commission under the great leal, purliiant to the said recited act, within the space of two calendar months, next after such fen-.tence or judgment shall be given, and in default thereof, that no appeal shall be afterwards received.

II.I. And whereas the prosecutions before the -commissioners for appeals, -though carried on in a summary way, pursuant to the laws in force in this kingdom for that purpose, have been artfully delayed by persons prosecuting such appeals, upon account of foine informality or defect of form in the proceedings, to the great dif-No.judy- couranement of the pvofecutor or informer; be it enacted, That

im-i’C of cum- 0 , ‘

m tfiyiicri no judgment or sentence of the commissioners, or fub-commission-mfaT&T ers.of excise, shall be reversed for any informality, iinpcrfcftion, yofoimainy. or other deleft in form, either -in the information, proceedings, or judgment brought before, or given by the said commissioners, or fub-commissioners respectively.

IV. And whereas great inconveriiencies have arisen for want of fit persons being authorized to take and receive affidavits in the several counties of this kingdom, in causes or proceedings before

T.vo com- the commissioners of appeal; be it enacted, That it shall and may ^pwlTmay he to -an^ ^,c commissioners of appeals, or any two of appoint ruch them, by commission under their hands and seals, from time to time, to authorise and empower such person or persons as they fulavitVin shall think fit, in the several counties of this kingdom, to be com-.apprais, ami missioners to take and receive affidavits concerning any cause de-,6.1. (ur wcj,! pending, qr other proceedings in causes of appeal, before Ihe commissioners of appeal; and all affidavits taken as aforesaid, shall he of the fame-force, as affidavits taken before the said commissioners ;of appeal are or may l)p, and for the fivca.-ing and taking of every such affidavit, the persons so empowered or taking the fame, shall receive a fee of one stuffing and six pence, and no more.

V. And be it enacted, That no affidavit taken by any commis-nkri ais.'a- fioner authorised as aforesaid, shall be read or made use of before

m shall mi'n. '

the

The ttiirty-fevexth Year of George III. 305

the commissioners of appeal, unless the commissioner or perftm A. lJ. who takes the same shall mention in the caption thereof, the day 707-of the month when, and also the place and count y where the fame shall be sworn, and that he knows the deponent, or has been maiic Ji; credibly informed and believes th-t he is the person mentioned and described in stich affidavit. j " f l'-"

I c* .*.*» c *('y.

VI. And whereas the commissioners appointed for bearin'.; and n mui-t

determining appeals from judgments tit the chit!" Commissioners and fub-connnissioners of c-xcile are by the said leuU-d ad directed rc ' .'J

}*vi I c i.3:on

to take the oath therein set forth upon Inch their appointment, which oath the lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of exclic- j’jj.' j, J j quer, is thereby authorised to administer: and whereas on account r^1-of t!ic neccirary absence of the said lord chief haron upon circuit or otherwise, inconvenieniecs may occur: be it enacle.1, That it shall and may be lawful for the chancellor of the said court, or of «.

one of the barons thereof, or for the lord chancellor of Ireland, or ortheiorj* the keeper of the great leal thereof for the time being, to administer tlte oath required to he taken by said recited act, to the person or persons from time to time to be appointed a commissioner or commissioners of appeals, and they are hereby authoris'ed to administer such oath.

VII. And be it enacted, That every person or persons who kjinflwij

_’ . 1 ‘ ’ . to blfsivud

shall think himself, herself, or ihcmlelves aggrieved by any judg- within 20

ment or sentence of the said commissioners or fub-commissioners of p;Jb anT3*"' excite, and shall make h:s, her or their appeal unto the cominiffi- ljdScil-oners of appeal, pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act, shall serve the injunction grounded upon such appeal, within the (pace of twenty days next after such appeal shall be lodged, or in default thereof, such sentence or judgment so appealed front shall be final and co 11clulive.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited act, it is amongst other things enacted, That the commissioners for appeals, or the major part of them, shall have power to fend for parties and witnesses, and all manner of papers and writings belonging to any case brought before them, and to examine upon oath, as by the said act is directed: and whereas the said act does not empower the said commissioners to inflid a penalty upon any person who shall neglect or refuse to appear, or to lend such papers and writings, be it enacted, That in case any person shall neglect or refuse to

appear, or appearing shall relule to give his testintony concerning 0ri paCans^ the matter in question, or shall neglect or refuse to fend such pa- "^j'oraS? pars and writings as shall be required, and then shall be in his aver, orre-possession or power to fend, and shall relate to any cause brought p"p.|"

V Illii'l 2 I day. un-.r flrvice of i:v jundli'-r.s, pcn.iiiy, 20l.

Where merits have

to them by com. of ap-

306 Vl->e thirty fevcttth Year of George III.

A.D.

before the said commissioners for appeals, every such person shall

>797- for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the film of twenty

Chap^go. p0un(|s>

Conics of

IX. And be it enacted, That when any appeal shall be brought f.ri^ ic!"!'by from any sentence of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners min. 10 rog. ja their respective diilritt?, the said commissioners or fub-coimnif-

of an}u,:il% ‘ ,

sioners, shall within twenty-one days next after tarvice of the injunction to flop their proceedings, transmit, or came to be tr.inf-mitted under seal, directed to the register of appeals, a true copy attclled of all the proceedings and proofs in the said cause, unfits the delay, ffany shall happen, shall he fitrisfaclorily accounted for in the court of appeals Ly affidavit, and in default thereof, the several commissioners or fiib-commissioners who signed the said judgment, thall respectively forfeit the film of twenty pounds.

X. And whereas where there are’ appeals brought from judg. not Imai tii-.J ments of the chief commissioners, or fub-commissioners of excifi, it fiiii-o'ni.p'ro- fomcliincs happens that the merits have not been tried by such b^reoniS c'"c^ commissioners, or fith-commissioners of excite, where, by law fitch merits ought to have been tried, and it would be convenient that fitch catifcs lltottid be remanded, be it emitted, That k shall and may he lawful to and for fitch commissioners for appeal -, to remand the proceedings in every fitch case to the chief commissioners or iiih-commissioners of excite, to the end that the merits of every litclt case may be duly tried.

XI. And to the intent that all informations and complaints exhibited before the fub-commissioners, collector or coliettors of the excise, and other personss authorized purhiant to titc att before mentioned, may be impartially 'determined by disinterested persons, be it emitted, That the said ftn-commissioners, collectors of e>:-eife, and other persons that m..y be authorized and appointed by virtue of the find att, to hear and determine the matter of complaint mentioned in I nch information, and every of them, shall, if thereto required by the party or panics again! whom fuclt infor-matioji is filed, take an oath that ite is not interested or concerned directly or iridirettly in the matter or complaint then depending before them, and that he is not to gain or lose thereby on any ( ^_account whatibever, which oath the clerk or person who shall at-

admini Vial tend the fiib-commissioners, for the purpose of taking down the dcpolitions of witnesses on fuclt trial, or any of the said fub-comtniilioners is hereby authorized and required to administer, and if fitch /ub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, collector or collectors of excise, or any other person or persons to be appointed as in and by the said att is directed, shall refuse to take the said oath;

Sub-coin. cuUctilms.Ac. shall make oath ;c-qniiul, i!ut they are not imordlal in nia’h'iv depending

by cL'rk at

lti.il j

The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

as aforesaid, such fub-commissioner or ftjb-commissioners, collector or collectors, or such person or persons as may be so authorized, is and are by thisprelent aft difquahfted and rendered incapable to hear, determine, or give judgment upon the matter then depending I) efore them and contained in such information, and all proceedings to be had betoie them alter such rtftifa! shall be null at.J vthl.

X.H. A:ui whereas it has sometimes happened upon the trial of

o.Tenees hefre such fuh-commissioners of excise, th.’.t the fuh-commtlfioners hare after their court has beta opened and the tiiul began, adjourned the court merely ior their own convenience, without any' application for th.at purpose on heb.alf of the tpatties or either of them, and without any title a'ligned o:t oath to jniiifv Inch adjournment, to the great injury and delay huh of the crown am! subject; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall not he lawful for any court of liib-cotmuiiliouers to adjourn the hearing of any cause actually begun, imlcls from day to dav, for tile pnrpole of further hearing Inch cattle, Sundays excepted, unless by the consent of both parties, or upon foinc good and fu Indent cause to be assigned upon oath, by one of the parties applying for such adjournment, or his or their counsel, agent or so-licitor, or itnlcfs upon fame good and luiftcuait canle to he assigned upon oath, by one or more of the said' fub-commissioners, il any adjournment shall be deiired and applied for by him or them.

XIII. And whereas a doubt hath been made whether the commissioners, fub-commil-iooers, collectors or others authorized as aforesaid, can summon any person to tie a witness who doth not refute in the dillriet wheic ftielt complaint or information is exhibited, and whether any warrant of diltrcfs, or for imprisoiling the offender, where no fufiieient distrefe can he had, miy he executed out of the limits of such particular dillriet, be it enacted, that upon every information filed before the fail} commissioners, fub-cunmififioners, collectors or others authorized as aforesaid in the proper dillriet, witnesses and parties refi.ling in any other different dillriet of this kingdom, may he summoned to appear before them, in the same manner as if the person or persons was or were rcfi-dent, and found within the particular dillriet where such information was exhibited, and under the fame restrictions and regulations as in and by the said receited act is appointed, and also that the warrant of diilrefs and imprisonment, where no sufficient dil-trefsean be had, that shall be issued by the cmnmissioners or fub-commissioners or others, pursuant to the fAd aft, may and shall 4 H a be

Sjb-cm

111 ill llOi it.l.

Cfial-s:t wjt.i c r:

fc!i. of Ln i ovule*, cm*

U, 01 Oath,

\v:fi«ir?s

/ ouiuin* Jroju any phi i t,f thj kirgJotn, and wairrua may b -cjw! as if

iliv.Il iVCucfibS Jived in la mo dillritt.

308 The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

lio executed upon the goods and chattels, or on the person of 17L-17‘ such offender in any part or place of this kingdom, in the lame

manner as such warrants might have been executed in the particular district where the information was exhibited and judgment given.

XIV. Provided always, That no summons shall issue until it shall appear by the affidavit of some person to be made before one of the commissioners or fub-commissioners of the district where such information is filed, and who shall not he iuterefLcd in fitch information, and he is advised and verily believes that the person to be summoned is a material witness on the said information, and that every commissioner or fub-commissioner, who shall illhe such summons without such affidavit previously made, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by the persons who shall be so summoned; and in case any person or persons who shall be finn-moned by virtue of this act to he a witness as aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his, her, or their testimony concerning the matter in question, every fitch person for such neglect or refusal, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, or any

ana remove i],rcc or more of.thcin, under their hands and seals, to appoint from

iub. com. J

time to time, so many fuhordin.ite Commissioners or fub-commissioners, as the said cliief-commissioners, or any three or more of them shall find necessary, to hear and determine all offences against the excise laws of this kingdom, committed or to be committed, and that the said chief commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have fid! power to dilpiacc such fiibordinale commh-sioners or liib-commissioners, or any of them from time to tinu^ as ally, three or more of them shall think fit, and to place others in their room.

J.idpment

XVI. And be it enacted, That any judgment which shall he

o! mijoruy ’

of fob. com. given by any three or more of the fub-coniinissioners for any dit-b" ctfctlual. trid.in this kingdom, who shall fit on the trial of any information, being the majority of fitch fiib-coimnifiioners as shall have fat upon such trial, shall be as cfTcdua! as the judgment or sentence of the major part of the fiib-commissiotiers of the district, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sub.com.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to S"! *' and for such subordinate or fub-commissioners so appointed to against hear, try and determine all offences against the several laws relat-

rcvvimc Invs. 1

Summonfjs rot to be iffoed Imii <-n affidavit, as heroin, penalty, id.

the like penalty on persons who are summoned and no not attend, &c.

3 Chief

The thirty-fevettth Year of George III. 309

Ing to Ills Majesty's revenue now of force, or which shall be passed, A.D. committed, or to be committed, and to give judgment, and award execution accordingly.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for the chief Chicfcom. commissioners of the excise, or any three of them, to abate any j

nes; taking

fine, penalty, or forfeiture already set, imposed or adjudged, or to be set, imposed, or adjudged on any information in the excise formers, offices, of the respective districts, again! any person or persons for any offence whatsoever, as to them shall seem meet, and as shall be according to equity and good confidence: provided always,

That in mitigating such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, care be had that the informer or prosecutor be duly encouraged, for his care, pains, and discovery, according to the nature and quality of the fraud had, used and discovered.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the commissioners for appeals, Com.ofap. ' shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from abating or mitigat-

ing any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which shall be adjudged again! abating fines, any person for any breach of the laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, or any of them.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner? of owner or owners of any goods and merchandizes, and for the maf- 1 ,"^ ter or commander of any ship or vessel respectively, which shall "'P5 fetzed,

m.w, m\ pro-

be seizeu for any breach of any law upon producing a confont ducing a con-

in writing under the hands of three or more of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, to apply, as by law may 1

now be done in cases to be heard and determined in the court of praisement;

exchequer, for a writ of appraisement to value and appraise such

goods and merchandizes, and such ship or vessel so seized, on

which such proceedings shall and may be had, as have been usual value, as

in cases where by law writs of appraisement have issued, and ch.lncclIor"or

on return of the appraisement, or value of such goods and com- ^"scr0J1"'

modifies, and of such ships and vessels, the party or parties ap-award a writ

plying for such writ of appraisement, together with two sufficient

sureties, shall enter into a recognizance to his Majesty in double the

value of such appraisement, before the chancellor, or one of the

barons of the court, of exchequer, or before such other person or persons as they, or any of them shall appoint by commission, to be

issued out of the said court of exchequer, conditioned lo pay such

appraised value, and all other penalties and forfeitures attending

such seizure, in case such goods or merchandize, iliip or vessel, rc-

spectively, shall be condemned, and conditioned to pay the duties

due and payable on such goods and merchandize, in case the fame

shall be acquitted, and thereupon the chancellor, or any of the ba-

797* Chap. 30.

3xo The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

rons of the exchequer, shall award a writ of delivery in the usual I y q-j, manner, for such goods and merchandizes, and the ship or vessel Chap. 30. seized as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, That upon the acquittal of such goods

taioTgooJs'"anc* merchandizes, and ships or vessels from such seizure as afore-t.r ships from /aid. by the chief commissioners of the revenue, or fub-commis-

such fcr/.urc. J

ami proofof (loners, or by the commissioners of appeal, in case an appeal shall

climes^and he brought, and upon payment of the duties due and payable on

nones 10 att. tj,e importation of such (roods and merchandize, and due proof gen. recog- r o 1

nivances may made thereof before the said chancellor, or any of the barons of be vacated. court of exchequer, and notice given to his Majesty's at-

torney general for the time being, the said chancellor, or any one of the barons of the court of exchequer, shall order the said re-

Spirits illegally imported shall be sold by inch of candle, and (0 much . as duty would amount to shall be for lm Majesty, the rdl for th.’ psr.bnj who iViKe.&c.

cognizance to be vacated, and the same shall afterwards be void to all intents and pttrposes.

XXII. And whereas in cases where the duties due and payable to his Majesty on any commodity, exceed the prime cost of such commodity, collusive seizures may be concerted between the smug-gler, and the officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue; be it enacted, That as.(o all brandy, rum, geneva or other spirits, which shall hereafter he seized and condemned as being illegally imported into this kingdom, shall be sold by inch of candle, and that the produce of such seizure shall be divided in such manner, as that a

sum equal to the amount of the duties which would, in case such brandy, geneva, rum, or other spirits bad been fairly imported into this kingdom, have been payable to his Majesty for such fpi-. rits, at the respective time or times of such seizure or seizures, shall be to the ufeof his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the rc-. jnainder thereof, clear of all expenses, costs of suit and charges, go to the life of the person or persons who shall seize or discover, or give information of, and prove the same to have been illegally *s;totobacco:imported.; and as to all tobacco which shall be seized and con-pcibili'who W demned for. being illegally imported, the same shall be sold by inch leiv. c.src. and of candle, and one-third part of the gross produce arising from l uMijlfly. such ,fa,le, Audi be paid to the person or persons who shall seize or , discover the fame, clear of all expenses, costs of suit, or charges vwhatsoever, and the other two-third parts shall be to the use of his

Perfom who ;XXIII. And be it enacted, That when any goods or merchan-r'SfS dizes shall be seized, and a claim,shall be tendered by the true and iiouTivirnin la"’fol owner or proprietor thereof, or by any person authorized the ‘liitria by law to make such claim under his or their hand, that the person shall bifeiv- tendering such claim, (laall at the foot of the respective claim, ,d’ 4 mention

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 3'1

mention some particular house within the district of the excite office, at which such claim shall be tendered, where notices or summonses shall be left or served, and in default thereof that the claim shall not be deemed legal or received; and it shall be lawful to proceed to the condemnation of such goods for want of a claim, and that all notices or summonses served or left for such claimaints, with any person above the age of sixteen years, residing at such house as shall be so mentioned or expressed at the foot of laid claim, shall be as effectual as if the persons making such claim were personally served.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in case no person dial I be found refuling at such house, on whom such notice or summons can be served, such notice or summons shall be ported upon the door of the house at lead eight days before the time appointed for the determining the claim; and if the person making the claim, shall not appear on the day mentioned in the summons, or notice for the hearing of the cause, then it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners, and fub-commissioners, to hear and determine the said cause, as if such claimant had appeared.

XXV. Provided always, That due proof shall be made by the affidavit of the person who served or ported such notice, of the service or porting thereof, and if ported, that no person was found residing in such house, on whom such notice or summons could

If there be no person in 1 he hou'c, notice lli.tH (>e po'lf'J on door 3 J.iVi bcfnie ui.il, and if Inch person decs not appear trial may go

Proof on oaih of for vice orpoit.ng.

be served.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That as often as any such claim for 0r)) lo)i> any goods, merchandizes, or other things which shall be feiz- ’>' i’"-

J 0 ' p:j-.tors hir-

ed, shall be tendered by the owner or owners, proprietor or fore officer

proprietors thereof in person, the owner or owners, proprietor or to

proprietors shall at the time of rendering such claim, make oath clj>ms' before the officer or officers appointed to receive and register such claim, which oath the said officer or officers is and are hereby empowered to administer, that he, she, or they, so tendering said claim, is or are the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of the goods, merchandizes, or other things which shall have been so seized, and that in case the goods, merchandizes, 0u(l M j or other things so seized, shall be claimed by any person or persons "'’debyper-as deputed to claim the goods so seized, that then such person persons so tendering a. claim, shall make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive and register such claim, which oath the said officer or officers is and are hereby empowered to administer, that he, she, or they is or are well acquainted with the handwriting of the person or persons whose name or names is or are subscribed to such deputation, and that according to his, her, or 4 I 2 their

312 The ihlrty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

their belief, the name or names subscribed to the deputation, ap-*797‘ polntment or power, is or are the hand-writing of the person or Chap.30. pCrpons whose name or names is or are thereto subscribed, and that the person or persons whose name or names is or are so subscribed, is or are as the person so making oath verily believes, the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of the goods, merchandizes, or other things then under seizure, which several affidavits and deputations shall be deposited with such officer or officers.

' If affidavits

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in case of refusal or omission to «tS Md' make such affidavit, at the times and in manner aforesaid, it shall and ~r may be lawful to and for such officer and officers, to refuse to they shall not receive orregiltcr any such claim or claims, and the tender thereof - ’ shall be void, and it fliill be lawful for the chief commissioners, or

fub-commissioners, to proceed to the condemnation of such goods, merchandizes, or other things for want of a claim.

Claimants

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That upon the entry of every such securitVffir' claim, the person or persons who shall enter fitch claim, shall be coiu'"'°f bound with two sufficient furelies, to be approved of by the chief commissioners of his MajestyV revenue, or by the collector or . other principal officer of the revenue, at the port or district where such claim- shall be entered, in the penalty of one hundred pounds,

to answerund pay the cods occasioned-by such claim, in case of condemnation; such cost to be taxed by the chief remembrancer of the court of exchequer or his-deputy, and in default of giving such

security within the time limited for entering claims, such claim shall be void, and it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners and

fub-commissioners. to proceed to condemnation for want of a . claim.

Captains may claim for foreign merchants, malting affidavit

of their names And places of abode, and perfoiming other r.cqut--flics.

XXIX. And whereas it may bedifficult for foreign merchants to comply with the last of the above mentioned provisions; be it enacted, That whenever any ffiip or vessel, or the cargo thereof shall be seized, it shall be lawful for the matter or other person having, charge of such ffiip or vessel, or the cargo thereof, to claim--such ship or vessel, or the cargo thereof, on account of the owners or proprietors thereof, such person making an affidavit before the officer empowered to receive such claim, of the names and places of abode of the real owners and proprietors thereof, and of-'the person or persons to whom such ffiip or cargo is consigned, and also performing the several requisites herein before mentioned, with respect to persons making claim to any goods, wares and merchandize seized as aforesaid.

Proof of

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any exciseable goods shall be Sum* seized for non-payment of duties, or- other cause of forfeiture, and

any

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

any dispute shall arise whether the duties have been raid for the fame, or whether the fame have been lawfully imperted; or legally compounded for, or condemned, or concerning llv i 'ace from whence such goods were brought, in such case the proof of the payment of the duties, or of the legal importation, or kvcompo-lition or sale, or condemnation, or the place from whence such goods were brought, as the case may happen, shall lie on the owner or claimcr of such goods, and not on the officer who shall seize or Hop such goods.

XXXI. And whereas persons convicted before the chief commissioners,andfuh-commissionersofexciserespectively,ofoffences against the excise laws of this kingdom, ami thereby’ subject to the payment of fines and penalties, have frccpienrly in order to avoid the cflcfls of warrants issued by the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners respectively, against the goods and chattels of such persons, for the levying of such fines and penalties, procured different persons to make claims of the goods and chattels seized under such warrants, grounded on various pretences, and thereby have avoided the payment of such fines and penalties; fiv remedy whereof, be it enacted, That all goods and chattels whatsoever in the use, custody, or possession of any person or persons convicted as aforesaid, shall and may be seized by virtue of such warrants," and fold for the payment of such fines and penalties, without regard to any claim which any person or persons may have, or pretend to have, upon any account whatsoever: provided always, that nothing herein contained, shall extend to prejudice any right which any landlord may have over said goods and chattels, for recovery of his rent.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That any goods, ship, vessel or boat, which shall be seized, may be taken and conveyed to that port where tobacco may by law he imported, which shall be next adjoining to the place where such ship, vessel, boat, or goods; shall hefo seized.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, for the district in which such port is, to which any such ship, vessel, boat, or goods shall be as aforesaid taken and conveyed under seizure, to hear, try, and determine the legality of such seizure, and give judgment, and award execution thereon, as. fully to all intents and purposes, and with such powers, as if such seizure had been made within their particular district.

A'l Roods and chattels in p. iUflioi) of persons ii-

rb!c to fjn*<, &c. may be fold, without regard to the ci.iinii of others;

Goods, vc f. feJs,&c. seized may be brought to the next port where tobacco may be imported.

CommiiT. may try such fei'/urcs, as if vtfll’Ir, good:, &c. were seized ia tlnir j.»it«cu-lai dillrict.

314 thirty-fcoenth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it Hull be lawful to convey

' 707- all goods or mcrcli uulize which have been, or shall be seized for a breach of any law of force in this kingdom, relating to his Ma-G'jedi jesty’s revenue, from t'u: place where they shall have been actually be to^h, ,0 seized, to the excii'o office in the next neighbouring district, 10 yscifcoffice which ('uc|, goods Ci:i with fifetv be conveyed, if the officer feiz-

ln next et- a , '

trta, it i in ing the fame, flail think k necessary to remove them to such neigh-ntc* IT'iVy.'11 bouring district.

CopmilE-

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for tiii!ri:s, may the commissioners, or iub-cominirtioners of excise for the district lUycf'rtti ' bit° which such goods and merchandizes have been, or may be as itaure;. . aforesaid taken and conveyed under seizure, to hear, try, and determine the legality of such seizure, and give judgment, and award execution thereon, as fully to all intents and purposes, and with such powers, as if Inch seizure had been made within their particular district, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sci/.in-

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every no,iv ,0 bo such case, a feizinc: note shall be lodged as well in the excise office

Iodgod in cy- .

«ifc ot'.ice of of the dillridt in winch Inch icizure than have been a finally made, fciMd!*miC as 'n t!uexcise-oflice of the distriift into which such goods shall he vlicrc con- taken and conveyed; and in c.ifc a claim shall be made, notice shall rtays nuc.cj be given, to the person who-flail so claim, of the time and place, tocti.mant?. w|len where fuc[l trial shall be had, twenty^one days at the

least, before the day appointed for such trial.

Veni!^

XXXVII. And be it enacted,' That when any ship -or vessel (li;!l b; trail shall be condemned by virtue of any law or laws relating to the reclaim, for venue, such 'fiiip or veil'd shall be jdischargetl from -all demands fcjmca’j whatsoever, for wages claimed by mariners, for having served on , board such Jliip or vessel, any la-w or statute to the contrary not--, withstanding.

XXXVIII. , And be it enacted, That in all cases where by any Ail . r

&c. Hiall be law any goods or commodities whatsoever, shall be forfeited, all

forfiiicJWUil the calks, cases and vessels, and oil and every package and cover-good.-. . ;ng whatsoever, in which the same shall be found, 111 all al so be' forfeited and conflfcated.

Noreplc-

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no writ of replevin, writ of giro'll sailed, deliverance, or writ cf recaption, shall at any time hereafter, with- out leave lirft obtained for that purpose from the court of Exche-

lc.ive from qjier, be. executed for any goods seized by any officer of cxcil'e for chr^"/, ‘ini- being run,- or intended to be run, -without payment of duties due edbyTw"’ and d'arScable thereupon, or for goods detained to answer the payment of duties due and chargeable thereupon, unless such goods shall be first acquitted by due course of law.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. o r -

XL. And be it enacted, That in all calls where any information A.D. shall be filed for any penalty which is or shall he imposed by any 1797. 'law on the mailer or mate of any ship or veil'd for any breach of Chap. 33. any such law committed during the time lie ailed as mailer or mete VcmT.x may

of any such vessel, it shall be lawful for the officers of his 'h -^'aeo;!

1 ... I ,r lU*S Majesty's revenue, or any of them, to detain the ship or veil'd, of 0!> rulers w

which such person against whom any such information fimll be piiJor f«ur-filetl is or had been mailer or mate, until the penalties to which cJ as ller-'"1-they shall become liable, shall be paid, or security given for the payment thereof, by recognizance to his Majesty, in double the penalty, with which such person shall be so charged before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of Exchequer, or before such other person or persons as they, or any of them shall appoint, by commission illiied out of the said court of Exchequer, conditioned to pay the said penalty, wherewith laid mailer or mate is charged, in case he shall be adjudged to pay the same, and thereupon the said barons shall award a writ of delivery for luck -ship or vessel.

XLI. Provided always, That upon acquittal of such person charged as aforesaid, by the chief commissioners of the revenu

Suc?i r«*-copni/..i:*c«'4

or their ftlb-commissioners, or by the commissioners of appeal, in cntLi upon

iCijiiithi) 0*

prrions

clurircJ.

Vesse'is

case an appeal shall be brought, and due proof made thereof, before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the said court of Exchequer, and notice given to his Majesty's attorney-general, for the time being, that then the chancellor or any of the barons of the court of Exchequer, shall order the recognizance to be vacated.

XLII. And whereas persons against whom informations may be filed, may quit the kingdom, in order to avoid being served with notice of the trial of such information; be it enacted, That in all cases where any such information shall be filed against the mailer or m|>y Jc-mate of any ship or vessel, and that such ship or vessel shall be de- mailer. < r tained as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the officer who flp.ll detain om’in?o* such vessel, to retain the possession of such vessel, until the person against whom such information shall be filed, shall lodge in the Ex- notice at cx* cife-office of the district where such information shall be filed, a notice in writing, specifying some particular house within the "f "j’jJjljjJ dillrid where notice of trial shall be left or served; and that all bcfcr.cd, a,

’ notices served or left for such person or persons, with any person ‘ above the age of sixteen years, refiling at such house, as shall be so mentioned in such notice, shall be valid inlaw, and as efilflual, as if the person or persons against whom information shall be filed, were personally served with such notice.

4 K 2

3i6 A.D.

1797* Chap. 30.

Ships, bcnlts, fix. deemed poriHi.ible goods.

Periflnble goods lodged in his Mnjef-ty’s Hores, to feciire duties, nny be ' fold after 2 mouths, and goods not , ' perilhvble after 6 months, Overplus,

niter duty, varchouie-room,&-c. to be paid to . owners

: 1 month’* notice of such file to be polled in long room.

The tUrty-seventh Year of George III.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That all peri (liable goods, which shall be seized by any of the officers of his Majesty's revenue, or other person or persons, shall and may be sold at any time after the seizure thereof, by order of the chief commissioners of excite, or any three or more of them, whether such goods shall have been claimed or not; and the produce anting by and from such Tale, shall he accounted for and paid to such person and persons respectively, as shall be by law entitled thereto, in ten days after the time given by law for appealing shall be elapsed; or in case of any appeal in ten days after the determination of such appeal; and the produce arising by or from such sale, after deducting the duty due and payable to his Majesty on such goods, and paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, shall be in full satisfaction of the goods so seized.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all ships, vessels, boats or heads of burden now seized, or which shall at any time after the passing of this act he seized, for any breach of the laws of this kingdom, shall be deemed perishable goods, and liable to such rules, regulations, and provisions, as at present by law fub/ift, respecting perishable goods, seized and condemned for any offence against the laws of this kingdom.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commissioners of the customs or excise, or any three or more of them, the collector 0: Other chief officer of the port, for the time being, in their respective district6, in all cases where goods are or shall he brought into his Majesty's store-houses, for the security of the customs, or other duties due- thereon, to cause all such goods, if pe-rifliable, which shall have remained there for the space of two months, and if not perishable, for the space of six months, the subsidies and duties upon which have not been, paid, or otherwise secured, as the law directs, to be publickly sold by auction, or inch of candle, as soon as conveniently, they can, and after such sale, the produce thereof shall be first applied towards the payment of the customs and duties due thereupon, and in the next place the charges of the warehouse-room, freight, and other charges, and the overplus shall be paid to the proprietor or other persons so authorized to receive the same: provided always, That before any such saie of goods shall be made, one month’s notice thereof, ami of the place and time of making such sale, shall be publickly polled up in the long-room at the custom-house of the port where the sale is to be made.

XLVI. And in order to prevent the great expence and trouble which the officers of his Majesty's revenue may be at, in proving the

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III. 3 T 7

the commissions under which they ail, be it enacted, That in nil fiiits, actions intiiftments, or information.*, brought against any otlicer of his Majesty's revenue, and in all suits, act:o:is, indictments, or informations brought by any otlicer of his Mi-jsfly’s revenue in his own name, or in his Majesty's name, or in the name of any informer, where it may be ncceifiry to prove the commission or commissions of any fub-commissioner or (ub-commissioners, or any other officer or officers of his M.i-jesty’s revenue, an attested cony of the entry in any of the books of, or belonging to the commissioners of his Majesty's custom.s or excise in Dublin, or of the entry in the collector's books of that district where he or they acted as a fub-commissioner or fub-oom-millioners, or as any other officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, shall be admitted as evidence in all courts of this kingdom, of his or their being a legal fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or other legal officer or officers, or of his or their having authority to act as a fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or as an officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, without producing the commission by which he or they were appointed.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case any suit shall be brought against any person or persons for any matter by ldm or them done or executed by virtue of, or in pursuanccof any act or acts now of force, or which shall be hereafter made, relating to his Majesty's revenue, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months, next alter the alledged cause of action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the proper county where such alledged cause of

A.D. 1797.Chap. ;o.

Sibi’ for ni.:t:cr*. -iur.c u-uI'.t th* an, ili,11 he C-.' '.:t ;iJ

action shall have risen; and the defendant or defendants in such nQ.ion, may plead the general issue, or, in case the action shall be an action of replevin, may avow generally, that lie or they took the goods in the declaration mentioned, as an officer or officers of excile, and may give this act, and the spectal matter in evidence, at any trial to be bad thereon, and that the fame was done in p;:r-fuance of, and by authority of this act, or Ionic other act relying - r.r

to his Majesty's revenue; and if a verdict shall pass for the de- . ’’ fendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or phiiutifls shall become f to non-liiited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prolecr.ti-.m, " or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, up: 1 demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants Ihol! have treble costs against such plaintiff or plaintiffs: provided a!- 'j 1 ways, That such officer or officers, his or their attorney or at: r- - r-r.ics, shall at least fourteen days before such triai, in case such > f- c . t; n.;,. .1 ficer or officers, shall, on such trial, give any record or record; in c. i- !'i. j. ij deuce, give notice in writing to the plaintiff or his attom.'v, v.h..t record or records he or they intend to give in evidence on inch u i.d.

\ OL. XVIII. 4 L XLViil. And

9j 8 The venth Year of George III.

A.D.

XIATIf. An 1 bo it '.acted, That where any action, informa-, -fjy. trm or indictment, lh:.!l he commenced or prosecuteil against any Ch.m. 30. officer oi- his Maj.flv’s revenue, on account of any act done by inch officer, hv r-.a1';i nr under colour of his office, it fisall i:c pfiion, 0:. lawful for such Albert' take exception to any of the jurors re-" turned for the tri.:! -.if Midi action, information, or indictment, hj v.’ho l)c 0p :t,c i',.., |3-;[tncfs, trade or calling with the piain-I Ju.iirs till or plaintiffs in lltca action, or prolocutor or prosecutors of inch

F.*'-(fwitii1*' information or indictment, or any of them, and upon proof there-l'i &Jr every such juror ili.di be let aiide, as in the case of ether

legal challenges.

Plaintiff!

XLIX. And be it cnnfied, That it shall lie lawful for the plain-funL'ctors tiff or prosecutor in such action, information, or indictment, to on led. tucis. take exception against any officer of the customs or excise, who shall lie returned as a juror to try fitch action, information, or indictment, and upon proof thereof, every such juror shall be set act'.ic, as in the case of other legal challenges.

\vwe . I. And be it enacted, That in case any information shall he riouauiive commenced ami brought to trial, on account of any femurs of any tan ftiral, (lain or goods as forfeited by virtue of this or any other ad of

jm.l Vip.iict . t r t n r

forticfcnJ- parliament routing to n:s Majesty s revenue or customs or c\‘c;le,

on’-ulut3'0' "'herein a verdict shall be found for the defendant or claimer

liar:-was a thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court before whom the

ca-it’i.T lame shall have been tried, that there was a probable cause of

fc-Kl'nVihril fei'/.urc, the judge or eourt before whom the information shall have

wn j:-. cutis, |)Ct,n tried, may certify on the record that there tvas a probable

cause for such seizure having been made, and in such case the

defendant or claimer shall not lie entitled to any coils of suit

whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure,

or cattfed the lame to be made, be liable to any action, indict-

wiicrc ment, or other (hit or prosecution on account of such seizure; and

"reciit *n ca*° any ac"tion, indictment, or other suit or prosecution (lull

i.nacciuuu commenced and brought to trial, against any person or persons

if mini- ’ on account of any seizure of.any ship or goods as forfeited by

biilioc.rifc" 'btuc of this or any other act of parliament relating to his Majes-

"lyp-'i'on. . tv’s customs and excise, and a verdict shall be given against the

trial. j l.!l:nir ‘ , ° r

iliaii not defendant or deieudants in such action, indictment, suit, or proie-

lUiqice)!'n.sr entien, if the court or judge before whom such action or profecii-

Ki<.u.iirt b; jJqj, j]lau have been tried, shall certify on the record, that there

inn d tihovo_i

sne iliillii'g. was a prebabie cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff or plain-, tiffs i’uaii not be entitled to coils of suit, nor to above two pence damages, besides such ship and goods, or ships or goods, as the case dull be, or the value thereof at any time of the seizure; nor

ill all

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III. 3 1

l!;a!l the defendant or defendants in such proleciuioii, where 1 A. 11. ihji! njipear ‘to the judge or court before whom such defendant or *7'.’7-defendants shall be tried, that there was any Inch certificate given, as aforesaid, that there was a probable c.uile of seizure, be fined above one shilling.

1.1. And be it cnidled. Tint in all afllons hercaster to be win-.- re-brought against the ciiicer or officers of Ids iVl.ijesty’s revenue. Ids jh,j,-Vilt or their ailiilant or alTiilanls, for any tiling done by turn or them 'll

0 % co 3. pb.’n-

in the execution of his or ihcir office, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, ur, ii-si-.vc in every such action, shall give notice of trial at lead: twenty days UcHHl uul, before the trial of any such iiftion, to the defendant or defendants, T’ hlic

J 1 ' to

or his or their attorney or attornies, and that in like manner, if wT, «!..« the trial of such action shall be brought on by previso, tile like by’i.Vlfo*. notice shall be given by such defendant or defendants, to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, Ills or their attorney or attornies.

LII. And be it emitted, That in all suits, actions, indictments, Au r.iu-a-.i or informations, brought against any officer of his Msjcily’s reve- Jil'/jj.'jl/uf' nue, and in all suits, adiiotis, indictments or informations brought wsr-crunns

' n 0 i-' cj s

by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, in his own name, or in u; his Majesty's name, or in the name of any informer, where it Tjl'l f' may be necessary to prove any proceeding, decree, or order oflril1-the commissioners for appeals, a true copy of any such proceeding, decree or order of the said commissioners for appeals, altcfted by their secretary or rogifter, for the time being, shall be admitted to be read in evidence upon the trial of any such afiien, h-distment, or information, as if the original decree or order of the said commissioners were produced and proved co. any such trial.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all contrafis, notes, bills, bonds, as con. judgments, mortgages, or other securities given or executed by for any person or persons, where the whole or any part of the confi- . ,*£! Jjy deration of such security or securities shall be for any goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be run or brought into tills kingdom, with an intent to run the fame, to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fticcessors, of the duties now payable, or which full at any time hereafter be made payable upon any Inch goods, wares or merchandize, shall, as between the coutraftor or comracl ars, drawer and drawee, conuzor or couuzee, mortgagor and mortgagee, obligor and obligee, and all and every person and persons having notice that any such ncte, bill, bond, mortgage, judgment or other feiurity was given, and executed for goods so run, or intended to be run, be utterly void to all intents and purposes wh.it-soever.

4 L 2

The fort!

cV.na-itar cr ;i:iy of the judges may

nfliijinifler nu!i.i of office to com-nrHlor.ers of rulinms and

o.cife.

T'cffons nppointccl to c.fii.\y in

jiriy, uiiii to:; fen: of aniiii’fii-oners, t.i!:e t»aihs heiors r.o>v ritulr -i'-.d,

r hrfoic the <(.!le:\or; of tUi;

Ci

or pitents of vnmnv.f*

n'lir-i'i i j iin: (ii* fe'cral, l n'1 l.u i Ji.l i.i I.n

Ah r.p-p«V»it.n.*nts of

oilicer# in r;cifc, flu! lv In- com-niiiiioncis of c.\ciil’, with

The thletj-seventh Year of George III.

LIV. And whereas the chief commissioners of his Majesty's culloms and cxcile, arc, as the law now (lands, to take the oaths of office, and be sworn into their oflice, before the lord chief baron, or in his absence before the chancellor of his Majesty's court cf exchequer, or one of the barons thereof, which frequently, on account of their able;: :c, proves inconvenient; be it enacted, That it shall and may lac l.iwiul for the lord chancellor of Ireland, cr keeper of the great leal thereof for the time being, or for the chief justice of his i\Iujesty’s court of king’s bench or commen pleas, or for any of the judges of the said courts,' to administer the said oaths of office, to the person or persons appointed to be commissioner or commissioners of his Majesty's culloms and cxcile, and they are hereby empowered to administer such oaths.

LV. And whereas it may lie inconvenient to require the attendance of the several officers of his Majesty's revenue in the city of Dublin, in order to qualify themselves for their several employments; be it enacted, Tli.it at all times hereafter, every person or persons appointed to any office or employment in his Majesty's revenue, Until and may, with the consent of the commissioners of excise, or any three of them, take the oath of office, or any other oaths which he or they are respectively directed or required by the laws of this kingdom to take, before their entering on their respective offices, either before such person or persons as are now authorized to administer the lame, or before the collector of the dillriT where such office;- shall be appointed to rende, of and in the lcver.il and rdpeclive counties, counties of towns, and counties c-f cities in thi- kingdom, where such officer or officers shall he appointed to rende; and such colleifcor is hereby empowered and required to administei the said oath or oaths.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the commissions and letters patent which have been heretofore, or shall he hereafter nailed under the great leal of this kingdom, constituting and appointing the several and respective persons named or mentioned in such commissions or letters patent, respectively, commissioners of exthe, or commissioners of culloms, to have and to hold their respective offices cr places during their good behaviour, respectively, or during his Majesty’s. pleasure only, whether such commissions cr Liters patent respectively flia'.l be joint or several, shall be vaiid and e fie final in law, to all intents and purposes.

LVU. And be it enacted, That all and every the collectors, clerks, fcirchevs, waiters, messengers, and other officers in the cxcile hereafter to be appointed, and all appointments of the said officers hereafter to be made, shall be by the chief commissioners of

The thirty-Jk’snlh Year of George III. 321

of excise, or any three or more of them, under their hands and A.D. foils, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or 1797. cither chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time Chap.30. being; and the said commissioners, or any three of them, with —v

' approbation

the approbation oi the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or of lord lieu.

governors, for the time being, shall have full power to displace

the said oiTicers, or any of them, from time to time, and place l"10nc,s mnr . J j ' i r i_ displacethcm,

ethers ni then* rcom, and to allow them, and every or them, such am! appoint

i'everal yearly wages, to he paid tlicm quarterly out of the receipts JcwaiS»"1&c of the said office, and other accidental rewards for their pains &c-and Cervices as they shall think fit, to be all'o paid them out of the receipts of the said office; such officers to have the fame powers and authorities, and to be subject to the fame forfeitures, penalties, fulpensions, removals and regulations in all other respects, as is or are provided by any act or acts of parliament, relating to such officers respectively.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, fubor- Commifli-dinate commissioners, fub-commissioners or collectors, flrall have, commission-for their several pains in and about the said business,.such reasonable fuins of money allotted them by tvay of poundage, or otherwise, allowed such as the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or C'lfe?.'’ °* governors of Ireland, for the time being, shall think fit. tS-fii'111

LIX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any complaint touching the conduit of any officer of his Majesty's revenue shall complaims be made to the chief commissioners, and fub-commissioners, respect rew-tively, and they shall judge it expedient to enquire into the conduct of such officer or officers, it shall be lawful for the said ers or fob-chief commissioners, and fub-commissioners respectively, to pro- cXm-iyllf ceed to examine into the matter of such charge, by summoning, or causing parties or witnesses to be summoned, to appear before summoa wit. them by summons in writing, under the hand of such person or c.«nn’nc ttn-m persons as they shall respectively appoint to iign the lame, such 0:1 M,a ‘ summonses to be left at the usual place of abode of such parties or witnesses, and to examine such witnesses upon oath, and in case of a quaker, upon solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners are hereby respectively empowered to administer; and in case any person ferfou duly summoned as aforesaid, to be a witness and to give icfiimony "no: as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or shall aPPKr>or

91 1 who refuse to

refuie to maKe oath, or, it a quaker, affirmation, for discovery gUc testi-of his knowledge concerning the matter in question, or making 5,1 oath or affirmation shall refuse to answer any question which shall be put to him or her touching the matter in question, such person Vet. XVIII. 4 M shall,

323 ' The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

shall, for every time he or (lie shall so offend, forfeit the sum of 179 7* tcn Poun<k>to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

Chap.30.

LX. Provided always, That no person or persons who may give *——rs/ tellimony concerning any matter which shall be enquired into, giving tetti- shall he subject or liable to any forfeiture, fine, or punishment, mu'bc'liailic w^'ch be, dlci or they may respectively have incurred, or be fub-thereby, to je£t to, by reason of any criminality in such person or persons in nitoent!'1 the matters so enquired into, or be in any wise prosecuted or sued for the same.

Mariners issue process ngiiinil commanders of revenue cruizers, for prize money:

no such pro-ccfs shall be issued.

LXI. Whereas though the prize money and wages due to the mariners serving on board vessels employed in the service of the revenue, arc paid and payable by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue; yet it frequently happens that mariners employed on board revenue vessels, for fxnifler purposes, issue process against the commanders of such vessels, for recovery of prize money due, or alledged to be due to them, by means whereof such commanders are often prevented from proceeding on their cruises, to the great injury of the revenue j be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any process to issue at the suit of any mariner belonging to any vessel employed in the service of the revenue of this kingdom, against the commander' thereof, on account of prize money or wages due, or alledged to he due to such mariner, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXK. And whereas where two or more persons are concerned

as informers, discoverers, or seizing-oflicers, dilputes may arise between such persons, as to the proportion of reward and distribution of the produce of (cizures, to the great detriment of his Majesty's revenue, and discouragement of such informers and Where two seizing-officers; be it enacted, That in every case where two or fonschimT more persons tliall claim any right to any reward on account of reward^ any fe;2ure^ penalty, or forfeiture, which they may be entitled to, ers, coiice- the commissioners of excite, or any three or more of them, or the com’inUIlon- collector or collectors, or fub-commissioners in their several dif-en may near tr;,qs vv]i0 /])a][ jlt,ar anc] determine such seizures, shall and are

cMinv, ami

diilribiuc hereby empowered and required to hear the several claims and J demands of such persons as may think themselves entitled to any reward, on account of any information, discovery, or seizure, and to give or distribute the fame in such proportions as may be just; such orders, which order or (cntence, if made by the said commissioners of ommiflioa- excise, or the major part of them, shall be conclusive to the said ers. iliail lie parties, but if such order shall be made by any collector or col-

CDItCluftVCa

but if nude lodtors, or fub-commissioners in their several districts, and the offub.cjm-S person or persons making such claim or claims shall think' himself

m";0ijn;rs, j[ Of

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 323

or themselves injured by such order or sentence, it shall be law- A.D. fid for such person or persons to appeal from such order or fen- *797' tence, to the said commif.ushers of excise, and they, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to receive apmis may such appeal or appeals, and to affirm, vary, or amend such fen- com.niiijmi-tence or order, in such manner as mav he just, which affirmance, 1

1 . j j 1 mo'un alter

variation, or amendment made upon such appeal, shall be final tucliorJeis. and conclusive to the parties; provided that every such person or persons who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved or injured by such order or sentence of any such cuiledtor or collectors, or fub-commissioners, shall make his or their appeal or appeals to the chief connnissioners of excise, within the space of one calendar month, next after such sentence or ordet shall be given, and in default thereof, that no appeal shall be afterwards received.

LXIII. And whereas it frequently happens that the collectors of Disunity

1 ' 1 r of recovering

his Majesty's revenue are, at the time of their death, or discharge debts dm by from their employments, indebted to his Majesty; and it hath ar«.r drath been found difficult to recover such debts from the persons who became security for such collectors, on account of the difficulty of sureties: proving that such collectors actually received the several sums of which their arrears consist; for remedy whereef, be it enacted, every ab-That every abstract and account which hath been, or shall he transmitted to the proper officer by any collector, and also every account settled between any collector and the accountant-general, and every shall, in all actions or suits commenced, or to be commenced against between the lurcties of such collector, be allowed in all courts of law and ll"m an,i llic

accountant-

equity, as evidence of the debt and arrears thereby appearing to general shall be allowed as

iJcocc of

or clerk of debt!,nd

arrears. Persons

be due to his Majesty.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any collecto: any collector, or other person or persons, shall wilfully destroy, or cause to be destroyed, or shall, with design to defraud his Majesty, or deface5, his heirs or successors, wilfully obliterate or deface, or cause to be cour^belong-obliterated or defaced, any of the books of account appertaining ins"r','j to his Majesty's revenue, or belonging to any custom-house or for death, excise-oflice, every such collector, clerk of any collector, or other person or persons being legally convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuiTer death without benefit of clergy.

LXV. And be it enacted, That if any collector, clerk of any

collector, or other person or persons, shall wilfully take away or away or fe-

secrete any of the books of account appertaining to his Majesty’s

revenue, or belonging to any custom-lioule or excise-office, and imioaging to 00 ' revenue, and shall not within twenty-one days after demand made by the chief shall noide-4M 2 commissioners Iiur*em

3*4

The tpirty-seventh Year of George III. A.D. 1797.Chap. 30.

(upon oath if required)

within 21 days, to commissioners, or person appointed by them, shall suffer death.

jio attainder, .&c. frail en-sue such con-viflion.

If collector or clerk ai>' fcond, if notice be affixed to principat door of cuf. tom-house or

excise-office,

commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two or more of them, or by any officer specially authorised for that purpose, by writing under the hands and seals of any tu o or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, deliver up (upon oath if required) to the chief commissioners or officer authorized by them as aforesaid, all such books of account relating to his Majesty's revenue, in his, her, or their custody or power, every collector, clerk of any collector, or other person or persons so offending, on being legally convicted thereof, shall he adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy: provided nevertheless, That no attainder, corruption of blood, or other disability shall.ensue such conviction.

1XVI. Provided also, That in case such collector, or clerk of any collector, shall abscond or conceal himself, so as a personal demand cannot be made for such books of account as are herein before mentioned, on notice or demand made in writing, and affixed to the principal door of such custom-house or excise-oflice, and

-Intel PrlntcJ in the Dublin gazette for the space of three calendar for 3 months, months, such notice or demand so affixed and printed, shall be effctlmil as" if deemed and taken to be as effectual in law, to all intents, con- dc-structions and purposes, as if a personal demand had been made made. on such collector or clerk charged with taking away or secreting such books of account.

ProffCinions

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person or Persons shall be prosecuted by indictment, or otherwise, for any be within 2 of the offences hereby made capital, unless the fame be brought

or exhibited within two years next after the offence committed.

Affidavit to

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every collector of his Ma-

qSauc'iy0!-0 jesty’s revenue in this kingdom, shall, to every quarterly account counts of col- j,y him ieilt Up to ^c commissioners of his Majesty's customt and excise, annex the following affidavit, to be by him signed and made before a justice of the peace, or chief magistrate of some town-corporate, that is to say

Oath. /A.B. collector of dofwcar, that I have care-

fully perused and examined the foregoing account of receipts and payments for his Majesty s life, for the quarter aiding the day of laf, containing pages, and have carefully

compared the fame with the several vouchers and entries, and that the fame is, to the be/} of my knowledge, judgment, and belief, a jujl and true account, and contains all the receipts and paymuiis that /,

a:

T/j. birty-seventh Year of George III.

as collector, am accountable for, within the period of thus therein comprehended, and further, that the several arrears returned in the Jhid account, are really due and lying out uncollected, as I verily believe.

LXIX. Am! licit enacted, That the several officers of the custom-house quays and floras, and the officers appointed to take entries, shall give constant and due attendance in their respective Uations and bufincfll-s, from the first day of 'October, to the first: day of March, in every year, front the hour of ten o’clock in the forenoon, to the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon, and from the first day of March, to the first clay of October, in every year, from the hour of nine o’clock in the forenoon, to the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon of every day, Sundays and holidays excepted, for the dispatch of business, instead of attending at the several hours during which they were formerly required to attend.

LXX. And be it enacted, That in any case where by any law now of, force, or which hereafter shall be enacted in this kingdom, relating to his M.ijeily’s revenue, any bond is or shall he directed to be executed, and that the officer or officers whose duty it is to get fitch bonds so executed, shall neglect or omit to see that the fame is duly executed by the person or persons directed- by any such law to execute the fame, that then, and in every such case, such officer or officers shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That all justices of the peace, mayors, sheriffs, portrieves,' bailiffs, sovereigns, constab'cs, headboroughs, and all the King’s Majesty's officers, ministers, and subjects serving under his Majesty, by commission, warrant, or otherwise, shall be aiding and assisting to all and every person and persons who are, oi shall be appointed to manage or collect his revenues, and the officers of those revenues respectively, and their respective deputies, in the due execution of all and every act and thing required and enjoined by this or any act or acts of parliament of force, or which shall be hereafter enacted relative to his Majesty's revenue, and the due collection thereof, and all such persons as shall be aiding and assisting unto them in the due execution thereof, shall be defended and laved harmlels by virtue of this act; and the proper officers of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland, are hereby authorised, by application made to them by any known solicitor of his Majesty's revenues, or any of them respectively, upon his'pro-ducing an order signed by (he chief commissioners of his Majesty’s

Vol. XVIII, 4 N revenue,

3*5

A.D.

Oflkers of iloico at.

tmd In m lo to 3, Jioin in Odt. to nl Mar. and from9to t MZr, to 1 Oil.

tool. p-. nalty on «tl>-cm who ho

glcdt to get bonds executed.

A! persons serving under Ills Majesty by commilfi-on, warrant, or otherwise, fltal! afiitl revenue officer*,

officers of coutt of exchequer may issue nriu of jfli/Unce on application of foliuu.r ol revenue.

326 The thlrly-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

revenue, or any three or more of them, to issue writs of assistance 1797- under the foal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, to authorize Chap 30. t]le 0£]cers of h;s Majesty's revenue to require and demand the aid and assistance of his Majesty's officers, and all other persons as herein before mentioned.

nj'r al'iir

LXXII. Provided always, That fudt writs of assistance shall v<;/or i!u!i not he made use of by any officer under the degree of a Purveyor, aiiiitan'cc, unless such officer shall have a written order, signed by feme fu-wrliMurJer Per‘or officer of the revenue, of the degree of a surveycr at least.

LXXIII. And whereas constables have frequently refuled to attend the officers of the revdnue in the execution of their duty, in cales where by law the presence of a constable is made necessary

Constables be it enacted, That any constable who shall refuse or neglect, upon at'cnjl forfeit request made by any officer of the revenue, to attend and affill momlii'^pn3 ^ucl1 °^T>cer ‘n the execution of his duty in any nutter relating to fomneut. ffig Majesty's revenue, where by law the presence of a constable is made necessary, shall for every refusal or neglect, forfeit the lum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, shall fufler three months impril’onment.

Const.ablci

LXXIV. And whereas it has often.happened, that in assisting bien led oat revenue officers, constables who have begun to do their duty in iHUs^inpro their own tlrflriift, have frequently in the progress of such duty gress of duty, been led into a different district:, and have continued in another having a£ied district the assistance which has begun in their own; be it enacted, m that own. every constable who has acted, or shall act as aforesaid,

shall be considered as having acted within his own particular district.

Revenue of-

LXXV. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons break open shall' refuse to permit, or shall not suffer any surveyor, searcher, presence of a* 'va'tcr» or officer of his Majesty's revenue, to enter or remain in Ch"i|al,lc’^'s or l*le'r ^ou^c> ccllari vault, ffiop, ware-house, store-house cr place^here store-cellar, or other place or places, to search for such exciseable heenrefhfed g00^s an(l merchandizes as he may reasonably suspect to be con-aJntiuf.ee, cealed in such place, that in every such case it shall be lawful for

and mat* lute r '

goto, for such officer or officers alter such refusal, to break open and enter wasitot paid. 'n l',e day-time, in the presence of a constable, into any hciifc, cellar, vault, ffiop, ware-house, store-cellar, or other place or places belonging to any such person, and to search for any goods or commodities for which the duties payable thereupon have not been paid, and in case any such goods shall be found, to seize, at-tach, carry away, and put the fame into safe custody.

LXXVJ,

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III. 327

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall Have, or A.D. otherwise destroy or damage, or cause to be (laved, destroyed, or 1797. damaged, any vessel or package wherein any exdfeabie goods shall Chap. 30. he contained, or shall spill, scaster, cr destroy, or cause to be fpil- $0l.puilty led, scattered, or destroyed, any such goods, so that the fame, or any part thereof, shall be thereby damaged or loft, in order to goods, prevent the seizure thereof, every such person so oflending, re-lpedively, shall for every such offence, forfeit the fuin of fifty pounds.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall assault Perforates or beat any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or his assistant or r, Cers, or ,if-assistants, in the seizing or securing any exciseable goods, wares, goods or merchandize, which he or they hath or have reasonable ." rule or who refeue to suspect to be liable to seizure, or by force or violence refeue or forliit too!, carry away, or shall procure to be refeued or carried away, any such goods, wares, or merchandizes, after seizure, or shall, at or after seizure, destroy or damage such goods, wares, or merchan- (ccoad. dizes, or any part of them, in every such case, every person so offending, being thereof legally convicted, shall for the first offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and upon failure of payment thereof, shall tufler imprisonment for the space of twelve months, and for the feeoud offence, shall be transported for the term of seven years.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be found passing, knowingly and wittingly, with any exciseable goods, landed from any ship or veil'd, without due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereon, in Ids or her custody, from any of the coasts of this kingdom, within the space of ten miles of any of the coasts, and shall be five or more in number, and shall wear any vizard, malic, or other disguise, when passing with such goods or commodities, shall, being legally convicted thereof, be deemed, taken, and adjudged guilty of felony, and shall, for his or her offence, be transported as a felon for the space of seven years; and in case any such offender shall return to this kingdom before the expiration of the said seven years, he or she shall suffer as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons upon the ftiore, or on board any ship, veil’d, or boat, shall mali-cioully shoot at, or upon any ship, vefltl or boat, belonging to his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs of excil’c, within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues from any part of the coast thereof, or if any person or persons being on Ihore, or on board any ship, vefld, or boat, 4 N 2 shall

y or mbre pci Ions in dif* guile, found conveying run goods tvilhin 10 miles of a ccifi, may be transported on conviction, and shall suffer death if they return within 7 years.

Persons wh* (boot at any vessel belonging to navy or icv.in port, or wt:h:n 4. leagues there* t>i, <t who fiioor it any rev. ofhc.r, or alDll.uit, in

3’iS The ihlrty-sevenii Year oj ' George III.

A.D.

shall imliciously shoot at, maim, or wound any officer or officers 1797- of his Majesty's navy, or of the customs or excise, whether at-ternPt'nS 10 £° onboard, or being on board, or returning from cxrct'unn ,f on board any liiip, vesse!, or boat, or otherwise a fling in the due

ilcaiii. execution of his or their duty on shore, or within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of any pan of the coast thereof, or shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, ,or wound any person or persons aiding or abiding such officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty, as aforesaid, then every person so offending, and all and every person being aiding, abetting, or abiding therein, ffiali, being thereof legally convicted, be adjudged guilty of felony, and biall differ death without be- nefit of clergy.

ciciksof

LXXX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons fiiail tuminJia'." be charged with being guilty of any of the offences made felony '"aiuftl0erJ il^> l)eforc an)' one or more of his Majesty's jtifticcs of the

lens ciurged peace, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the court of , King's-hencli, if the offence be committed in this kingdom, or

cmincif !uhn!' the funits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues

shall by lame of the coast thereof, by information of one or more credible per-litut. and son or persons, upon oath, by him or them to be subscribed, and °II older10 f>c indifled for the fame in the county where the offence shall such persons have been committed, if committed within the body of any county,

tn fnrr/Muffr . . c "

or in any county in this kingdom, if the onence shall have been committed at lea, and within four leagues of the coast thereof, the clerk of the crown where such indictment.shall be found, shall return such indictment and information to the clerk of his Majesty's most honourable privy council in this kingdom, or his deputy or deputies, who is and are hereby required to lay the fame, as soon as conveniently may be, before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and the privy council of this kingdom, whereupon it shall be lawful for the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors, to make his or their order in the said privy council, thereby requiring and commanding such offender or offenders to fur-.render him.or themselves within the space of forty days after the first publication thereof in the Dublin gazette, to the lord chief justice, or any other of his Majesty's justices of the court of King’s-hencli, or to any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, if the offence he committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four Ungues of the coast thcrcof» who is hereby required, upon such offender or of-nuii be com- fenders surrendering him or themselves, to commit him or them,

niticd for

within 40 days after publication , in gazette.

The thirly-sevenlb Year of George III.

without bail or mainprize, to the county gaol, or to the gaol or A.D.

prison of the place where lie or they shall so furrcmlcr, to the end 1797'

tint he or they may he forthcoming to answer the ofictice or of-

fences wherewith lie or they shall hand charged, according to due

corn i'e of law; which order the clerk of his Majesty's privy conn- fudi orn, T< to

cii, or Iris deputy or deputies, shall caufo to be forthwith printed rwkc'in g't

and l uMiflied in two fm-ciHive Dublin sa/ettes, and to be iortli- " '}

_ 1 > l't'1 t.i Iht ittU

wiiii transmitted to the Iberia' of the counrv where the offence ufojctuic.; ft ill be committed, if the same shall be committed in any county, and if the offence fliai! not be committed ill any t utility, but within the limits of any port as aibivsaid, or within four leagues of the coails of any part of this kingdom, to be tiwnlmitted to the therill of a’.iv county ill this kingdom, near to the place where Inch e.i-f.-.ice shall be committed, which IherilF shall, within fourteen days rhciWTs. after iht receipt thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed between p-’ocljimed, the hours of ten in the morning, and two in the afternoon, in the nnrket places, upon the respective market days of the two market towns in the same county, in which or near to the place where such offence shall have been committed, and a true copy of fudi order shall lie aihxed upon some publicl: place, in such market towns; and in case such offender or offenders shall not funender iVrfon himself or themselves, pursuant to such order of the lord licute- j°r, »ho’" nant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be made in council as aforesaid, he or they foatibedccm-so neglecting, ot refusing to surrender him or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such surrendei, diall, from the day appointed for his or their surrender, as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed-, and taken to be convicted and attainted of felony, and shall fuller pains of death, as in cases of a person convicted and attainted by verdict and judgment of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be charged to have been committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof; and that it shall be lawful to and for the court of King’s-bench, or the indices of Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery for the county or place where such person shall be, to award execution against such offender or offenders, in such manner as if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the said court of KAng’s-bench, or before such justices of Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery, respectively, if the offence be charged to have been committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof.

Vol XVIII. 4 O LXXXI.

33° Yhe thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

I.XXXf. Provided always, and it is hereby cnaifted, That it

1797 shall ami may be lawful lo and for any person so neglecting or rc-

to surrender himlllf or herself, as aforesaid, to plead on l'eihmsou tenus in arrell of fuih execution, that such person was at the time dis.'i irny2 of issuing such proclamation, and continued to be until the expi-u!T‘nliufm ral'011 forty days, as aforesaid, out of this kingdom, and

cxccmio:', thereupon a jury shall be impannded to try and determine such lit tiinl by a pica, and if such pica shall be found for the prisonc-r, then and in Jurfilch case he or she shall answer such offence, wherewith he or (lie shall Hand charged as aforesaid, in like manner as if he or Hie had surrendered himself or herself in due time after such proclamation, as aforesaid.

Pica to aver

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every such diihio^ny. pica shall contain an averment, that such person did not fly for . such offence.

Persons who harbour or aid any who have been so charged, and have not surrendered pursuant to orders, shall be triinfporied, if profeculed

within i year, and if they return within 7 years, IhaT! luficr death.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall after the time appointed, as aforesaid, for the surrender of any person or persons so charged upon oath-with any of the offences aforesaid, shall be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or succour such person or persons, knowing him or them to have been so charged, as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender him or themselves, by such order or orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such order or orders, being prosecuted for the fame within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be transported as a felon or felons for the space of seven years, in the same manner as felons are or shall be appointed to be transported by virtue of any ail or acts already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the transportation of felons; and if any such offender or offenders shall be found at ..large within this kingdom, before the expiration of the said term, without lawful cause, he, flic, or they, shall liiffer as felons, without benefit of

clergy.

Not to ore. LXXXIV. Provided, nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, IT/romap- That nothing herein contained, shall be.construed to prevent or such persons ^'n^er an)' judge, justice of the peace, magistrate, officer, or minister of justice, from taking, apprehending, and securing such offender or offenders, for requiring whose-surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary course of law; when often- and in case such offender or offenders, for requiring whose furren-befoeexpira- der such order in council.shall be-made as aforesaid, shall betaken

non of tune and secured, in order to be brought to justice before the time shall mentioned in ° J

orders,no be expired within which he. or they shall he required to surrender

him

331 A.D.

t-07. Chap. qO.

I« lilt

‘ thall

The thirty-/evcuth Year of George III.

him or themselves by inch order in council, that in such case no further proceeding flu-ill be had upon Rich order made in council, agiinfl. him or them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but lie or they shall be brought to trial by due course of law.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That in case any ship or veil'd y liable to seizure or examination, shall not bring to, 011 being re- " quired so to do, or being chafed by any cutter or other velTol in \ a-n the service of his Majesty's navy, having the proper pendant and i','. i.,',!, cnfiin of his Miiicfty’s fl-.ips hoisted, or in the service of his Ma- l1"'"

O J I 7 iv.v\ v.'li.N.

jesty's revenue of the customs or excise, Rich cutler or oilier re- er r.-. c.ui-, venue vclld having a pendant and ensign hoilted, with Rich marks pro'H.jj.,..r> thereon as now are, or shall be directed by the commissioners of j

Ills Majesty's revenue, or any three of them, to lie tiled or worn at; am! si: by vessels in tils service of the revenue of customs and excise, ill a \K blue field, it shall be lawful for the captain or master, or other per-foil having the charge or command of such cutter or vessel in the service of his Majesty's navy, customs or excise, to fire into such miaai w bai'. tliip or vessel which shall not bring to after such colours shall lie lo hoisted, and a gun shall have been fired by such cutter or vessel as a signal, and such captain or other officer, and every person acting in his aid or assistance, or by his direction, shall be, and is hereby indemnified and discharged from any penalties or actions for damages for so doing; and in case any person or persons shall be wounded, maimed, or killed by, or by means of such firing, and the officer or officers, or other person acting in his or their aid or assistance, or by his or their direction, shall he filed, molested, or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or other justices or persons having competent authority for or on account of such wounding, maiming, 'or killing, all and every such justice or justices, person or persons, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such officer and officers, person and persons so brought before him or them, as aforesaid, to bail,

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel, not being in the service of his Majesty's navy, or in his Majesty's re- holding such venue, British or Irish, of the customs or excise, shall carry or !C!ld-.nl

(mill

board any

v Rich pendant or enfien, as is herein before mentioned or ydMnotbc-' 1 ° . -jo to

deferihed, the master or person having the charge or command of navy or rev.

every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred

pounds.

LXXXVII. And be itemdted, That if any person who shall be guilty of any offence made felony by this act, shall within three i,-, nhoin. months after such his offence, and before his conviction, discover X^rSre 4 0 a two »«e*plic">

33a

The thh ty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

two or more of his accomplices therein, to the commissioners of 17')7- his Majesty's excise, or to any one or more of them, so as such accomplices, or any two of them at least, be convicted of such null be par- offence, the olfcnder so discovering, shall lie clearly pardoned ami e'-wriicr/aic discharged of and from such his or her offence, cor.viclcil. -LXXXVIII. And for the speedy and impartial trial of any offence which by this act is dcciattd to he a felony or misdemeanor, °(Fences j)e en;1f[C(| That every such cfTence, in case the fame f!:;dl he

committed ' J J

within committed within the limits of any cl the ports of this kingdom,

tk'*Kingdom. or within four leagues of any part of the coasts thereof, shall and

iTiL^nrarrl may ^)c en(lu,rccl examined, tried and determined before any

county. court or courts of Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery, in the

nearclt county within this kingdom, in such manner as if the face

had been actually committed within such county.

When per-

LXXXIX. And be it cnadeil, That if any person or persons

ihipt, Ac. on board any fltip, boat, or veil'd, being within four leagues of

ienguc^oftiw any ^,orcs of th"18 kingdom, shall refill or prevent any of-

Kingdom.rc- f)ccr of his Majesty's revenue from hoarding or entering into such fin rev. tin- . J n/. r r r l- r

cers in (catch- llitp, boat, or vend, or irom seeing, surveying, or making learclt

ing °ih?'not for cxcik‘aMe goods and commodities, or else permitting them so by force of to do, shall prevent or hinder such officer or officers from seizing ships,’nnJ nil and carrying away Inch cxcil'eable goods or commodities as shall or bu7orfe’it?J'11 lnay '>c therein, and which they have authority to seize,

though Inch rciillance, hinderance, or prevention, shall not he with arms, or by force of arms, then, and in such cases, such

fltip, boat, or veil'd, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammu-

nition, and apparel, and all goods and commodities.found therein, shall he forfeited, anti shall and may be ftized and prosecuted as herein after directed.

I’crfonswl-o XG. And be it enacted, That if any officer or officers of his

obstriitf, or . J

aflauli ciii- Majesty's navy, or in the service of the custoras or excue, being 7irob°7!mav on Ihorc, or going on board, or returning from on board, any he- canled be- fljjn boat, or veil'd, within the limits of any of the ports of this

fore a m.tgil- *’ . . / 4_« n|

tiate, wiio kingdom, or within four leagues irom the coast thereof, mall be Sc:;:r opposed, obstructed, or affimlted in the due execution of his or

oath o( one t]leir of)jce or duty, by any person or persons, either by day or or more: . ‘ 1 '

night, every person or persons so oppohng, obstruchng, or allamt-

ing the said officer- or officers in the due execution of his or tlscir

duty, and all such as shall act in his or their aid or assistance, shall be carried and conveyed before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall lie

committed, or where fuc'i person shall be apprehended, and inch

juffiee shall, upon the oath ofane or more credible witness or wit-

3 ^lcffcs,

The thirty-fceenth Year of George III. 333

ncffes, commit such person to the next county gaol, there to re- A.D. main until the next court of Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery, 1797" or until tuck person shall he delivered !>y due course of law, and in calc an indictment ihnil he found at’,iin!l him, he shall plead ifintiicim-nis

'd , he found, thej

thereto, without having unie to travene the lame in prow, as is shall plead

usual in cases of misdemeanors, and being duly convivial thereof,

shall, by order of tire court bdore whom such olienuer shall he ((||)'ur impri-

convicted, be ilatenccil to pay, and fuller fncli fine and imprison- on'y’fino.Tf

ment as shall be awarded by the fail! court, in its discrelion. coaufie.!.

XCI. And whereas it frequently happens in several ports of this kingdom, teat upon tiic arrival of many ships at the lame «cEcm time, there arc not officers of his Majesty's revenue fuifficient in t.; d’=r’0= lucii port or district to take the charge and care of the said ships 1,1 '"‘f’: upon them, by which means the collector, or other chief officer of Inch port or billritl, is obliged to employ other persons, and place them in Inch ships or viflels, for the belter collcfling and securing his Majesty's revenue: And whereas such persons so appointed, *'1 are frequently obitrucled by the mailers of such ships or vcli’cls, ebiirue:,-,!, -raid other evil-minded persons, on pretence that such persons so dc- ihaMh'y are pitted, are not legal and commissioned officers: For remedy where- notofi,cm: of, be it enacted, That if any mailer, or other person having the pi- penalty charge of any ship or vtflel, shall refuse to' permit any person or ini pTrfoni persons authorized, or deputed by any writing ligned by the col- by

lector, or other chief officer oi tite port or place where such Hup &c. toukc or vessel shall arrive, to take the care and charge of such ship or niii>s*gab-vessel upon him or them, or to enter into such his ship, vessel, gab- b‘lrJi’ hard, lioy, lurk, or boat, or to remain on board, or shall let, hinder, or obstradt such person or persons so deputed, in doing or performing fitch matters and things as he or they shall be authorized, or deputed to do or perform as aforesaid, the mailer or other person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds sterling.

XCII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any O-Ticers officer or officers of the culloms or excise, to enter into any coast- cnail’iijr vef-ing ship or vessel, which shall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore there- Mrarw ’jA of, and to search the rabbin, and all other parts of all such coasting i, they do no: ships or vessels, for prohibited goods, and to demand the eocket obtained by the mailer or other person having the charge of liich Mud; ship or vessel, in order to examine whether the cargo on board such ship or velfei jorrefponds with the co:kct, and if such cargo shall not be found to corrclpond with such eocket, then every such

Vol. XVIII. 4 I' ' tifiicer

334 7/k thirty-seventh Year of George 'III.

A.D.

officer is hereby authorized and required Immediately to seize such 1797. ship or vessel, and bring her into the next port or harbour into Chap. 30. "'hich (he can conveniently come, and whether such cargo shall be e-—found to correspond with such cocket or not, such officer and of-cumimiB on hcers is and are hereby authorized and empowered to flay and re-mZkimhar mam on hoard all such ships and vessels, during the time that the leagues; fame shall continue within any such port, or within four leagues as iool penalty aforesaid; and if such mailer or other person having charge of on refuting to such ship or veil'd, shall, upon demand, by any such officer, refuse cocket, or or omit to produce such cocket, or if any person shall oppose, mo-oSicers*Crl"S left, or hinder any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in going or remaining on board any such ship or vessel, or in the entering or searching the cabbin, or any other part thereof, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Persons XCIII. And be it enacted, That where any person or persons

muSemcatiors v‘rtue of this act, be arrested or taken before any one of

shall n«be his Majesty's justices of the peace, for any offence against this act

bail without declared to be a misdemeanor, such person or persons shall in no

a recogm. l)C admitted to bail, unless he shall first enter into a recogni-

zance for 7 0.

}°0}' zanre, with two sufficient sureties, to his Majesty, his heirs and

ico! each, fueedfors, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and the sureties in

one hundred pounds each, with condition that such person or persons shall appear at the then next ensuing court of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to be holden for such county for which the justice before whom he shall be brought shall act, and answer and plead to any indictment -which may be found for such misdemeanor; and such recognizance shall forthwith be transmitted to the clerk of assize, or other proper officer of the court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for such county, buy rlkccVor° XCIV. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons conceal run shall knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or shall knowingly per-Sect’ucbL mit or fufier to be harboured, kept or concealed, or shall fell or ex-.Tatue. pofetofale, or buy any exciseable goods or merchandizes, knowing that the fame were run, such person or persons shall, over and above the forfeiture of such goods, forfeit and lose treble the value of such goods.

1 Owners of XCV. And be it enacted, That whenever any exciseable goods goodTarc"' shall be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, in the house feiaed, shall or out-house of any person or persons, and that the same shall be , if they be refeued, in such case every person who harboured or concealed such

refeued. goods, or in whose house or out-house, office or yard the fame

shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Where quantity of ^00 is exceeds vouchers for duty, overplus fhifl be seized'.

Particulars, as herein mentioned,

iu every entry;

The thirly-sevenih Year of George III.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That wherever any person hath any goods or merchandize exceeding the quantity for which such person shall produce vouchers, to shew that duty was paid for the Tame, it shall be lawful for the officer or officers who shall examine liicli goods, to seize, out of any part of the fame, a quantity equal to that for which no cover was produced, and the fame flwll he deemed and taken as the goods and merchandizes for which there was not any voucher produced, to lliew that duty was paid for the same.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That every entry of any goods or merchandize, shall contain the following particulars, in words at length, that is to say, the several and respective marks and numbers of the packages or vessels in which the goods mentioned in such entries are contained, with a particular description of such packages or vessels, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hog-llicad, tierce, barrel, or other calk, or whether case, bale, pack, truss, chert, box, bundle or other package, or by such other name or description as the fame is actually called or known, together with a particular account and description of the contents of each package or vessel; and if the package or vessel in which any goods or merchandize, mentioned in such entry, shall be contained, be not described in the manner herein directed, and if the goods contained in each particular package or veil'd, shall not agree with the account of the contents of such package or vessel, such goods and merchandize, together with the package ot vessel in which the fame is contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

XCVIII. Whereas persons importing the following goods and merchandizes, that is to say, spirits, wines, hops, ftlgar, coffee, beer, and ale, have been sometimes permitted to enter such goods and merchandizes as containing a less quantity than they really contained, on account of their not being able exactly to ascertain the quantities thereof, and afterwards to make a port entry of the quantity deficient in such prime entry; be it enacted, That in all cases where port entries ought to be made on spirits, wines, hops, fu- within 21 gar, coffee, or beer and ale imported into this kingdom, the mcr- good"-chant or other person importing the fame, shall make such port entry fv*"|£1d°r within twenty-one days after the goods shall be gauged or weighed, Penalty job respectively, by the proper officer, or, in default thereof, such merchant or other person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XCIX. Whereas it sometimes happens that goods imported into this kingdom are landed and taken away without payment of the duties payable to his Majesty thereupon, be it enacted, That when-

4 P 2 ever

if packages ana goods do not corref- pond with entries, they ilia]! bo forfeited.

336 The thirty-seventh Year of George III. A.D. 1797.

Goods entered by persons in* debted /or duty, in.iy be detained for payment thereof, and may be fold if not paid in 30 days.

Where t*- f iiavc be> it uke.i a.i.-y and annual cf d.itijs lien red. no more Iba'l be charged than (county was f’iv1.*.. for.

All manu-f.ufhircs of cotton of the

f.i:»ie species a,* callieo, nuiflin, or HMillinet,

Hull pay fame duty, bow-ever denominated, as

printed c d iic Jes A'C.

t>onds pay-ir.:;d«ty

r.< -vt.'izr ->: may be coin-patcJ with prices sworn to, and If not trill)- valued may be detained. r.n.1 commii-li mers may order coll-'c-for» «c piy

ever any importer or importers of any goods, wares or merJ-ji. dize, shall he indebted to his Majesty, fur or on account of tli-'* duties payable upon the importation of any goods, wares, or mu-chandizes, taken away in manner aforesaid, it dull and may Lc lawful for the discharging officer of the port where Inch goods and merchandizes have been so taken away, to detain any other good., entered subsequent to such taking way by the person or person*. whose goods and merchandize were so taken away, unui inch person or persons owing to the duty due and payable on the good*; and merchandizes so taken away, shall satisfy and pay the amount thereof; and if such duties shall not be paid within thirty after the same shall be so detained, the officer shall cause the Idmc, or a sufficient part thereof, to be sold by publick cant, and out of the money arising by such falc, to pay the duties due, and shall pay the remainder thereof, and deliver any of such goods remaining unfold to the owner thereof.

C. Whereas goods imported into this kingdom have been taken away by the owners thereof, without payment of the dudes due and payable to his Majesty on the importation thereof, be it enacted, That where any merchant is indebted to his Majesty futile duties oil any goods so imported and taken away, and where foatrity hath been given for the amount thereof, such goods, at the time of the entry thereof, shall be charged with the duties for which such leourity was given, and no 'other.

Cl. And whereas frauds have been frequently committed, by entering several Ipccies of new manufad ires made of cotton, at :i lower duty than by law they should be entered, and be it cnaelul, That all manufactures made all of cotton, of the like species ri manufacturer, as callieo, muliiu, or muflinet, whether the fame or any part thereof be stained or dyed before or alter the wearing thereof, by whatever particular name, the fame now arc or hereafter flu!: be denominated, dull fall under the dsfeription of aim pay duty ns callicoes, muffins, or muflincts, printed, painted or stained.

CII. And be it enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful for the icveral officers of his Majesty's revenue to open, view, and examine all goods and merchandizes, paying duty advahrem, and compare the lame with the value and price thereof sworn to or affirmed by the importer, and if upon examination thereof, by the proper oiiicers, it shall appear to them that such goods, w.ireo, or merchandize, or any of them, are not valued according to the true price or value thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such officers to detain such goods, wares and merchandizes, and to cause the fane

Such pny--:U to (i\>*

ivivicr-i

7hr thirty-seventh Year of George III. 337

fame to be conveyed into his Majesty's warehouse, or otherwise A.D. properly secured at the port of importation; and (he commilu- r 707. oners of the revenue, or any four of them, are hereby empowered I0,

to direift the collector of the poit into u'.lch tiich goods, wares, v.ij; afe-or merchandize may have been imported, to pay out of any mo- j",1,1, ney in his hands applicable to the fame, t.i the importer or pro- nn>1 prietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, the value thereof ttuhmme' ’ so ascertained as aforesaid, together with an addition of ten pounds !ja-'|i'u, I,u per centum thereon, and also the duties paid on the importation of such goods, but without any further allowance either on account of freight, or any other charge or exponfe whatsoever; which payment the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue are hereby directed to cause to be made within one month after the goods shall be so taken and detained.

CII1. And be it enacted, That such payment so made to lluvim-porter or proprietor of the goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be deemed to be in full satisfaction for the same, to all intents and U is full, purposes, as if such goods, wares, or merchandize, respectively, !b:a had been regularly fold, and that it dull be lawful for the said com- ^ milhoners, whether the value of the goods, wares, or merelun- iy i>v V ih-dize so respectively ascertained, together with the addition of 33d ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties payable 011 '

the importation thereof, he demanded or nor, to cause the said kw; »a ;-i'-goods, wares, or merchandize, respectively, to be failly, end puii-lickly sold to the bed advantage, and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such sale, after deduding tile value so ascertained, as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties payable on the importation thereof, and the charges anting from the warc-housing and sale of such goods, or order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the officers of the revenue concerned in ihe view and examination of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty, and the other moiety,' together with the amount of the value of the goods so ascertained, as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pound: per centum, and also of the duties payable on the importation thereof, to be paid into the hands of the collector of the port v. itiiin which such goods shall have been fold, for the benefit of his Ma- if-,i, jesty, but in case the produce of such sale, after deducting the ' 1 charges arising from the warehousing, securing, and sale of fuJi u.i-i.iin l goods, shall not amount to so much as the value of such goods, so ascertained, as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds her dl; i;i'

11 Mule l!l.:l|

certiim thereon, and of the duties payable on the importation ?, :n '.lie

4 Q_ ’ -

y-.iL. xviii.

thereof '

None shall lie Heed of 6 per cent tut iucu as r*r*

foim requi- iitcs.

By M & ij C. s. if yiOlls of

denizens arc

Jo/1 or t.ijren at fsa, the duty of v/hrefi has teen paid

The thiriy-sevenih Year of George III. thereof, that the whole produce of the sale of such gooik, after deducting the charges arising from the warchoufing, securing, and sale thereof, shall he paid to the collect.or of the port within which such goods Dial! have been so fold, for the use of his Majesty.

CIV. And be it enacted, That no person shall be entitled to an exemption from the payment of the additional duty of fix per cent, until he shall perforin such acts, and submit to such rules and regulations as shall be directed by the chief commissioners of his Majesty’s. revenue of excilc, or any three or more of

them.

CV. And whereas by an act made and passed in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and iifteenth yeais of the reign of king Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling the fubfuiy of poundage, and granting a ftbftdj of tonnage and other films of money unto his royal his heirs andfsecessors; tbr fame to be paid upon mereban-

or agreed for, cj'lscs imported and exported into or out of this kingdom of Ireland, an equal according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, it is amongst oilier

quantity may be newly fiiip. pej, without ..-duty, on pi mil’ as here-

ihings enacted, that if any goods or merchandizes aforesaid, of any merchant being horn denizen of this realm of Ireland, or any other his Majesty's dominions, hath been, or at any time here-' after, shall he taken by any enemies or pirates upon the fca, or

petish in any ship or fnips that shall happen to be taken or perished, whereof the fuhlidics and other duties are or shall be duly paid or agreed for, and that duly proved before the lord treasurer of Ireland, or the chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer for the iime being, by the examination of the fame merchants, if they be alive, or of their executors or administrators, if they be . dead, or by two credible witnesses, at the lead, sworn, or other reasonable witness, or proof sworn, that the fame merchant or - merchants, his of their executors or administrators, shall and may newly drip in the fame port, where the goods and merchandizes . aforesaid were or shall be accustomed, so much other goods and . merchandizes as the fame goods ants merchandizes so loft, as afore- laid, shall amount unto in ctlftom, without paying of any thing for the fame, so as the fame proof be recorded and allowed of in the court of exchequer, and certified unto the collector of the customs of the port where the fame goods and merchandizes are irc.-a-.v:mcr.cc to be newly shipped without ctlftom, as aforesaid: and whereas by reason the proof of by the said receited act required, being thereby appointed to be made before the lord treasurer of Ireland, or the chief baron of the exchequer, in the manner directed by the said act, great inconveniencies arise to merchants entitled to

q. the

anfm;* fjjm manner of

prod:

' The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

the benefit of the said recited act, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if the proof required by the said recited act ilrali be made before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before any judge of assize Upon his circuit in this kingdom, who are respectively hereby directed and empowered to receive such proof, that in such case the person or persons lo making or causing such proof to be'made, and who shall perform all the other requisites by the said recited act directed, shall he entitled to the benefit intended by the said act, as fully as if such proof had been made before the lord treasurer of Ireland, or chief baron of tile cxche-

339 A.D.

1797-

Chap. -jo.

if proof be nude t.'iore .1 biron, or j'tdgc cl ai-lize, and oU'.er rnjoi-luc* performed, such jvr-fons llir.JI be entitled o benefit.

quer.

CVI. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, merchandizes, A! goods, and commodities, coming in, or going out, from or to any pari m/iUppni or place beyond the seas, or any port or haven of this realm, that shall be unshipped, or shipped oft’ at any time before due entry fci7"J-of the fame made with, or the warrant, or the license had and obtained from the officer of c.xcise, in the port where such goods shall be unlliipped, landed or flapped off, for doing thereof shall be forfeited.

CVII. And whereas in many cases the vessels or packages which contain goods and merchandizes that are unrated in their value, arc of as great or greater value than the goods they contain, lie VriT;i> frit enacted, That in all cases where such vessels or packages arc of real value, the value thereof 'shall in every valuation be added to the value of the goods, and pay duty accordingly.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares and merchan- G.-,cd> f.i». dizes, which shall be saved out of any vessel or ship that shall hap- vllirrfs itrami-pen to be forced on shore, or stranded on the coast of this king- not,

7 a bi'ini; wrcLti-

dom, not being wrecked goods, jetibm, flotsam, or lagan, shall nl, i«fu:n, be entered with the proper officer, as if the said goods were regu- i,gan"ihaH Iarly imported, and after all charges of salvage, and other'charges paid, as aforesaid, be subject to the payment of the like customs iMyduy, &c. and duties, and the owners be entitled to such drawbacks on exportation, and tile like allowance and abatements as inch goods and merchandizes would be liable unto, or the owners be entitled

to have, in case the fame were regularly imported.

CLX. And be it enacted, That in case any cutter, logger, shall op, enters, wherry, Hoop, smack, or yawl, belonging, in the whole or i:i any part, to any of his Majesty's subjects, and all Vessels belonging, as aforesaid, of any other description, whole bottoms are clench- cfeicr-uu work, having a bow-sprit which shall exceed in length mere t’un

tv.o-thirds of the length of such cutti

 shall op,

ii .‘.'iiijf I) fp.'Ks i.\cvd-s, of

t.uir Kngifij

Hoop, smack, yawl or other vessel, from the forepart of her fltm and ail iu.li 4 Qj to

340 A.D.

>7 !)' Chap. go.

Ici'l in k g’.h to unc jn b.o.tJth, r.ml all vcikls armed lor

except as hereafter,

Mb; for.

fdwd.

Not to pro-vent auy veffcJ from carrying 2 lour-poutule.s, and 3 rntikcii fer every io rnn.

Not to extend to vtf-r.1. r.ont

/America, Eail or West Indies, Africa, Madeira, or the McdUcr-

wvdhii'ir

hh Mo lly’s

service; uor to licensej vefiUsj

nor to light-.ers, 5cc. used schlyin ri-.vers or canals; nor to vessels cany-»San»s.&c. regularly entered, &e.

The ikirty-seventh Year of George III.

to the act fule of her stern poll aloft, whether the same shall lie lilted wrh a Handing or running howfprit, and all vessels belonging, as aforesaid, the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth, and all ships or vessels belonging, as aforesaid, armed for refinance, otherwise than as is herein after excepted, which shall be found within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coall thereof, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods, if any, which shall he laden therein, and all her guns, tackle, ammunition and furniture: provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or lie construed to extend to prevent any ship or vessel from having on hoard two carriage gum, of a calibre not exceeding four pounds, and ftnall arms not exceeding two muskets for every ten men.

CX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this raft shall extend or be coullrucd to extend to any ship or vefll-I on a voyage from any part of America, or tliediaft or Wert: Indies, or Africa, or the bland of Madeira, or the Mediterranean, so as to subject the fitne to forfeiture on account of her built, or for hating on board arms or ammunition, nor to any ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty's navy, victualling, ordnance, cuiloms, excise or post ollice, on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any vessels the owner of which shall have a license, as herein dcfcished and directed, for navigating the fame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, or from the connnilKoners of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, or any person authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of her built, or for having on board such arms or ammunition as flic shall or may be licetifed to have, as herein after mentioned, nor to any lighters or barges used solely in rivers or inland navigation, nor to any ships or vessels which shall have on board any arms or ammunition, which shall have been regularly entered and cleared at any custom-house, in any of his Majesty's dominions, as merchandize, or for the life of his Majesty's flore-s or garrifens, and ate regularly stored in the hold of such vessels, or are put on board for the necessary life or defence of such vessels, by license, from the lord high admiial of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, or by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any person authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of such arms and ammunition.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 34

CXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no fee, gratuity A.D. or reward, shall be demanded or received for any license for regis- 179"

tering the fame. Chap.30.

CXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the owner of ftTkciW' every ship or vessel which shall be licensed, as herein mentioned, ^i-cnrei-' shall, before such ship or vessel fails out of any port, harbour, or shall lie pm-creel; in this kingdom, bring such license, or cause the same to be brought to the collector or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue, for the port, harbour or creek, from which such ship or OUl M>(1 Com vessel is about to fail, which said collector or other proper offleer n‘"lu’ of his Majesty's revenue, is hereby reejuired duly to register the fame, and every Inch owner shall also produce the same to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue, of any port, harbour, and creek, at which he shall arrive.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That every such license shall specify What Hu!) the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and describe whether llie is a ii:h ij. cutter, lugger, shall op, Hoop, frnack, wherry, or yawl, and ofccn(ii what'fort of built Ihe is, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof, and what quantity and number, and what species of arms and ammunition flie is licensed to take, and have on board; and oivntrs of the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, shall also give sufficient glvt. iccmUy, security, by bond, to his Majesty, in double the value of such ship )"/""0bt^0vl~ or vessel, to be approved of by such collector, or other proper import or officer of the Tevenue, with condition that the said ship or vessel mfgjliy'rm shall not be employed in the importation, or landing of any tea or foreign spirituous liquors, or any goods prohibited, or hereafter ll'ii>> &c. to be prohibited, or any other goods, contrary to any act now of sass. ul force in this kingdom, or hereafter to be enacted, or in the exportation of any goods which are, or from time to time may be prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the relanding, contrary to the law, of any goods, which are entered outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, or which are, or may be prohibited to be used or worn in this kingdom, on failure whereof, or any -part whereof, such license shall be void, and of no force or eflfedt, and such ship or vessel shall be liable to seizure and prosecution, in the same manner, as if no such license had been granted.

CXIV. And in order to ascertain the tonnage, or burden of all fliiDS or vessels; be it enacted, That in all cases where it shall be Manner of

r , -_, nfeertaming

requisite by law, to ascertain the tonnage or burden of any ship the tonnage, or vessel, the rule for admeasuring such ships or vessels shall be as follows, that is to say, the length shall be taken on a straight line along the rabit the keel of the ship, from the back of the Vol. XVIII. 4 B. main-

342

A.D.

/797-Chap. 30.

e~~V'W

All boats, &c- built to ro»v with mere than 6 oar5, shall be burned.

Not to extend to revenue boats, ships’ boats, or boats )i* censed by commifitJR-ersj

commissioncis not to giant such Vicenfcs without (Icu-

rity not to run goods.

'The thhiy-seventh Year of George III.

main-stern-post, to a perpendicular line from the fore part of the main-stem under the boltfprit, from which fulttra fling three-fifths of the breadth, the remainder shall he esteemed the just length of the keel, to find the tonnage, and the breadth shall be taken fio:n the onlfide of the outside plank, in the broadest part of the ship, be it either above or below the main-whales, exclusive of all doubling planks that may be wrought upon the ftdes of the ship, then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth so t.ikc.i, and that product by half the breadth, and dividing the Vvhi.'.j by ninety-four, the quotient shall he deemed the trite contents of the tonnage, according to which rule the tonnage of all such ships and vessels shall be measuretl and ascertained.

CXV. And be it enacted, That if any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, rowing, or made, or built to row, with more than fix bars, shall be found upon the water, or in any harge-house, work-house, (lied, or other place within any port, haven, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, and the value thereof, shall be forfeited, anti shall be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and after the seizure and condemnation of such hoar, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, the principal officers of his Majesty's revenue, in the port or place where such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, shall be so condemned, are hereby directed, to cattle such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley to be burned, and wholly destroyed.

CXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to any barge or galley, in the service of his Majesty's revenue, or to any long-boat, yawl or pinnace belonging to, and used in the service of any merchant-ship or vessel, or to such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, as shall be licensed by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of them, or by such person as the said commissioners, or any three of them shall appoint for that purpose, which license shall be granted without any fee or charge; provided that no such license shall be granted, but upon sufficient security to be given to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the owner or owners of such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, by bond, in such penalty as the said chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall find to be reasonable, with condition that the same shall not be made use of in the running any goods what-lbever into this kingdom, or in the re-landing of any goods to he shipped in this kingdom otj debenture, which security the said

chief

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 343

chief commissioners are hereby empowered and required to take A.D. for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors. 1797*

CXVLI. And be it enacted, That the owners of all gabbards, boats, wherries, and other vessels not required by law to be re- Nines <,t giltered, belonging to any port or place in this kingdom, shall qutrj’l iot>/ paint, or cause to be painted, in white or yellow roman letter?, of lensrth not lets than three inches, upon a black ground, on l'-iuri.i.i,

® 4 v/nii uius

Come conspicuous part of the fern of inch gabbarcl, boat, or other 0rP..;lf ;it,i vessel, provided there shall be fuiTieicnt spaee for that purpose, but if not, then in letters as large as the spaee will admit, the ari.acd. name of such gabbard or boat, the name of the port or place to which fie belongs, and the name and fnrnamc of the owner or owners of such gabbard or boat, and in default thereof, such gabbard or boat, with all her tackle and furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

CXVIII. And be it enadletl, That if any brandy, rum, or other ah fpid:, spirits in calks, bottles, jars, or other vessels or packages under fifty gallons gauge, save and except spirits of vitriol, or other spirits used in the linen manufacture, and cordial waters, or any teasder50g.il. in any package, except such teas as shall be directly brought from Great Britain, and proved to have been exported from thence, or Plc!:

’ 1; . , cciH Iroin t;.

any teas, whether brought from Great Britain, or not, m pack- ll.'ur t..u,

ages containing less than ten pounds each, or any tobacco in any o 'l't m net?

package containing less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds

weight, or any goods liable to forfeiture by any act of parliament or tobacco

upon importation into this kingdom, shall be found 011 board any a0"sn7

ship, vessel, or boat, in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or

creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore thereof, in any vcird

or shall be discovered so to have been, although bulk shall not ap- ldgucsV

pear to have been broken, or any of the said goods or commodi- 2;fcov5rcd so

ties before mentioned, or any of them run, or attempted to have 10 l,=vc , ’ 1 \ shall lie for.

been run cut of such ship, vessel, or boat, in every such case, all felted, and

such goods and commodities so found on board such ship, vessel or *c^although"

boat, together with such ship, vessel, or boar, with all her guns, '*as "ot

tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and all goods and

commodities found on board, shall be forfeited; or if any ship, allships,ic.

vessel, or boat, shall be found in any bay, port, harbour, haven, fIch»oodsh

river, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore are landed,

0 . 0 shall be for-

thereof, or shall be tlilcoyered lo to have been, although such goods icited, ai-and commodities before mentioned, or any of them, shall not be /J^ihcrg-found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, upon proof made that1"! such goods or commodities, or any of them, have been taken from on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and landed in any part of this 4 R 2 kingdom,

344 ^be thirty-fevettth Year of George III.

A.D.

kingdom, then every such (liip, vessel or boat, with all her guns, 1797- tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and all goods and com-C1^P- modities on board, shall be forfeited, over and above any other penalty or forfeiture for the said offence, incurred by any law novr of force in this kingdom.

GXIX. Provided always, That no such forfeitures shall be incurred, in case such vessels shall be driven in by unavoidable necessity and distress, and that the matter, purser, or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boat, into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek, of oc belonging to this kingdom, give notice, and make proof of such necessity and-distress, before the chief officer of the revenue, rest-dent-at the nearest place, where such ship, vessel, or boat shall arrive.

CXX. Provided also, That- it shall be lawful to have so much tea, brandy, rum, or other spirits, for the use of the seamen then each teaman, belonging.to, and on board such ship -or vessel, as shall not exceed . in quantity more than two gallons of spirits for each femnan, nor more than one pound of tea for each seaman belonging to such ship or vessel.

Spirits, the , CXXI. And be it enacted.-Thjtt if any turn, or spirits, of the colonies in growth, produce, or-manufacture of the Britishi colonies orplan-bmoglu in Mti°»s in America, shall be imported or brought into this king-vcirctsunder dom, either from the said colonies or plantations, or from Great C'i'gnVpT 'Britain, in.any lltipvor, vessel whatsoever, under the burthen of other pUce^ *"cvcntytons > or any foreign brandy, strong waters, or other in vessels ur- spirits, shall be imported.jor brotight.-from any port or place what-exce(n2g"l- soever, in.foreign parts, into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel fomM shall 'un<'er rite burthen of one’hundred-tons, except only, a-quantity he forfeited, for the life of the seamen then-belonging to, and on board such uckicl'&c. ships or vessels respect.iy.ely,-not exceeding two.- gallons for each of such seamen, eveny such ship or vessel,- with, all her gun?, -tackle furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all such brandy, rum, strong -waters, or other spirits, shall in each and every such case, he forfeited, and may be-seized by any officer or officers-of his Majesty's revenue.

if any such CXXII. And whereas ships and vessels. with such goods and Kcd^the merchandize on board them, frequently come into the ports, har-ship and hours, havens, river® or creeks- of this -kingdom, or within four cargo shall leagues of the shore thereof, either in real or pretended distress, ahhi-ughan(* a^ter lhey come *n as aforesaid, smuggle the whole or part drive"in by of their cargoes: be. it enacted, That if any. ship or vessel shall 2 come

Pciiflltifs not incurred where it is proved that vessels have been driven by dillrek

z Gallons of spirits and jib. of tea

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 345

come into any port, harbour, haven, river or creek in this king- A. 1\ dom, or hi all be within four leagues of the shore thereof, with 1797-any such goods or merchandize as aforesaid, on bord, and that any of such goods or merchandize shall be so landed in any part of this kingdom, the ship or vessel from on board of which such goods or merchandize shall be so landeed, together with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, shall be forfeited, as also the remainder of the cargo of such ship or vessel of such descriptions, and in such packages as aforesaid, notwithstanding such thip or vessel was forced into this kingdom, or was within four leagues of the shore thereof, by unavoidable neceslity or dif-ticfs.

CXXIII. And be it enacted, That the mailer of every ship or Mattes of vessel arriving at any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour or creek in this kingdom rcpo,t uror' in ballad, shall, if called upon by the collector, or other proper produce pa-officer of his Majesty's revenue, make a just and true report of such ship or vessel, both inwards and outwards, and answer upon W lccl. oath to such quedions relative to the voyage and navigation of such ship or vessel as shall be put to him by the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue, at the port, harbour, or creek where he shall arrive, or from whence he shall depart, and shall, if required by such officer, produce the ship’s papers, under the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every neglect, omission, or refusal so to do.

CXXIV. Provided always, That no mader, or other person NoaJd;-having the charge or command of any ship or vessel in ballad, making a report as above required, shall in respect thereof, be lia- ton. hie to the payment of any fees, other than such as such ship or vessel was subject to, previous to the passing this act.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That where the mader of any ship 'vhcr,: , Mf'

’ ter$ report

or vessel shall report any bales or other packages of goods for ex- good, lor portation in the fame ship or vessel in which they were imported, it shall be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue to open "0l"'cjim(-such bales and packages on board such ship or vessel so reported, tors may and to examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on shore ifa^iaWc* to his Majesty's ware-house, at the cudom-house for the port where such report is made, and in case it shall appear, on such they (tiaiibc examination, that such bales or packages shall contain any goods fniab'c which are prohibited to be imported, or are liable to forfeiture on before being imported into this kingdom, by any law nouT of force, or ixjumaiion; which shall hereafter be enacted, all such goods, and the packages t°d°by°ra»f. thereof, shall be forfeited; and in case such goods shall not be pro- j^j^1 b* Vol. XVIII. 4S hibited,

34$ . A.D.

i?97-

frhe shirty-feVenlb Tl’At -cf^Gtorgt Hi.

hlhited, the same shall be chargeable \Wvli tire -duties due and payable thereon, ail'd shall lint be perVnitttd to he exptMted br delivered for that purpose, bdhrt the legal duties are regularly, paid for the same, without the particular leave and direct'io'ns of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three 'or more of them,' or the collector of the port where Audi goods are.put. on shore, ami all goods found on board any ship or vessel,- which the mailer shall have’omitted to specify in Ids report,' Hull be forfeited.

CXXVI. And whereas the matters or other pc'rfohs taking

charge of ships and vessels arriving in this kingdom, in order to

avoid making an entry of their cargoes, and for the purpose of

obtaining time for more conveniently smuggling the fame, do

often report the whole, or part of such cargoes not to be landed:

tm report enabled, That whenever any mailer, or other person taking

1 om"1)/' 20 c^‘"Sc ariy Hiip or vefle-1 'arriving at any of the ports or har-

lanJeJ, ships hours of this kingdom, shall report to the proper officer of his

Mined until* Majesty's revenue, either the whole or part of the cargo of fitch

fcainty lor /pm or vessel not to he landed in this kingdom, it shall be lawful

doubts July is.

given, nyl lo for the collector, or other chief officer of fitch port or harbour, to

Inilwn.'Jeltt. detain such lltip or vessel, and such part of the cargo thereof, as shall be so reported not to be landed, until such mailer or other person taking charge of such fltip or vessel, shall execute a bond, with two sureties, to he approved of by the collector or other chief of-' licer of the port where such ship of veil'd shall arrive, lo.itis Majesty, in double the amount of the duly payable.ill this kingdom, oil such cargo, or part of such cargo, which bond shall contain a condition that such cargo, or such part thereof as aforesaid, /hall

not lie landed in this kingdom.

Proof of l:.n Htvr such good; out o '

CXXVII. And be it ehafceil, That in case such bond shall be put in fiiit, the proof that fuel) goods were landed in this kingdom, M bc^ot"' not 011 ^'s Majesty. |'*s heirs or successors, but such goods oiv.,ers. shall be deemed to have been landed, tmless proof shall be made of the place at which the lame were landed or put oil (bore, net being within this kingdom.

CXXVIII. Provided always, That no such bond shall lie-put in fttit at any time beyond one year, from the time of its execution, nor in case such goods shall have been landed by license from the collector, or other proper officer of the port where such report shall have been made as aforesaid.

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any ffiip or vessel arrived at any port or harbour of this kingdom, and the matter or person taking charge of such ship or vessel, having there reported .2 to

Conti* not to be pm in suit after i year, nor if goods were landed by li-confc from colle-stor.

When vefftils go from die port to another, of this kingdom.

i’he flnrtyfevtiilh l*ear of George III.

'347

to the proper officer, either the whole or any pait of the cargo 61 A.D. such' ship or vessel, not to be landed in lilts kingdom, and having 1797*._ "departed from such port or halbcur, shall arrive in any oilier polt. or harbour ill this kingdom, it shall he lawful for the colloitor, or if mix.*, other proper officer of Rich port or harbour, to examine tile (late , VIII, of the cargo of such 'ship or veil'dand if such cargo shall not oiv'u-' agree with the report and invoice of the mailer or other peilon is-} iiu.i be made to the colk&or or other proper officer of the port or liar- c of j*by lb’, hour where such ship or vessel 'did link arrive, every such ship or vessel, together with her cargo, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, tinless it shall be liiade appear that such disagreement was mill'd by unavoidable necessity.

CXXX. And be it ciiafted, That whenever arty part of the . \v!m, Vl(-_

cargo of any ship or vessel chafed by arty vessel in the fcfvice of llir

the customs or excise, or by any flii'p or vessel belonging to his Nla- tiuow any

pan of ouibnarij,"

jesty’s rta'vy, has been thrown over-board during Inch 'chafe, whe- j""'0' 'I'*'0

tlief within or without the Unfits of any port of this kingdom, or l'c

within ot beyond four leagues of the iliore thereof, in tvery such yimiurwith, case, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, iii'rifiturc, am-munition, and apparel, shall be forfeited, together with the re- i!|or,:' maining part of such'cargo,

CXXXI. And be it eiiadled, That it shall not be lawful for jco!. pa-any pei-foh of pe'rfdhs to enter bn board any'Kail India crChinci'e ship homeward bound, except the King’s officers whole duty on-liges them to go on board inch ship, or such other person or per- ship, iiimir-fons as shall receive a permit or license froth th'eicolic'dor or other superior officer of the port or place 'where such ship shall lie, or be [r Fyfl" Ii-under the penalty of five hundred pounds for every time such person or persons shall go onboard such ship, without fgcli license as aforesaid; and if any goods shall lie found open on board such ship, g00js fou,j the same shall be taken account of, and made up in proper pack-ages, suited' to the nature of such goods, by any officer or officers l’rale'1. ""J stationed at the port or place where such ship shall he, which said ihofLt goods when so packed, shall be corded and sealed with a lead, with 10 Luik1o"'~ the King’s arms thereon, a.nd ail account of all such goods so packed up, corded and sealed as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the commissioners or collector.of the culloms in the port of London, and also to the chairman of the court of directors of the united company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the Kail Indies.

CXXXII. And be it shaded, That every boat or vessel carry- , c?rrr-ing persons to such ship or ships, shall be licensed as aforesaid, and KtopT '*

4.S a

that

shall be !i«

348 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

that every boat or vessel carrying persons to such ship or ships '797‘ without such license, shall be forfeited, and that it shall and may I,;, lawful to and for any revenue officers stationed on board such crnM, oilier- ship or ships, and they are hereby required, to prevent any person wife forfeit- Q]. persons from going on board the fame, unless he, she, or they 500I penally Protiuce such license; and that if any person or persons shall refill lor refilling or obstru£l such officer in doing his duty as aforesaid, such person 1000l. for or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and if confe"8 h" -any person or persons whatsoever, shall in any case, forge or counterfeit any such license or permit as is herein before mentioned, or shall knowingly use or employ any such forged or counterfeited license or permit, he, she, or they, shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds for every such offence.

Tobacco CXXXIII. And be -it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to im-

ponedinto port-any tobacco-at any port or place in this kingdom, save and gheda^Du. except the Ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast, daib’Nwry, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Waterford, and Wex-way, Lime, ford, and if any ship or vessel shall be found within the limits of d'rry^Cmk"," iny other port, haven, or creek within this kingdom, having to-VndWf°xford hacco on board, in any packages whatsoever, or shall be discover-oniy j ed so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable vtlTcls with necessity and distress, of which Deceffity and distress the mailer, tobacco with- purser, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any other such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship Smfciteif'un; or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and left in iliiUcfs. make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue resident at the nearest port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, am-. munition, and apparel, and also the tobacco on board, shall be . forfeited.

No (pints, CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to im-"tise"5’ . port any brandy, rum, or other spirits, or any -teas, wines, or ported' but ’ c0®:e without special license from the commissioners of the reve-whcie tobacco nue, or some-officer properly authorized by them for the purpose fcnfe,'cx0-Ut of granting such license in the manner herein after mentioned, at of K towns or mt0 any P'ace or Pon "1 kingdom, save-only such places or and part of ports where tobacco may by law be imported, and the ports of the

New Ross; ' . r

Imre towns of counties, and the port of New Rols, being fiiuauu veficis having within the harbour of Waterford and the port of-Youghall; and board,'Vitkin if any ship or vessel shall be found within the limits of any other cither pon^ Port or haven, or creek within this kingdom, having brandy, rum, without cock- or other spirits, or any teas, wines, or coffee on board, in any = packages whatsoever, -without a coast cocket for such goods, or

without

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 349

without a license as aforesaid, having been previously obtained, or A.D. ihalibc discovered so to have been, save only and in case of 1111a- 1797*

'.tillable necessity and dillicfs, of which necessity and distress, the

mailer, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command iVtr.w.J, *-of Inch ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such aXaq Ship or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue reftdent at the nearest port where fitch lLip or vessel shall arrive,

A tell ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also the said brandy, rum, or other spirits, teas, wines, or coffee, shall be forfeited: Provided neverthelofs,: !tr"cnr ard That it shall be lawful to have so much tea, brandy, rum, or other c.-ct nun. spirits for the use of the seamen then belonging to, and on board filth fltip or vessel, as shall not exceed in quantity two gallons of spirits, and one pound of tea, for every feanian.

CXXXV. And be it er.acted, That it shall be lawful for any of- <x:..-cs fleer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, to go on board any ship " or vessel, being in any port or harbour, or within four leagues of 'I'uiaml c>c’;'

ttk fur iM>cn

the coast of this kingdom, and to demand from the mailer, com- u-.n* rmu, minder, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, the cocket granted for any debenture goods on board such ship or vessel; co:Ul and if on examination of the debenture goods then on board, the if pod* and said oflker or officers shall find that such goods on board, are less '

in quantity than, or different in quality from the goods specified in jf17'" such cocket so produced, in such case the whole of such goods so en- such deben-tered eutwards, and so found on board such vessel, together with I^follld! " the fltip or vessel on board of which such goods shall be found,

shall be forfeited'; and in case no such goods as Audi have been so shipped on debenture as aforesaid, shall be found on board such ship or vessel, such fltip or vessel shall in like manner be forfeited; and in case the matter, commander, or other person having charge Oitps ard of any such vessel, shall refuse or neglect to produce such cocket f"it,djr on such demand, ail goods on board such fltip or vessel, together with the fltip or vessel, shall be forfeited; and -it shall be lawful for such officer or officers in any of the cales aforesaid, to seize fuclt vessel, and the goods found on board the fame respectively, as the case may he.

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, That from the time any goods, Commini-wares, or merchandizes, or any corn or grain, or any meal, mak,

or flour, shall he begun to he shipped, or put on hoard any ship or vessel, to he carried forth to open lea, or from any one port, creek, vetty-.lung or member of this kingdom, to be landed at any other port or place </«,‘vein this kingdom, it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of iron> ont t'lv' Yoi. XVIII. 4 T his

350 The thirty-sevenih Year of George III.

A.D.

his Majesty's customs or excise, or any one of them, or for the 1797* collector, or in his absence the chief officer of the port where such Chap 30. goods, wares, or merchandizes, corn or grain, meal, malt, or itsnath t, flour, shall he so put tin board such ship or vessel, to place one or unt i cleared tw0 officers on board such ship or vessel, there to remain during sech voyage, and until all the said goods, wares, or merchandizes, corn or grain, meal, malt, or flour, shall be duly landed, and the said vessel cleared out, or for stich time as in their discretion shall b di am! so .,1 seem fit; and that the master, or other person, having the charge byl>nuindfii or command of such ship or vessel, shall provide such officer or of-such ofers; -fleers with beds or hammocks to rest or sleep in, under the deck of such ship or vessel, and shall also provide such officer or officers with sufficient food, during the whole of such voyage, or for such time as he shall be directed to remain on board; and shall land vfficcn to such officer or officers at the port or place for which such ship or

be landed; Vessel shall have cleared out, if so directed; and if any such master,

5°!. FMby or other person having the command of such ship or vessel, shall ne-neglect. gledt or icfufe to supply such officer or officers with beds and food, ill manner aforesaid, or shall not land such officer at such place, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Treble CXXXVII. And be it enacted, That in case any exciseable ciffilbk CK" goods, wares, or merchandizes shall be unshipped, or taken in goods taken at flea or out of any ship or vessel, in order to be landed, or put

trom.one.vef- ’ . J 1 . 1

id to.mo- into any other flup, or boat, within the limits of any port of this

licVfbrnhich kingdom, without lirft paying or securing, according to law, the

or Tecured^ cu^oras ant^ ot'ler duties payable for the fame, the matter, or other

ihnll be for- person having charge of such ship, boat, or other vessel, into

commander*" which any such goods, wares, or merchandizes shall be taken or

of cachycf. put as aforesaid, shall forfeit treble the value of such goods, wares,

fcl, unless in r

case of una- ,or merchandizes, unless in case of unavoidable distress or necef-tre*bl4 dlf" Aty, of which the mailer, or other person, having charge of such ship, boat, or other vessel, shall, immediately give notice, and make sufficient proof of before the chief officer or officers of the revenue, in the first port of this kingdom where he shall arrive, and the mailer, purser,' or other person taking charge of the ship or vessel, out of which such goods shall be taken at sea, unless in case of necceflity as aforesaid, shall also forfeit treble the value of such goods so unshipped, one moiety of which forfeiture to be for the ulc of his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall be put on board any ship or vessel, to be carried

The ibirij-seventh Year of George III. 351

lied forth to the open fca from any one port, creek or member in this A.D. kingdom, to be landed at any other place in this kingdom, with- 1 797. out a fuflerance or warrant first had and obtained from the proper Chap. to officer of the port where fitch goods shall be thip'ped or put on t———> board, all such goods, wares, and merchandizes, shall be forfeit- oilppc.l to lie ed: and the matter of every such thip or vessel who shall take in 1:01,1

J 1 om ;»-»rc to

any such goods, wares or merchandizes, in any port, creek, or msber Ki-.h-

J 0 # out nv/arrmr,

member in this kingdom, to be landed and discharged in leme ^ubcVoi-

crckcts, and give security, con.iuioited herein.

Other port, creek, or member thereof, shall, before the ship or m:il[_rs of vessel be removed from the port or place where he shall take in his lu-l! :l";,s to lading, take out a cockct or cockets, and become bound to his Majesty, with sufficient lurety, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandizes, so laden or taken on hoard such ship or vessel, conditioned for the delivery and discharge thereof, in the port or place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, or in some other port or place within this kingdom, the dangers and accidents of the seas excepted, and to return a certificate within two months after the date of such cocket or cockets, under the hand and seal of the proper officer of the port where the same shall be landed and discharged, to the collector or other chief officer of the port in which such goods shall have been put on board, that such goods, wares, and merchandizes, were landed and discharged at the port or place for which the same shall have been entered, or at some other place within this kingdom.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco or other so- trforetg# reign goods or merchandizes, shall be shipped on board any coast- ii,i|,d in a ing vessel in parts beyond the seas, or out of any ship or vessel at n^ner piaVc'^ sea, or at any port or place of this kingdom, other than the port lil10 "hcre or place from whence such ship or vessel shall have obtained a obtained, or cocket, or if any such coasting ship or vessel, shall leave any port or g4ds*do no? harbour from whence flie shall have so obtained a cocket, as afore- comtjirad, said, not having on board all such goods as shall be mentioned in be forfeited, such cocket, or-having on board goods not mentioned in the said anli I001' ‘ cocket, then, and in every such case, such ship or vessel, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the matter of such ship or vessel shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CXL. And be it enacted, That if any goods, wares, or mcr- If goods cliandizes, brought or coming into any port, haven or creek with- One (»n of in this kingdom, from any other port, haven or creek within the lll,i *"y8do,n

o > ' ' to mower,

fame, by coast cocket, transire, let-pass, or certiftcate, in /hips or landed be. vessels, shall be landed or put on Ihore before such cockct, transire, &c. is dcii 4 T 2 Jet-pals, VOTl1 toolii-

D xj

A.D. 1737.

C.’ian. 33.

miU or c iix?

if asiv broi.ja "u: l.u»L\j

hth:o;i: i-i

OH’C'.T, f..c’|

v »c- 5. or ti:j v.i’m 1\.‘] j; ior-

Tvl liters of

i.tncit icol. ami v.ruj of

j-,i i.la if they

: npjrt ora* fn»r:

for iMl*, ui:h. out of i:oim«!iu jii-cr>.

Where cv-ciit.ilile oo.»i» are Unfed out of vdTJs rot exceeding 2 y tons, before entry, or at unlawful hours, cr without consent of officers, unkft in leak, «c. Inch veflc'Ij tli.il! be for-kiietl.

A penalty

Of 12'- .1

ticunJ for »reen, ar.J «;s. for bohea tea, fm i'.r-SVd.w Kin.; and oineei.

The wirty-seventh Year of George III.

let-pafr, cr certificate shall l;c delivered to the proper officer or officers of t’ne port, and a warrant or fufierance made and given lay such officer or officers ior the landing and discharging thereof, the mailer, purser, hoatfwain, or other mariner, taking charge if fitch Chip or vessel out of which the goods shall be landed or )> >n ffiore, contenting thereunto, shall forfeit the value of the goo., s so imlhipped, and if any goods of foreign growth, ptoduflion, cr manufacture, coming coallways, as aforesaid, shall he iam'cj without the presence of an officer of the culloms or excise, fuclt foreign goods, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

CXLI. And be it enacted, That if any mailer or commander of any ship, veil'd or boat, appointed or employed ordinarily, for the carriage of letters and packets, shall, unless it be in liich cases as shall be allowed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise in this kingdom, knowingly import or export, or cause to be imported or exported in such fitly), vefll- or boat, any goods or merchandizes designed for falc, into or out of this kingdom, fitch mailer or commander shall forfeit the fiiin of one hundred pounds, together with the value of ail fitch goods and merchandize lb exported, and all such goods and merchandizes so imported, shall be forfeited, ami may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

CXLII. And be it enacted, That where any goods exciseable, shall he unshipped or lauded out of any veffi.1 or boat, not exceeding the burthen of twenty-five tons, not being in leak or wreck, before due entry made of Inch veffils or boats, and of all the said goods, at the custom house cv place allowed for landing, where such vessel or boat shall happen to unship, or at unlawful hours, or without the knowledge, privity, and consent of the proper officers, who shall have attended the unlading of such goods, all such vessels aed boats, together with their tackle and furniture shall be forfeited.

CXLIII. And the more effectually to prevent the clsndefUnc importation of tea, be it enacted, That a penalty of twelve shillings per pound for green, and nine shilling; per pound for bohea

tea, over and above all other penalties already

nffiA.

:ed by law,

shall be and are her,"by laid and imnofed on every hawker, retailer, or grocer, in whole custody lea ciandeftinely imported shall be found, and also on all and every other person and persons in whose custody tea imported as aforesaid shall be found, knowing the same to be smuggled, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the other moiety to the ulc of the seizing officer or informer.

3

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 353

CXLIV. And for the more effectual preventing of running of A.D. lirandv and other foreign spirits, and to!i.-c:n, be it eiv.b. . i. That 1797. it shall be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue, to enter, Chap.30. in the day-time, into the (lion hnufe, < ui-house, room or wave- f ’

* Krvcpcc

house, of any shop-keeper, or other pen’oti that shall fell brandy oV/mrs-,.;/ or other foreign spirits, or tobacco by retail, and take an account. .-from time to time, of all such spirits and tobacco as shall be found l',naM 1 ;ii

HI-

i:i Ia;s or their possession, (hop, hotile, out-house, or warc-houic, i... to me

and to make a just return thereof, signed under his or their hand Jj

or hands, in such manner as accounts are directed to be taken, and r'""rni

a-d ie ud by

returns made of aqua vita, or lining waters, belonging to any i.iSti;C 2.

vintner, dlftiller, inn-keeper, or alehouse-keeper, in and by an

act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of King Charles the

Second, entitled, An act for settling the excise or ne to iinbu/l upon

his Muff], his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates

therein infer!,'d: provided that no porlbn shall he deemed a retailer

r 11 WHO (loll be

of tobacco or brandy, or other foreign spirits, within this act, but <‘-wnini >c-such as fell brandy or other foreign spirits, in quantities under one gallon, and tobacco under the quantity of four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That if any such lliop-keeper or 50l.fc-.nl-other person felling foreign spirits or tobacco by retail, shall hinder ctV*fbrI'i!'* any fitch officer of his Majesty's revenue, to enter into his or their iteing oiH.

' ._it* cers 10 tak?

mop, ltore-liouic, room, out-house, or other places belonging to accounts of him or them, and to take an account, from time to time, of all ar'd such spirits and tobacco in his or their poflfefflon, he or they so hindering, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXLVI. And whereas by an act passed in this kingdom, in 5

the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, mu-ersand An ahl for the further encreofe and encouragement offlipping and vessels arc navigutir a, it is amongst other things enacted, that, if upon the arrival of any ship or vessel in any port or place to which (he oUcmficates shall belong, the inafter or other person having or taking the before a com-charge or command of such ship or vessel, and one or more of rnifr"mcr' the owners thereof, shall make proof, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, upon oath, or in case of a qtiaker upon solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the f.iiJ commissioners, or any of them is thereby authorized and required to administer, of the loss of the certificate of registry granted to such ship or vessel, and upon security being entered into, pursuant to the said act, the said commissioners are required in such case, to authorize the proper officer of the port to which such ship or vessel belongs, to register the said ship or vessel dt novo, and to grant a certificate of registry accord-Vol. XVIII. 4 V ing

The thirty-J'eventh Year of George III.

ing to the regulations, and in the manner am! form prescribed by the hid aft: and whereas great inconvenicneies arile to the mailer-, Chap. 30. ailj ownerS ol hips or vessels belonging to the out-ports of tins kingdom, in ciles where the certificate of rc-gillry of inch ships or veflch are loll, by their being obliged to come to the city of Dublin, to take the oath or affirm lion above mentioned Indore one of the commissionera of his Majesty's revenue; lor rente ’y whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of them, by commission tinder their hands and lea Is, front time to

such person or persons ns they

354 A.D. 797-

mcnf valence of their CO:li»Pg t'J Dublin

commifii'M-cts uuy authorize per*

No <1 v

bock d all 1 on'i.* on portnti f

son> at out-port', to a.I-

inii iitr said time, to authorize and impower

shall think lit, in the several out-ports in this kingdom, to be commissioners to admmilter the oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, and all such oaths or affirmations administeicd by such person or persons empowered as aforesaid, shall respectively he of the fame effect as if made in the manner prefer!bed by the said act.

CXI.VII. And for better preventing frauds in relanding in this king.!, in, any goods which shall he entitled to a drawback or hoifity on exportation Irom hence to Great ISritain; be it enacted, That 110 drawback or bounty shall be allowed or paid for any goods exported or enteral for exportation from this kingdom to Great Britain, except for goods which may peridl at sea, or be taiii, tmiifs a taken by an enemy or pirate, and which shall be proved to the prl'il'ccd" '* satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, so to fryii syi-cr ]uvc perished or been taken, until a certificate shall be produced

omccr

G10. Ii.i under the hands and seals of office of the collector and comptroller, on'iua'nVari: or other principal officer of the customs for the port where such |j*"r goods shall Uc landed in Great Britain, tcflifying the landing thereof, which certincate shall also exprel's the exact weight, measure, or quantity of the goods lb landed, with the number mid maiks of the calks, bales, or other packages in which such goods Hull be contained.

CXLVIII. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall lie paid on ti.e exportation of any guods, unless the exporter, merchant, or person having the direction of the voyage, shall, in order to obtain a drawback on such goods, make affidavit upon the debenture paper, that he is the real owner, exporter, merchant, or person having the direction of the voyage, and that the goods are really intended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry thereof, and to no other, and that no part thereof has been relanded, or is intended to be relanded, in any part of this kingdom,

Afiuhiit to be Itto 11 by exj OGcis boh.re secy arc ent iled to drawback;

'The thlrty-fc'oenlb Year :f ' George III.

kingdom, nor landed, nor intended to he I.mdcil in > rect ilriuiin, or the Isle of Man, or the illanJs of Faro or Fcuro, nor ir. be transhipped or put on hoard any !hip, ;r vessel, tmkf- in e.,le oi ua! dill refs to lave inch goods lrc-m p, i idling, and unles the mailer or person having the charge or command of the thin or yodel c:i board which inch goods Hull he entered for exportation, shall make affidavit on the debenliirc papa-, that he is the mailer or folni hating; the charge or command of Inch lliip or vefle!, and that, to ih.e hill oi his knowledge and belief", neither litch goods nor my part thereof have been relanded, and that lie will not fuller the lame, or any part thereof to he relanded in this kingdom, nor to be landed in Great Britain, or in the illaiuls of Man, Faro or Iurro, nor to be Ir.infliippecl or put on hoard any lliip or veil'd, unlcis in case of real distress, to lave such goods trom peri thing.

C.KLIX. And be it enacted, That in case the mailer of such ihin or veil'd Ilia! permit or fuller such goods to lie rekindl'd, un-i'.h in ivfe of distress to save tile laid goods from perishing, of _v,v.':!i distress the mailer having the charge of such ship or vessel, out of which such goods Iliad ho relanded, shall immediatclv give notice to, and make proof of before the chief officer of the port or place where Inch good.-, shall he unshipped, the said goods shall be forfeited, and the in a Her of the said lliip or veil'd, and also the owner of such goods shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

CL. And be it enacted, Thar no person or persons shall he entitled to any bounty or drawback upon the exportation of any good' or merchandize from this kingdom, until the person exporting the fame, together with two sufficient sureties, shall enter into a bond to his Mnjedy, his heirs and successors, in double the value of such goods anil merchandize, conditioned that such goods or merchandize lb intended to he exported, or any part thereof shall not be landed again in any port or place within llih kingdom, or the Hies of Man, Faro or Ferro, unless in case of adhial distress.

Cl.I. And in order to encourage the refining of sugars in this kingdom, be it enacted, That no bounty shall he allowed upon any sugars which shall be refined therein,- and be exported from thence, unless the lame mall he exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or liioie clays since it was last. in the pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the flovc, according to the present practice of refining, nor upon such refined sugar called bastard, or 4 U 2 ground

355

A.D.

i:n-

Chip. jj.

for

Tr.-U-v.,.

1:11' of tp Oili

re,.ni-.hi, except in dil-t- I'. Hr.!: b: f »r*c:tji.: by uiafliTs ami hv owners, al o luck

jl.vrnrters i ut eiuiilvd t > diawb.ick

r, tiny

give I’ccurity in double \ Ju-, that ho. t\> lh.ll i o; bt* re-J.rtiJcd, &. c.

No bounrj on expectation of jeftr.cd lupa ?, but in i' c leaf iis i.-.'i'.in;

356 The shirty-jiventh Year of George III.

A. 0. ground powdered refined fttgar, or refined loaf sugar broken in 17D'/- pieces, imlei’s the lame shall have been twice clayed, and properly d'-'P- 30. jn (,lc (inv, C) no]. Up0IJ ally candy ttnless properly refined and mamifatlured, and freed from dirt or feum.

CLII. And be it cmifted, That if any refined sugars, commonly called lumps, being in loaves, shall have gone through the operation of three clays at the lead, since they were latt in the pan, and shall he net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the Hove in the manner herein before directed, though Inch loaves he exported without the small ends or tips, they shall be deemed complete and whole, within the true intent and meaning of this act, and the exporter or exporters of the same shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

CLfil. And be it enacted, That if the proper officer or officers of the revenue shall, upon view or examination either before or after flopping, find any fugtr or candy, which shall he entered for exportation, in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to he leis in quantity than expressed in the exporter's endr,dement, < r entered under a wrong denomination, or if fitch sugars shall not be rdpcfUvely refined in the manner before directed, or if I'm h candy ho not properly refined and liianufsftured, and free from dht or feum, all such sugars or candy shall be forfeited, and shall and may lie seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and sued for, and recovered as herein after directed.

CI-IV. And be it enacted, That before any drawback or boun-

fifty tii'u!) 1 e-

fr.r.' y.a.rd, in it I. ;ti

licrui).

Litmus having gone llir.iuyh j days since hit in the pan, frc. entith-d to bounty, though with out {mall

If fugirrr CPiai. Lic

than tju.mtity churctl, or

tiun. or not timed as tii-nftoi. lucit shall be lor-kited.

N-> draw-

wcandruiaii >)’ HAll be paid for any of the sugars or candy herein before men-oath is ma‘c lionet!, being of the manufacture of this kingdom, or any deben-

the

by refiner, nci beimj ex-

porter.

import of re filler’s 0.1th.

tures made out for the fame, the refiner or refiners, not being exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, shall make an oath before the collector or other proper officer of the port from whence such sugars and candy shall be exported, which oath such collcfler or other officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the following import, that is to say, that lie, she, or they fold such sugars or candy, expressing the quantity and time when fold, the person or persons intending to export the fame, and that such sugars have, respectively, gone through the operations herein before expreHed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove, or that such candy has been properly refined or nianu-factured, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and that lie, llie, or they verily believes, or believe, such sugars or candy were produced from brown or muscovado sugars, of the growth or product of his Majesty's plantations in America, or the Will Indies, and imported from thence, or from Great Britain,

and

The thi'rty-seventh Year of George III. and that the several duties payable thereon, were duly paid; and the exporter or exporter* of such sugars or candy, shall then make oath before such collector or other proper officer, as aforesaid, which oath such collector or other proper officer is hereby authorized and directed to administer, that such sugars or candy, for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, are the identical sugars or candy, or part thereof which were sold to him or them, as aforesaid, by such refiner or refiners, and before the money due upon such debenture or debentures shall he paid, such exporter or exporters shall make oath in the manner herein before directed, that such sugars or candy have been duly exported, and the searcher, or other proper officer of the port, respectively, from which such sugars or candy shall be exported, shall certify that the fame have been fairly flipped, and all other requisites duly performed; and whenever the refiner or refiners of such sugars or candy shall be the exporter or exporters thereof, such exporter or exporters flail then make oath, in manner aforesaid, as well of the due exportation of the fame, as of the several particulars herein before directed to be sworn to by such exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

CLV. And be it enacted, That upon the arrival of any ship or vessel from any of the BritilK plantations in America or the West Indies, with sugars on board, at the port of her discharge in this kingdom, the matter or other person taking charge.of the ship or vessel, shall, at the time he makes his report of the cargo, deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue, such certificate as is usually given or required to be given by the matter of such flip, loading in and to fail from any of the said colonies to Great Britain, and make oath, which oath the collector or other chief officer of the revenue is hereby empowered and directed to administer, that the goods so reported are the fame that are mentioned in the said certificate, or in default thereof shall forfeit one hundred pounds; and that all sugar imported without such certificate shall be deemed to be foreign sugars, and not of the'growth, product or manufacture of the British colonies, and shall pay duty accordingly.

CLVI. And be it enacted, That all clayed sugars shall be deemed to be Muscovado sugar, within the meaning of this act, and shall pay. duty'and receive drawback as'.such, and be subject to the like regulations in every respect.

CLVII. Provided always, That if any sugar shall be imported into this kingdom, as being of - the growth, product or manufac-

357 A.D.

1797-

Chap. vO.

Exj'O ICf'i Oitlt.

Officer to certify t'.ippwg,

when refiner is evparter ha shall five.ir to all part'Cii-lsrs, except saie.

Mailers of vessels from fi. plantations in America or W. Indies, shall deliver certificates and fweer to j eports.

penally tool, and sugars shall pay lo-reign duty.

Clayed sugar deemed Muscovado sugar.

Vol. XVIII.

tune

with I'uyars, or glutinous fublUncc, (halt be («.r-fehed, tec.

No drawback on (pints in calks umlcr 50 gallons.

358 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

tore of any British colony or plantation in America or the Well

179'/- Indies, without being included in such certificate, and that it shall

Chap^p. apj,car to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue that

Sugaism such sugars are really the product, growth, or manufacture of such

B?t£mut!o« British plantations or colony, and that no fraud vims intended, it

maybccnitr- (]ial| |,e lawful for the commissioners to permit such futrars to heed ;:s fitc.l r v . 0

piMiifli in c.f entered, upon payment of the like duties as the fame would be li-Hknou'h°not* able 10 if they were attended with and included in the certi-

inclnilid in fieate.

certificate. ' t

imported CLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any spirits shall be import-Sfu"iBd el^ *Mt° kingdom with which sugar, sugar-camly, lyrup, or other glutinous fuhftance shall be mixed, such spirits so mixed shall be forfeited, together with the casks or vessels in which the lame shall be contained, and it shall be lawful for any officer of his Mjesty’s revenue to seize the same.

CLIX. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed upon the exportation of any brandy or other foreign spirits that shall be exported in calks or vessels containing less than fifty gallons each.

CLX. And whereas the cambrick manufactures of this kingdom have received great prejudice, by means of foreign camhrieks and lawns fraudulently run into different parts of this kingdom, ami fold under the denomination of British or Irish catnbricks and Porta ui.o lawns: for the prevention of such frauds, be it enacted, That rcigtfcam-°" any person or persons who shall introduce into any part of this liriciisor kingdom any foreign camhrieks or lawns, and’shall denominate

lavras as Bn-. ® in ’

tifli or Irish, such foreign camhrieks or lawns, or ailert the same to be British or

sd.'.indcL Irish camhrieks or lawns, knowing the fame 10 be foreign catnbricks

Imck; i or lawns, shall, for every such offence, over and above the for-moiety of pc- 7 '

nahy to Dun- feiture of such foreign catnbricks or lawns, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid and applied to the use of the

governor and company for carrying on the cambrick manufacture

it) Dundalk or elsewhere in this kingdom, and the other moiety te

the informer or informers.

CLXI. And whereas it may tend to the encouragement of the

growing of hops in this kingdom, if foreign hops imported into

(lull oi! ware- this kingdom should not he vended, except at such times as the

middle price of British hops imported into this kingdom shall ex-

M.ijcliy ami ccej tjle jllm 0p n;ne p0uncis by the hundred weight: be it enact-tmporters.ana 1 J

(lull not be ed, That all foreign hops imported into this kingdom, ihalJ, upon

ccpt for'ex-1" the landing thereof, be lodged in the presence of the officer of the

r°rImturimU"’ revenue> an(I uncIer the locks h‘s Majesty and the im-

tyice of liri- potter or proprietor, in such warehouse or warehouses, to be pro-

tilU lion? c.v-j

CMlisyl.p.C!. V1"CU

daik m.imif and i to in-foi mer.

Foreign hops

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 359

tided at the expense of such importer or proprietor, as shall be ap- A. £>_ proved of by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or 1797. more of them, or by the collector or other chief officer of the port Chap. 30. where the same shall be imported, and the same shall not be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses, except for exportation, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, that the middle juice oi British hops imported into this kingdom shall have exceeded, at the time of landing such hops, or the delivering out thereof, the hid sum of nine pounds by the hundred weight.

CLXII. Provided always, That that the commissioners of his Coimaif. Majesty's revenue, shall, from time to time, mike enquiry, and notice in ®‘lc whenever it shall appear to them, or any three or more of them, that the middle price of hops exceeds the sum of nine pounds the aimvrgl. hundred weight, it shall and may be lawful for the said conunii- im.-s nuy'tio sioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby re- ^,'j^ qtiired to give notice in the Dublin Gazette, that the middle price of hops doth exceed the said sum of nine pounds the hundred weight, and it shall be lawful for three months after date and publication of such notice, to fell all foreign hops without their being warehoused.

CLXIII. And be it enacted, That an allowance after the rate of ten pounds per centum, shall be made for the weight of every bag or pocket, in which hops shall be imported during the time aforesaid, for the tare of such bag or pocket; and also, an allowance at the scale of eight pounds for draft for every package that shall contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco, or more, and two pounds for every such package for nailage, which allowance on tobacco shall not be deducted oil exportation.

CLXIV. And be it enacted, That no salt of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, shall be exported in any ship or vessel of lets burthen than one hundred tons, and in bulk only, and not in bags or sacks, and that on the exportation of any salt, of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, the merchant, exporter, or owner thereof, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with sufficient sureties, in the sum of six shillings and eight pence for every bulhcl of salt, reckoning fifty-six pounds to every bulhcl that shall be shipped or put on board such ship or vessel, with condition, that the fame, or any part thereof, shall not be landed in Great Britain or the Isle of Man, but that the lame shall really and truly be exported for 4X2 other

lot. per cent, allowed for weight of

hop-bags;

riiid 8)b. for draft of 47,j cf tohacc.), ruii z!b, for

iiaiifigc.

English or Irish i;ilt not tobccxpoited ;n vessels under ico tons, and shall be in bulk only;

36°

A.D.

iW. unap. 30.

exporter; to give fccuriiy that salt will not be landed inC Britain or Man;

if certificate of salt being landed in a foreign port be returned within 6 months, bond shall be given up.

Cocketj to be given to matters of vessels bringing salt coast-ways, who shall enter into bonds conditioned to disch.irge at ports named;

certificates returned within 3 months, and bonds given up without; fee;

as much as necessary for provisions,

*Vc may be . shipped.

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III.

other parts beyond the seas, and that a certificate of such salt being landed at or in some foreign port, Great Britain and the Isle of Man, excepted, shall be returned within the space of six calendar months, from the date of the said bond, under the seal of office of the chief magistrate in any port or place beyond the seas, except as before excepted, or under the hand and seal of the Britishi consul residing at such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two British merchants, then being at such- port or place, that such salt was there landed, and on return of such certificate, the said bond shall he void and of no effect, and shall be delivered up without fee or reward to the obligors, their executors or administrators, to be cancelled.

CLXV. And in order so prevent frauds being committed by persons shipping salt on board small vessels or boats, under pretence of carrying the fame from one port, creek or place ill Ireland, to some other port, creek or place in the fame kingdom: be it enacted, That no ship, vessel or boat laden or partly laden with salt, with an intent to discharge or land the fame in some other port or place within this realm, shall be suffered to depart from the port or place where (he shall take -in -her lading, until the matter, purser, or other person, having charge of the said ship, vessel, or boat, shall take and receive from the chief officer of the revenue of the said port, or his deputy, a cocket under the hand of such officer, expressing the quantity of -such salt as shall be so shipped to be carried coastways, and shall also enter.into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with sufficient sureties, in the sum of six shillings and eight pence for every bufficl of fair, reckoning fifty-six pounds to every builvel, with condition that the fame salt shall be delivered and discharged in the port or place to which tht said ship, boat, -or- vessel shall -be destined, or in some other port or place within this kingdom, and not elsewhere, the danger of the seas -excepted; and that such matter, purser; or other person having charge of such ship, boat or vessel, shall return a certificate of the landing thereof, within three calendar months next ensuing the date of the said cocket, under the hands and seals of the col-lettor, customer, or comptroller-of- his Majesty's customs, his or their deputy or deputies, in the port or place where such goods shall he landed or discharged; and from and after the return of such certificate, such bonds shall be void and delivered up without fee or reward, to the respective obligors, their executors or administrators, to be cancelled: provided always, that it shall be lawful to Blip as much salt as may be necessary for the provision of the crew of such. ship or vessel, for their voyage, or for curing of fish.

2 . CLXVL. Pro-

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 361

CLXVI. Provided also, That if such salt, so to be exported or A.D. shipped, or to be carried coalhvays, or any part thereof, shall 1797* perith or be loft at sea, or shall be taken by enemies or pirates at sea, or shall be stranded, and that duly proved, to the satisfaction when frit of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue for the time icl ai"i-a7 being, or any three or more of them, the said bonds shall thereupon be void, and of no effect, and be delivered up without fee or reward to the respective obligors, their executors or administrators, to be cancelled.

CLXVII. And be enacted, That all salt brought on the coast s.iit utAlu of this kingdom, or within three leagues thereof, shall be subject to the like duty that such salt would he subject to if the fame was bc actually landed in this kingdom, and in case any ship, vessel or fdzcdii not boat with salt on hoard, shall be on any part of the coast of this hours.n kingdom, or within three leagues thereof, for the space of twenty-four hours, and shall not invoice the said salt, and pay duty for the fame, then, and in every such case, all such salt shall be forfeited, and it shall and may he lawful for any officer of the revenue to seize all such salt as shall be found on board Inch ship, veil'd or boat, and to detain such ship, vessel, or boat, in which the salt shall so be found, until the said salt shall be unladen.

GLXVIII. And be it enacted, That all lamb-fldns, and wool t-amh ifm«, of lamb -skins, may be separately exported to Great Britain, and j,e y no lamb-fldns, whether (link or (laughtered, from which the wool qpb-ct- shall not have been taken, shall be exported from this kingdom, limb-feint to any place whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof. Lc

CLXIX. And be it enacted, That no raw and undressed seal- r.i« fai tfldns shall be exempted from duty'on the importation thereof, on account of their being taken by the crews of vessels belonging to, U5I*vft or fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, vcifcii fiv&ir or Man, unless the captain or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing such seal-lkins, do make oath lIle crcw-,ic-before the collector, or other principal officer at the port of importation, who is hereby required and authorized to administer the lame, that the feai-skins imported therein, arc really and Inma fide the skins of Gcals taken and caught by the crew, or by persons employed by the matter or owner of such ship or vessel.

CLXX. And whereas frequent disputes do happen between the merchants and officers of the customs, touching and concerning damaged wines, the fame depending for the moll part on the taftc thereof; and whereas such corrupt wines are highly prejudicial

fz The thirly-Jvoenth'Y-ear of George III.

A.D.

both to his Majest/:; revenue and the health-of his Majesty's fub-1797- jcch of this kipgd.un: for the effectual preventing thereof, be it ensAcd, That in case any merchant or other person shall find hit Mcrclianu wine, or any part thereof, in his judgment so damaged, corrupt niuc'uKubl; *or unmerchantable, as not to be-worth the duties, in fitch caie 'reh’-rf merchant shall have liberty immediately after landing the hid ofcers, the wines, to Have and Ijiill the fame, in the presence of fitch officer ratified br or officers as shall be appointed for that purpose, by the commiifi-of Tcers- and oners of |,|s Majesty's c.xcifo, or any tlirec or more of them, or the

duties repaid - 1 1

-.vithout.de- collector or other chief officer, of the port, where the said wines , bunion. p)la|| ijj imported, and that the merchant so. Having and spilling

shall be repaid the whole duty-paid by him for the fame,-without any delay, -charge, fee or deduction on-any- pretence- whatfccver-, and that in order to.certify the quantity of wine so destroyed, the proper officer appointed for discharge of the lltip importing the fame, shall make an entry thereof at the foot of the merchant’s warrant.

CLXXI. And be it enacted, That over- and above the duties

Allowances

for freight repaid as aforesaid, the merchant- or other person shall, for every to be paid to ton of wine so»destroyed, if of the growth of Germany, or wines diiiw'-nt *, Cf which pay duties as litclt, be allowed.as-a compensation for the wiin-s fofpi!- sfreight attd other charges, the film of four pounds; and for every ton cf wine-of the growth of France so destroyed, the sum -cf . forty shillings j attd for wines of the growth of Portugal, Spain,

and elsewhere, the film of six pounds; and so proporticnakly for . a greater or Idler quantity.; which, allowances shall without any delay he paid on a certificate of the said wines being so spilled, out of the duties payable to his Majesty,-and the proper-officer or officers are hereby required to make out and lign such certificates, without fee cr reward.

Nottoaf- CLXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any thing or C|,£rrj|° herein contained, or to be done in- execution thereof, shall not ofiviiu-s. extend, or be construed to extend to diminifhor lessen the duties . of prizage or hutlerage of wines, due upon the importation of the fame, but that the lame shall be collected and paid, in the same manner as if this act had never been made.

Ho allow- CLXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no allcw-;"S-C.»ce shall be made for any such corrupt or decayed wine, unless 1,cm pi ica of, p-u-h wine shall be imported in calks direct, from the country cr

or.'.wtii, but . V.., J

lad ivim- wail place of the grotvtli of such wine, or the usual place of its itrft -,b. pj.ieJ. but the same shall be flaved, unless the full duty be paid

: for the same.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CLXXIV. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares and men chandizes, which shall be landed out of any ship or ether vessel at the custona-house quay, of the port of Dublin, shall be taken away from the said quay, by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons to whom the same shall be consigned, at the respective times herein after mentioned, that is to say, that every cade of spirits, wines and ether liquors or liquids shall be taken and carried away from tl'.e laid quay, within the space of three days, commonly called working days, that is to say, three days not being Sundays or holidays, after the same shall have been so landed; and that every cad: or Other package of weighable or dry goods shall be taken and carried from the said quay within the space of fix working days after the same shall have been so landed; and if any person or persons, shall, contrary to the directions herein contained, permit or fufler his, her or their spirits, wines, liquors or other liquids to lie or remain on the said quay for any longer space of time than three working days, after the same shall be so landed on the said quay, that then every calk of spirits, wines, liquors, and other liquids, shall be charged and chargeable with the penalty of two shillings for every fitch cask of spirits, wines, liquors, or other liquids, for every day the same shall remain, after the said three working day?; and in case any person or persons shall permit' or fu.Ter any of his, her, or their casks or packages of weighable or dry goods or merchandizes to remain on the said quay, for any longer ("pace of time than fix working days, after the same shall be so landed on the said quay, that then every cask or package of weighable or dry goods, shall be charged and chargeable with a penalty of two shillings for every fitch cad: or package of weighable or dry goods, for every day fitch calk or package shall so remain on the said quay, after the said fix working days.

CLXXV. And be it enacted, That the surveyor or surveyors of the said quay, are hereby required to fiize such goods, wares and merchandizes, continuing on the said quay, after the expiration of the said working days hereby allowed, and lodge the fame, or a sufficient part thereof in his Majesty's (lores, as security for the amount of fitch penalties; and in case the owner or owners of such goods, wares and merchandize, find neglect to pay such penalties within the space of three months next after the same shall be so seized, it shall he lawful for such surveyor or surveyors, to sell the same by public auction, and to apply the money arising therefrom, to the'payment offitch penalties, and the cods and 4 Y 2 charges

Tinrs 2p*

pointed u»r taking goal* otV the qu.iv, afVr lanoijisf, a ch.Tgci f:»r luCciing t!:?m to lie lo-.g.-r.

G'oJs to be loJged in lfatcs for such on irges, and ioltl if not rclcafrd in 3 moptbs;

overpbs to owners

364

A.D.

’797-' Chap. 30.

20l. Penalty for felling by . au£tion on the quay, on-. less by order of commis- . .-fioner?.

‘'Damaged

goods may - be sold by auction on quay, within 6 days after landing, if reported by: Purveyors.

lvTonc (ln]l --.-ply as porters on quay, or in (lores, but such as re* Ccive badges from surveyors, penalty ..5l. or 1 month's imprisonmsut.

t

Carmen talcing olF tlw quay,

without gaie-.notes, forfeit 40s. and horses, ars,

The thiriy-fetoenth Year of George III.

charges attending the fame, rendering back any overplus thereon to such owner or owners of such goods or merchandize.

CLXXV1. And be it enacted, That no goods or merchandize shall be sold by auction on the said quay, unless the the same shall be sold by order of the commissioners for payment of his Majofly’s dudes; and in case any person or persons shall fell, or attempt to . fell any goods, liquors, wares or merchandize by auction, on the: said quay, such person or persons, so felling or attempting to fell: the fame by auction, shall forfeit and pay the Turn of twenty: pounds.sterling, for every time such person or persons shall fell, or attempt to fell goods by auction on the said’quay.

CLXXVII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons to sell or dispose,' by-public, cant,- any damaged goods, wares or merchandize, which; shall he-landed on the said quay, provided, the ' surveyor or surveyors of the custom-house quay shall report, by writing-under his -or their hands, to his Majesty's commissioners,' that such goods intended: to be sold by auction, are really damaged,-and provided: that such-damaged goods shall be so sold by auction within six days - after the same shall be iandetl, otherwise that persons who shall sell the same, shall be liable to' such penalty as aforesaid.

CLXXVIII. And whereas numbers of idle and disorderly persons daily frequent the custom-house. quay of the port of Dublin, under pretence of plying and ailing as porters on the fame, by which the property of individuals has in many-.instances'bsen purloined: bc: it enacted, That it shall not he lawful, for any person whatsoever to ply or aft as a porter on the custom-house quay of the port of Dublin, or in the (lores of said ouftom-house, until such person shall he first approved of by the surveyors of the said quay or.store?, or any one of them, and receive in testimonyof such approbation-a badge-from the surveyor approving-of such person,'Signifying such approbation; which badge' shall be delivered to every such person without fee or reward; and-if any person 1 shall- ply -or aft as a, porter on said- quay, or in'said ;(lores, until badged and approved of ns aforesaiil, such person being thereof convicted before any magistrate of the city of Dublin, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment of said sum, he shall be imprisoned for-one month, without-bail-or-main-prize.

CLXXIX. And be -it enacted, That if any carman shall take any goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the enftom-house-quay in the city of Dublin, without first obtaining -from the proper officer a gate-note, permitting such goods, wares, wares, or merchandizes,

The thiirty-seventh Year of George III. 3%

merchandizes, to betaken away, such carman shall forfeit the him A.D. of i'urtv lltillings, together with the cart, car, or other draught, 1 "?< and the horse or horses drawing or carrying the fame, which cart, Ch.ip._jO. car, or other draught, and stich horse or horses may he ler/.ed ior i:,: sudi offence, by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and ii any ‘ porter shall carry any goods, wares, or merchandize?, from Inch pr:.!br..’i.-«. quay, without lirll obtaining such gate-note, such prater (kali forfeit the like sum of forty shillings, and in default of payment of the respective penalties by such carman or porter, stich t trs:au or porter shall be imprisoned for one month, without bail orin.unpri/. c.

CLXXX. And be it enacted, That the commissioners ol (lie ... ,rJ

revenue, or any three or more of them, or Inch person as they ',

' 1 charge d-.rr

or any three or more of them shall empower for that purpose, cargrcs at

shall appoint such place as they or he shall think proper, for every ship or vessel arriving at the custom-house-quay in the port of Dub- ""'"'I'f'J'

lin, to discharge the cargo of such drip or vessel, and that it shall penally 5l.

not lie lawful for the matter or other person having the charge or

command of such ship or vessel, to discharge the cargo of such

ship or vessel or any part thereof, at any other than the place

so to be appointed; and the matter or other person having

the charge of such ship or vessel offending herein, shall forfeit the

sum of five pounds for every such offence.

CLXXXI. And whereas it is necessary that the commissioners Commissi-

of his Majesty's revenue should purchase lands and tenements for hnll]°pom'

building light-houses, watch-houl’es and other accommodations for

® 0 , may purdiale

the buuness of the revenue *, be it crta&ed, That it shall and may be ground for lawful forali persons,bodies politick and corporate, tenants in tail, te- and\vj'tcli-S nants for life, infants by their guardians, and the guardians and committees of Innaticks and idiots, feme coverts, with their huf- them, bands, by leases or deeds indented and enrolled, to demise for any term of years to his Majesty, or the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or to such person or persons as the said commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any three or more of them shall appoint, in trust and to and for the use of Ids Majesty, and lands not exceeding one acre plantation measure, with the tenements thereon, together with such road or passage as may be necessary to such building, not exceeding twenty-one feet in breadth, without fine or other consideration, iave only the yearly rent reserved.

CLXXXII. Provided always, That if such land be any part of inptaeea any fair-green, or market-place, or within the precincts of any J'-j,'j d'o city, town-corporate, borough, or manor, having a right to re- more

° - . demifcu il>?n

turn citizens or burgehes to parliament, or of any quay, pier, or light house!, You XVIII. 4Z dock,&c>llrni0"- '

3 66 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

dock, or any part of any town, or village actually built upon, any 1797- part of a demesne, or of any lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a house, or of any park or paddock for deer, not more of such land shall be demised than is absolutely necessary for such light-houses or watch-houses to (land or be eroded on.

Persons inhabiting such light-houses, &c. shall not acquire a right of voting thereby.

In case of refusal to dc-mise, or dlf-

CLXXXIII. Provided always, That no officer or officers, or other person or persons residing in or inhabiting such light-house or light-houses, watch-house or watch-houses, shall have, acquire, or exercise any right of voting for members to serve in parliament, for or by reason of such inhabiting or rclidence.

CLXXXIV. And in case any person or persons shall refuse to demise such land or tenements as aforesaid, to the said commifli-

ference about oners of the revenue, or to such person or persons as the said commilucners' missioners for the time being, or any three or more of them shall jufasor'0 appoint, or in case any difference concerning the rent for i'uch afa, or lands or tenements shall arise, between the persons interested there-county Dub. in and the said commissioners, or the person or persons so to be cau’r-'ajurv*'1 appointed as aforesaid: be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or '"cN *uc*1 PerP011 or persons foappointed as aforesaid, may apply to the juffcls value; ticcs of assize at the next general assizes to be holden for the rc-fpcflive counties where such grounds shall respectively lie, or in calc inch grounds shall lie in the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, then the said commissioners, or Inch persons may apply to the chairman of the fe/Iions of the peace, at the next general sessions or adjournment thereof, to he held in and for the said county, or county of the city of Dublin, and the justices at the said assizes, or chairman of the said sessions, respectively, shall upon such application, cause a jury to be then and there impannelled by the sheriff of such count)', and cause such jury to be sworn well and truly to assess the value of such lands or tenements, and the rent to be given for the same to the respective proprietors and occupiers thereof, according to their parous to respective interests therein, am! the respective parties shall have hal'cnges; their lawful challenges, and the said jury being so sworn, shall, after evidence on oath given to them, by their verdict ascertain the rent to be paid for sudi lands or tenements to the respective propri-

etors and occupiers thereof, according to their respective interests therein; and the said justices or chairman shall give judgment thereon, which verdict and judgment shall he conclusive, and finally 'find all parties; and after such verdict and judgment judgment faffi commissioners, cr such person or persons as they or any

thereon hnnl; nit . in tit* 7 J

three of them shall appoint, shall hold and enjoy such lands or

i

tenements

The ibtrty-seventh Year of George III. 367

tenements for the use of his Majesty, (hiring fuclt term as the said A.D. commissioners shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, pay- 1797* ing for the fame such yearly rent as shall be adjudged in manner aforesaid, and all rents to be awarded by any jury for such lands rents to be or tenements, shall be duly paid by the collectors of the districts j' eioif. in which the lands respectively lie, to the persons entitled to receive the same.

CLXXXV. Provided always, That notice in writing shall be Notice to served upon the persons interested in such lands or tenements, or left at their last place of abode, thirty days at least before the said ,wl®re assizes or sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, i'pecifying the lands and tenements intended to be valued, and that application will be made to the justices aforesaid, or chairman aforesaid, as the case may be, to have such lands and tenements valued as aforesaid, and that due proof be made at such assizes or sessions of thcferviccof such notice.

CLXXXVI. And be it enacted, That every person felling any Persons kind of goods, wares or merchandizes, in any other package g00js than that in which the fame were imported into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to lie a retailer, except such persons as deal in imported in, and fell wine in quantities not less than one gallon, or nutmegs, tailers, exmace, cloves or cinnamon, drugs, dying-stuffs, and the materials llcrc’ of manufacture, and persons dealing in porter, who sell the same in corked bottles, not Id's than four dozen of quart bottles at any one time, or in calks containing not less than ten gallons, and persons dealing in cyder, who sell the same in corked bottles, not less than two dozen of quart bottles at any one time.

CLXXXVII. And in order to prevent frauds being committed wincor by not fending permits with exciseable goods, be it enacted, That ^aYlons^'‘ all (vines in calks, bottles, jars, or other vessels, any quantity of ‘ob3'c" ®r

t . snuff above

brandy or other foreign spirits, or of strong waters or spints made coffee in this kingdom, exceeding four gallons, all tobacco or snuff above the weight of four pounds, coffee exceeding two pounds weight, r"‘

malt exceeding fix stones weight, filgar exceeding in weight fifty- S6lb. ret in six pounds, silks in whole pieces, and Kail India goods imported into this kingdom, other than and except fpicerics of all forts, and

° cept Iptccrics

except tea not exceeding the weight of two pounds, and all other and u\i, and exciseable goods whatsoever, that shall be carrying or conveying, )" or carried and conveyed from the stores, fliops or house or out- °y'r"ci'c‘ house of any person, save as herein after excepted, to the flores, without per-shop, house, or out-house of any other, shall be liable to he feiz-ed by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and shall be 4 Z 2 deemed

68 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A D deemed and taken to be run-goods, and forfeited as fuel), unless

T_ the carrier or person that conveys the fame, or the person in whose Cli iji ->c poifession the fame (Kail be, shall actually produce a permit or lct-jo Is, given by the proper officer of the revenue, for the carriage of the said goods", if demanded or required lo to do by any of the said officers.

Sjchprc.Cs TXXXVIII. Provided always, That oil oath made by the 'wIotT carrier or person in whose poffdfion such shall be found, of the lcls puofUws oi fj.ih nermil, and by the merchant, before the commilficniTs cr fier.ln, ihat fub-commissioners of cxcil’e, in their respective districts, tint lueh enken oun permit was not taken out or made ulc of, to his knowledge or belief, dukmiy £. fraudulently to cover or prated! any other goods, but was taken out for the particular goods so seized, in such case, the entry from such permit in the books of the proper officer, or a copy thereof, duly attcfled, shall be evidence of such permit’s having been taken out, and such goods shall thereupon be restored to the owner or proprietor thereof.

Certificates CLXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it Hull of importing ])c lawful for importing merchants, in ports where tobacco may shall i.;.vc by law be imported, to give certificates for all such goods as they min whUa^" ffiail fell, other than and except coffee, tobacco and spirits, to per-such place*. fons refilling within the same port or place where they shall have

except is to ° 1

enfc, toliac- imported the fame, of the several parcels or quantities of goods

co ml fpt. ti1Cy shall have. Ibid.

which certificate shall have the fame

force and effect to prated! i’uch goods within such port or place, as

permits have in respect to goods-conveying or conveyed from one

place to another.

Retailers to CXC. And be it enacted, That every retailer, or person dealing oliicers wh-n° 111 ^dfcable goods, as often as he or five shall purchase such goods they purchase from any importer thereof, shall, on their arrival at the place of goods, oho their dcflination, or within twenty-four hours after, give notice compare1'11 thereof in writing to the proper officer, who is hereby ic-goods with quired to repair immediately thither, and examine said goods, and enter in with the merchant’s cndorl’ement on the hack of the retailer’s cer-stock boot:, dfoate, and if they shall agree, the officer shall take such goods in-- to his general Hock, and such retailer shall be entitled to credit fer ’ff'lT "1’° the fame, as goods legally imported; and in case any retailer or jicit to give . dealer in excil’eable goods shall neglect or refuse to give. such of-nottec, f)cer not;C£) ov f^jii refuse to produce his certificate, as often as he shall be required by such officer so to do, in every inch case the goods and the casks, or packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and such retailer shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; for every such offence.

2

C.XCI. And

The ihlriy-sevenih Yea)' of George III. 369

CXCI. And be it enacted, That such officer shall take (lock on A.D. all retailers of excise.ible goods, and shall keep a true and full 1707* account thereof in a book, and on every visit, he is hereby requir- Chap 30. ed to give such retailer an exact copy of the flock so by him rakent '"oSkcrTio

and to enter the fame in a certificate hook to he kept hv such re- '‘"T 'I0'0."'1

1 % 1 otitocxwnh

taller; and in all cases where a permit shall be necessary for the retailers of subsequent removal of any goods, the retailer shall produce to the 'o0js 1 permitting officer his certificate book, and opposite to the officer’s ccrUScate-account of flock, the retailer shall enter the quantity and quality ,i,icjtooffi-of the goods to he permitted, to whom and where sent, and the same shall be signed by such retailer or his known clerk, and if it wanting; shall appear that any fraud was committed, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, by such retailer, or his clerk, such retailer shall be accountable for the same as his own act, and every such retailer and shall, at the expiration of his license, deliver up his (lock, and per- books to be mit-certificate book to the proper officer appointed to keep (lock, on him, or in default thereof, shall forfeit tliefumof one hundred

pire, penalty

pounds*

CXCII. And be it enacted, Tint as often as any exciseible wjiat flult goods shall be conveyed to any retailer, by virtue of any permit, the officer of excise shall enter all such goods in the certificate ;<nJsare font book kept by such retailer, and the permit or certificate from which ."'to such entry shall have been made, shall he fattened in the said certificate-book, by the retailer, and shall so remain fattened until the whole of the quantity contained in such permit or certificate shall be disposed of; and no officer of the revenue shall grant any per- Fcit! nlt ( mit on the credit of such certificate-book, unless it shall appear by unlck pfifons the permits or certificates annexed thereto, that the person apply- eiaSjjs1"1 ingfor such permit is entitled to credit for the quantity of goods for hcidn. which he or (lie requires such permit, nor unless such person make oath that the goods for which he or (lie requires such permit, arc part of the fame goods mentioned in the permit or certificate faf-tened to the faitl book, and by virtue of which such goods were taken into (lock. OHconifi.

CXCIII. And be it enacted, That every retailer shall within ten " b^glfci! days after the thirty-first day of December in every year, deliver ^J'ithfn'io to the officer of the walk, in which lie or Ihe resides, the fetid ecr- Jiysaftw tificate-book, with all the permits and certificates so fattened there- ii’vhii'iof-to as aforesaid, and such officer shall thereupon give to such rc-tailor, a certificate for such of his (lock mentioned in the said ecr- f nficate-bouk, as shall then remain on hands, and shall enter the in,;!: on fame in a new certificate-book, to be kept in manner aforesaid; and if any retailer shall neglect to deliver to sucla officer his certificate- ;l>n",ull° Vol. XVIII. 5 A book. rgr'Sed.

Omccr’i en.ry nut fuf fiCV. J'ro-

teflion iviih-oiit pi t mil or certificate.

Permits for flootk. under 51, one pen-wy; and 5l. and upwards, three pence-

Persons who forge permits or cockc<s, or use )Uv!i as are forged, shall b-iranf* ported for 7 years.

Mow permits shall be written or printed, and what they shall contain.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

l>o(,k, lie or flic shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and no permit shall be granred to convey any goods from any retailer, after the time he or Hie is hereby required to deliver to the officer the said certificate-hook, with the permits or certificates fastened thereto, unless his certificate-book shall have Leon delivered to such officer.

CXC1V. And be it enacted, That no entry of any officer fha|[ he fufiieient to protect any exciseable goods from feifure, linlds the permit for carrying such goods to such retailer, or the certificate tinder which he received such goods, shall remain fastened to such certificate-hook.

CXCV. And be it enacted, That no officer of his Majesty's revenue shall demand or receive any fee or reward for any permit, other than the several fees and rates herein after mentioned, that is to say, for any permit for any goods under the value of five pounds, one penny; and for every permit for any goods of the value of five pounds and upwards, three pence.

CXCVI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time counterfeit, or forge any permit, let-pass or coast-cocket, for the carriage of goods, in cases where by law permits, Ict-paflcs or coast-cockets are required, or shall counterfeit any impression, (lamp, or mark, provided or appointed, or to be provided or appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's excise or customs, for the time being, or any three or more of them, to be put to or upon such permit, lct-pass or coast-cocket, or shall make use of any such counterfeit or forged permit or coast-cocket, with such counterfeit impression, stamp, or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeited, such person or persons, being thereof legally convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the space of seven years.

CXCVII. And be it enacted, That all permits or let-pafles shall be wrote, stamped or printed in plain legible characters, and shall contain such particulars as shall from time to time be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and also the several following particulars, that is to say, the date, the number and the district from whence issued, and the place to which the fame is intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the marks, weight, package and quantity of goods intended to he conveyed under such permit, asexadtly as the case will admit of, and shall likewise contain the real names, and surnames, and place of abode, of the person or persons fending such goods and commodities, and of the person or persons to whom intended to be lent; and in case any fictitious name or names shall be inserted

2 in

M 1 A.D.

179'. Chap. 30.

Pormi.b- not 0! lo;c afar i \- iii.,tuin of lini limi.Yii tin"' i:\ iv'f

In cases of nccLVnt

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

in any such permit or permits, the goods mentioned therein shall he forfeited; and at the foot of every permit shall likeivile he mentioned, some reasonable limited time for such permit to be of force, for the conveyance of such goods from one place to another, and after the expiration of Inch limited time, the said permit or lct-pass, shall not be of force, for proteding or conveying the yjoods and commodities which shall be mentioned therein, from being ifmicii.inJ, foisted by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and forfeited as goods clandestinely run or imported, or fraudulently made, manufactured or distilled; and every permit, in which there shall he any crafure, interlineation or alteration, shall be null and void.

CXCVIII. Provided always, That if the carriage of Inch gooJs

and commodities shall be prevented from being fully performed . , ° 1 1 maybcmiUe

within the time limited in Inch permit, by any unavoidable acci- on basks nf dent, then, on notice being immediately given by the owner or 1’"!.",'" carrier of such goods and commodities to any officer of the revenue, li nu ’ and a rest or stay being made of such goods or commodities, at or near the place where such accident shall happen, the officer of the revenue, to whom such notice shall be given, shall, without delay, repair to the place where such goods and commodities shall then be, and if such officer shall find upon view or enquiry, such goods or commodities were (lopped or delayed in their carriage by such accident, then such officer shall by endorsement on such permit, enlarge the time for the carriage of such goods, to the place of their first destination; and if any officer of the revenue, shall Io) penalty wilfully or negligently omit, or refuse to do his duty herein, ac- Jjjr

cording to the directions aforesaid, such officer shall, on proof be- do as herein ing made thereof, to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of <*'re®c‘1-his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

CXCIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases, on proof of where the carriage of such goods and commodities, shall, by means of any accident, be prevented from being performed within the be in force to time limited by the permit, and that fully proved to the satisfaction SefficaSon, of the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners of excise in *°rfo,1,1,ch

time as was

their respective districts, the permit shall continue, and be in force, loll, for the carriage of the goods and commodities to the place of their destination, for such time only, and no longer, as was loft or delayed by fitch accident.

CC. And be it enacted, That no permit shall be granted for Permits w conveying tobacco, brandy, or other foreign spirits or wine in hogsheads to any greater distance than such reasonable distance at jj> lirsn"jails, which a proper officer for granting permits shall reside, such distance a reasonable 5 A 2 to

:-372

A.D.

797-Chap. 30.

Surplus of - goo.Is for which .1 permit or certificate of entry is noi produced, shall be forfeited.

Permits to be lodged with olr.cers within z\ hours after arrival, or if Sunday, Ctrillmas-dr.y, or Good Fiiday intervene, in 4S hours;

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

to be inferied in such permit, and if it shall be necessary to have such goods carried farther, it shall be lawful for the person having charge of such goods to demand a renewal of such permit, or a new permit, from the proper officer of excise of the district to which the first permit was directed, as he shall think fit, which renewal or new permit such officer is hereby required to grant, if the time of such permits being in force be not expired, upon the owner or other person having charge of such goods, producing the original permit to such officer, and making oath that the goods I'o 1 produced are the identical goods for which the said original permit was produced, if required by the officer so to do, and in case such goods shall not he intended for the place the second permit shall he directed to, the person having charge of such goods shall be entitled to a renewal or new permit, for the carriage thereof, upon performing the requilites herein before directed, and so in like manner, the person having charge of such goods shall he entitled to renewals or new permits for the fame, without any fee or reward.

CCI. And whereas persons importing exciseable goods, or purchasing such goods from merchants importers, obtain permits for the quantities io imported or purchased, and under cover of such permits do send out finuggled goods: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That all goods mentioned in such permits as shallorinay he granted to any person or persons for the carriage of any ex-cilcabie goods, shall he considered and taken into the account of goods for which such person is entitled to have credit as goods legally imported, and that any surplus or exceeding which shall be found in the custody or possession of any person or persons, and for which such person or persons cannot produce a permit or certificate of entry, shall be deemed and taken to have been run, and shall he forfeited as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such goods had been actually run.

CCII. And be it enacted, That in cases where by law permits for the conveying of goods are required, and such permit shall be issued or taken out, the person to whom such goods or commodities /lull he font, shall, within twenty-four hours, or in case 1 Sunday, Ciiriltmas-day, or Good Friday, shall intervene, in forty-eight hours after the arrival of such goods and commodities, at the place to which they tliall have been lent, or after the expiration of the time limited in such permit, repair to the proper cilice for granting permits, where an office for that purpose shall he established, to the collector, surveyor, or other officer of excise, at such place with such permit, and lodge the fame with him; and such

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 3*3

eclicftor, surveyor, or other officer of excise, shall thereupon care- A.D. fully examine such goods and commodities, and shall, without fee 1797. or reward, upon affidavit made by the person to whom such goods Chap. 30-

shall be sent (which affidavit such officer may administer) that the c ——

goods mentioned in the permit were really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, give to the person bringing J such permit, a certificate signed by such officer, that tile said permit upon mi j.t-v;as lodged with him, which certificate thall contain in the body 'li ll1"' thereof, a copy of such permit, without erasure or interlineation, and the day of granting such certificate, and such certificate shall p rot eft the said goods and commodities, so long as the fame shall continue of force.

CCltr. And be it enacted, That if any goods or commodities Gr.oJsm.iy shall be found in the possession of any person or persons for the ttre^oris spice of twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hoars, respectively, after the arrival of such goods and commodities, and after the expi- 1.0: pruJuc-ration of the time limited in the permit, in which the goods and tl' commodities were carried and conveyed to the place to which iky shall have been sent, unless such person or persons shall have obtained, and shall produce such certificate as is herein before directed in the several cases aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited and may be seizetl.

CCIV. And be it enacted, That every person applying for a p.t.o;-,! ip. permit, for conveying any quantity of spirits or strong waters, more than four gallons, shall give an account in writing to the

w w 0 rnyM’iin t,;s

officer who is to grant such permit, of the number of calks or vef- n:n.b Ttt felsin which such spirits or ilrong waters are to he contained, to- "f. gether with the quantity of spirits or strong waters to he contained in each calk or vessel, and such officer shall, upon granting such inciic.ft permits, give therewith a ticket fir every calk or veiled contained in such permit, stamped with such (lamp or mark as the chief-com- n,t' w,1'cl1

‘ 1 r llsrl lit nii'n-

missioners of excise, or any three 01 them shall direct, and the bered and iill-

tiikets so to be given to curb person so applying, shall be number- c,i herein;

ed in arithmetical progrellion, beginning with the number one, and shall contain the number and date of the permit, the person’s nime to whom granted, and the name of the person to whom, and the place to which the calk corresponding with the number of the fridti'-ket is to be font, the number of gallons of spirits contain-d in such calks or veffids, and the time such permit is to remain in force, with the initial letters of the officer's name vho thall give

’ Y uctteu to he

the fame subscribed thereto, and that the person receiving such pihitun thk;t or tickets, before the removal of such aqua vita spirits, or Yol. XVIII. 5 B Ilrong

A.

>797-

CHAP. jo.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

D. strong waters, for which such per:nit was granted, shall affix or or fallen one of the said ticlrcts, with paste or other glutinous fub-stance, on each cast; or vessel, which ticket shall correspontl with the number and contents of the cask or vessel to which it shall he so affixed, and such ticket thall he kept affixed thereunto.

Spirit! con CCV. And be it enacted, That if any person conveying spirits

vcyingwitli- or throng waters in any vessel containing more than four gallons, (exceeding shall not upon demand made by any officer of excite, produce a proper permit then in force, and sufficient to profcdl and war-t'nc cars, rant tite conveyance of such spirits or throng waters, the said fpi-anj porur or rits and the vessels containing the fame, shall be seized and forfeited, together with the cart, car, or other carriage, and the horse ami 3 momlisim- horlcs drawing nr carrying the fame, and the porter or carman conveying the same shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, an I in default of payment thereof thall fuflcr three months im;ril'on-ment.

No permit CCVI. And be it enacted, That no permit or certificate thall he tobc in force in force, or shall protect or cover any goods or commodities lor mumhl'i1"j any longer time than for three months after such permit or ceriili-oiliciTs tn r.-- C:UC fizzill he so granted, and that before the end or expiration of tictv ce.iin. fiic]! time, the proper officer Hull, upon application made to him for that purpose, grant a new certificate for such goods or com- modifies, or for to much thereof as thall appear to such officer, upon examination thereof, to be on hand and undisposed uf, without fee or reward, and at the time of such new certificate Icing granted, the old one shall be delivered up to the officer granting the fame, and if any such goods or commodities shall be found without such certificate, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized.

CCVII. And whereas persons importing gcods into this kingdom, frequently grant certificates of their having fold quanliu s thereof, when in fact no such goods have been fold, and the persons to whom such certificates arc granted, procure them for the purpose of obtaining permits in order to cover smuggltd got d-:

Perfims for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if any person shall rat t .»boUlvcar- . ' r, r1 -

tiiic-n:! lor a certificate of having foul goods to any pc-rfon or per! o as, m.:c s S'o'llv i',1,1 the goods in such certificate mentioned shall have been adurdly schl by ihcui, ib.-.!l am] delivered to the person or ersons named therein, in every

ioifu; ioo!. . 11

such case, the person or persons granting the fame, shall forfeit one hundred pounds for every such offimee, and on the trial of any in-

mofof hi- *0r'I1‘lt'ion for t'‘iC aforesaid penalty, the prooJs that the goods mcr.u-

ioinim iacV oiled in such certificate were actually fold and delivered to the per*

fonoas. foa or persons therein named, shall lie on the person or p-.r.bss

granting the same.

CC.YII!. ArJ

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CCVIII. And be it enacted, That ail inch goods mentioned ia fuali permits, as shall cr may be gr.m'cd purhum to fitch certificates, to any person or persons lor the caniage of any exciseablj goods i! all bo forfeited, notwithstanding fitch permit, unfits finch goods iltall hav; been really and bnutjtU bought from the person granting (licit certificate, and the quantity of goods contained in ill eh certificate shall be deducted from the credit of lii; pufon or persons granting fitch certificate, and a! furphif. or exceeding above f;ich credit which shall be found in the custody or possession of lueh person or persons so granting fticlr certificate, shall be deemed to have been run, and shall be forfeited as if such goods lud been actually run.

CCIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, granting or renewing a permit or certificate, to examine upon call), which oath he is hereby authorized to administer, any person or persons applying for fitch permit or certificate, whether the duty was nfiluahy paid for the goods for which Inch permit or certificate shall he so demanded, and as to the identity of fitch goods, and to ail fitch other matters as shall appear to fueit officer or officers necelfiry to satisfy him or them, that the duties payable on Inch goods had been duly paid.

OCX. And whereas it frequently happen?, that penults and certificates are obtained fraudulently in order to cover cxeiib.iblo goods imported into tills kingdom, without paying the dtuics due and payable thcrccn, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, 'i iut if any lueh goods shall be seized for non-payment cf duties, in Inch case the proof of the payment of the duties on the legal importation, cr c.f the legal coir.pcfition, cr fJe, or condemnation, or of the place from which fitch goods were bought, (as the case may happen) shall lie on the owner or claimcr of such goods, and not on the officer who shall seize or flop fiu.ii goods, notwithstanding that a permit fit nil lie produced when such goods are conveying from one putt of this kingdom to another, or that a permit or certificate shall be produced after the anivj of such goods to the place of Their dedication.

CCMI..Am! be it enacted, That nu fphits, wines, tea, coffee, chi u, or muffin, width shall have Lem removed from the port or pl.tcc'of importation, or from any other port or place in this kingdom to any other poit or place in the fame, shall be again returned or fmt hack to such port or place from whence the fame was or ware before removed upon any pretence wlutlbcvtr, wish-5 II a out

'it; iii o.isti hi

;c.

] »; .ir tinted t i:t ctiMtt ci or pristt-

t's. f.

0 *:cr$ gr r.i-.ij Ur r-,.ra.a- ;:cr-

:*"jrili* -1:0:1 0

\V- v. v-cY: :-»

profit o( *'-)'

n t tU «.f da-

iicS llnll ic on iiurxr:,

; itlxo of»Ii (»ir-mivs or cciii-

fiCnto are pruticceJ.

No fj>irl:s,

Ml.li, U’,!, cul. f, dt 1.:., 01 m- iln fli.ili lit: re-

UlilKvi VO VilU

poit uo.n hc.'cc re-r.h/.cJ, u.v £ l.’cd.il

C'.Tiificctc i’i«in corn-ip-.ftbners.

bill;

permits or C’rtiScntcs

3/6 71 he thirty-Jevenih Year of George III.

A.D.

out leave being first obtained Tor that purpose, from the commissi-1797* oners of his Majesty's revenue, or any one or more of them, and for which a special certificate shall be granted to accompany the fame, in stich manner and form as the said commissioners respectively'shall think proper, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carriages, ships, vessels or boats, made use of in.removing the fame, where goods CCXII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any permit inittMUx ^0l t'10 conveyance of any spirits or other goods to any person cccd the shall be granted, and the quantity of such spirits or other goods mentioned’ expressed in the permit .(mill be less than the-quantity really sent contr'ft-for herewith, contrails, promises, afliimptions, bills, notes or overplus shall other lecuritics, where any part of the confuleration thereof tliall il>hidfor!'’ be for the value or price of a greater quantity of such spirits or wcih'rivil" °ther goods than that expressed in the permit, foall, as to fucit greater quantity be null and void, and no action or suit foall he . maintainable in any court of law or equity for the recovery of the value or price of any. greater-quantity of such spirits or other goods than shall he expressed in the permit for conveying the fame, and if the person or persons chargeable with the value or thuii he proof. prjcc of fodi spirits or other goods fluil have paid ready money for.

the fame, or the person or persons felling the fame, Hull otherwise have been paid or satisfied for the value or price thereof, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who foall have so paid or satisfied such value or price to recover from tile ieiler of such spirits or other goods the amount of the value or price cf so much , of such spirits or other goods as shall exceed the quantity menti-. oiled in the pcimit for conveying tire fame, to be sued for and recovered by civil bill in a court of proper jurisdiction, and in all . cases such permits or any certificate granted by any officer of the revenue in lieu thereof, shall be evidence of the quantity mentioned in such permit.

- vo-callcntr."- CCXII!. And for the better collecting-of the duties on licenses duiicionli- to pet'lons mamifacturing candles or soap for sale, to persons felling rious purpcJts or manufacturing paper-hangings for sale, - to persons felling tea or o^-d'!IUim groceries, to persons felling or making gold or silver plate for sale, to persons keeping a tan-yard or tan-pit, or tanning leather for sale, to factors or persons not being distillers, or liccnl'cd as retailers felling home-made spirits, to persons keeping coflce-houses, to persons felling by auction, to persons making glass bottles, and other vessels and utensils made of common bottle metal, to persons dressing hides and skins in oil, and to persons making vsit.im

7 he thirtj-Jlvent/j Year of George III. 377

and parchment, be it enacted, That the several collectors in this A.D. kingdom, respectively, shall upon receipt of the duty payable up- *797* on any such license, grant such license under their respective hands,

for each of which licenses there shall he taken by such collectors, for their own use, a fee after the rate of one shilling in the pound of the duty payable on such license, and no more, over and above the duty payable thereon.

CCXIV. And be it enacted, That every such person as aforesaid, shall take out such respective licenses, before he or flic, or they shall respectively manufacture, fell, or keep for sale, as aforesaid, or expose to sale, any of the said respective articles and things, and if any person shall make, fell, or keep for sale, any ol

cullcftors 10 grant such li-cenfes on rc-c.'ijH of <11!tVi and ts. in the fjund.

2nV penalty on such per. Ii>ns for felling or e» pniing to fj\c without li" conl'c.

the said respective articles or things, without having taken out such license, respectively, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds-

CCXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in PirtI!ers partnership, and carrying on trade or business in one house or (hop ta"1*

° r i notoblipd

only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license, and M take out

that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this act,

shall authorize any person or ersons to whom the same shall be I.in-nfcs in

granted, to make, manufacture, or fell, or keep for sale, any of the articles or things herein before mentioned, in any other house "therein

° 1_tisirtd.

or place than the house or place wherein lie, she, or they respectively did make or manufacture, or fell or keep the said respective articles or things, at the time of granting such license, to be mentioned in such license.

CCXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the collectors of his Majesty's Excise, in their respective districts, to grant licenses for felling and tapping out of cyder by retail, upon receipt of the duty payable thereon, and that for every such license, the sum of one shilling and one penny, and no more, shall be paid or demanded as a fee for the fame, over and above the duty payable thereon j and if any person shall fell or tap out cyder by retail without such license, every person so offending, shall for every offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

CCXVII. And be it enacted, That every person required to take out a license to manufacture, make, fell, or retail any of the articles, matters, or things aforesaid, shall have or cause to be painted on a board, with letters publickly visible and legible, at least an inch long, in a white upon a black ground, or in black upon white ground, his, her, or their name or surname, respectively, at full length, as also the names of the several articles

Collectors to grjtu li-conlcs for retailing cyder, on receiving is. id. and

duty i

persons who fell cyder iviihout license forfeit

Persons who t:ke out licenses flinll have their names, and the names of the articles they fell painicd and n (fixed as herein penally to!.

37*> The thirty-sevenib Year of George III.

A.D.

which they shall he so licensed to manufacture, fell, or retail, rc-^17!)7> fpcClively, and that he, (lie, or they, arc licensed respectively to

lP‘ 3°- manufacture, fell or retail the fame.; which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outside of the front of his, her, ,or their house, respectively, not more than three feet distant from the top of the shop-dopr, or street-door of such house, and such

Duties pay-fble by persons who nre to take out licenses, Ilia!I be collected as hearth nio-Bty is, by 17 fc i 8 C-.z

person or persons, respectively, shall preserve and beep up the fame during the time he, she, or they shall respectively continue to make or fell such articles, or any of them as aforesaid, or in default thereof, shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

GCXVIII. And be it enacted, That the several rates and duties payable by the several persons who are required to take out license as aforesaid, shall be collected b.y the several collectors, and other officers of excise employed for that purpose, and such officers may at any time, with the assistanee of a constable.in the day-dime, levy :such sum or sums as ought to be paid by the several persons subject to such-licenses, respectively, by distress and fide of the parties goods, in such manner, and by such ways as the revenue arising by hearth-money, is appointed to be levied and collected in and by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional act for the belter ordering and collecting the revenue arising by heartls-

money.

53'. penalty , CCXIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge or llcenfcfnne counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, any license for kin'^ihc 'be any ^,e purposes aforesaid, or produce as a true license, any other to pro- any such forged or counterfeited license, knowing the same to be

dccutot*

forged or counterfeited, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other to him who shall prosecute or fuc for the fame, to he recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of -record at Dublin, in which no eflbign, protection, or wager t"jchpersons °t law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and that ScJror° person shall be subject to such other pains and penalties as forgery. may be inflicted on persons for forgery.

Persons CC.XX. And for the better collecting of the duties on coaches, carriages'1'C chariots, bcrlins, calafltes, and chaifcs, be it enacted, That every viKiy1’' Pcl^on vv'10- have or keep aliy c0Jch, chariot, berlin, calalh, shall certify or cliaife with four wheels, or chaifc with two wheels, chargeable wti'irinTp with duty to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall within

days,tacit- fourteen days after he or flic shall have cr keep any such coach,

l.etorsolcs- ‘ 1

chariot,

The thirty-Jivenih Year of George III. 379

chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaifc with A.D. two wheels, by writing under his or her hand, certify to the col- 17^7' kftor of exile, in the district wherein he or flic shall refulc, a true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise cifcanJto with four wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which he or Ihc of liuncih-fluill have or keep, with the name of the place and parish of his 1,101,17! cr her residence or abode at the time of giving such certificate, and shall likewise within the time aforesaid, certify to the exami-nator of hearth-money in Dublin, the like particulars, wlpch he or (lie is hereby required to certify to such collector, and likewise mention in such certificate to the examinator of hearth-money, the name and did rift of the collector to whom lie or (he hath so certified-, and the fevers! collectors of such districts, for the time be- cnMcr; to

t kepp fiRil cr*

ing, shall respectively keep the certificate which shall be so given, ;l-, LII and shall a'lfo enter or register in an alphabetical book, to be by uhCill"1 them respectively kept for that purpose, and a copy of such entry signed by such collector or Iris clerk, shall be delivered, if required, copies of 01 without fee or Teward, to the person delivering such certificate, gw*, and a number shall be entered on every certificate so registered, 01,1 ,lT; and the examinator of hearth-money shall on demand, without fee or reward, give an acknowledgment under Iris hand, to every ackaonlrdg-person who shall certify any carriage or carriages to him, that such carriages or carriages hath or have been certified, which certificate l,t;,riil

n II 1 1 r r , rcv 1,3

shall be evidence of such carnage or carriages having been certifi- evidence; ed, and the examinator shall once in every three months, transmit cx.imm.uor to each collector, a list of all persons redding in such collector’s !c,\w]"icr!y dillrift, who shall have certified their carriages to him, within the said three months, which lift shall be preserved by such collcc- (:cvc; tors; and every person who shall have paid the duties on such ii!isofdi-carriages, may resort to such lift, and the same shall be evidence <Hn.cc ol Ccr'

0 3 ufywg;

on any information on this act, that such person hath duly certified his or her carriage to the said examinator; and such collectors cnileflms to respectively shall, under their hands, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, bcrlins, ca- ,0,

J ’ ° 1 ,9* COlJedlors Of

ladies and chaises, with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, h-.'ink duty, from time to time returned to them respectively in such certifi- ;«t°iu'iV, s<!-' cates, with the names of the persons and places of theiv abode respectively, mentioned in such certificates to the collectors of his Majesty's revenue on fircrhearths, who shall have full power and authority to levy, celled and receive the same, in the same manner as the revenue arising from fire-hearths is now by law levied, coUc&M and received., and shall respectively sign and deliver ac-5 C 2 quittances

380 Tfhe thirly-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

quittances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep du-1797- plicatcs thereof in a book to bp kept for that purpose, in the fame Chap. 30. manner as acquittances arc given and kept for the duty on lire-hearths, and shall respectively return the book containing the duplicates of such acquittances to i’uch person and perfoits, at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the duty on fire-hearths are returned, and that the aforesaid duties shall be paid in the respective districts, wherein Inch c u r-ages Hull he lo tittered or rc-giftered respectively, and in no other.

Co-til n\a- CCXXI. And be it enacted, Tltat every coach-maker or other lo^oUcamT* Pe,^on mak'ug carriages for i'alc in this kingdom, shall within within 10 ten days after lie or Ihe fllall fell and deliver any coach, chariot, ramjgcTand berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two jure fow'-lC>' "'^ce^s) certify to the collector of excile in the district where such coach-maker shall relide, the kind of carriage he or llic hath io fold, and whether with four or two wheels, and the name of the person to whom he or she has fold the fame, together with the place of residence of such person, and that if any person or persons shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise, with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, chargeable with the said duties or any of them, which shall not be certified by him or them, in any manner as aforesaid, that then and in such case, every such person and persons, so having or keeping such coach,

to I. penal;/ 011 periods who do not certify their carriages,

and on coach. ciiar;0t berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with

makers uho 7

do not give two wheels, not certified as aforesaid, or if any coach-maker, or person making carriages for sale, shall omit to give such certificate as aforesaid, every such person or persons, coach-maker or other person making carriages for sale, shall for every such neglect, forfeit respectively, the sum of twenty pounds, which penalties respectively, may be recovered by information, in the excise-oilice -of the district of Dublin, or of the district in which such person shall dwell, at the option of th'e informer or person prosecuting such information.

CCXXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall subject any person to any penalty, for not certifying his or her carriage or carriages, in pursuance of this act, who hath already certified such carriage or carnages, in pursuance of any former act, requiring such carriages to be registered, in manner herein prescribecl.

Potions CCXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That every person having in ti'agcfofr" His, her, or their keeping or possession, any coach, chariot, berlin,

others in their CilLi111.

Not to offest persons who have already registered their carriages.

The thirty-seventh Year George III. 38*

-.aiafii, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, A.D. belonging to another, anti chargeable with duty, shall he charged 1797* for every such coach, chariot, berlin, calath or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, with the duty payable for the pulftflion. fame, in the same manner as the owner or proprietor thereof, is J^rgAble nr ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame. "i! 1 ""V-

CCXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person subject to any Persons duty to his Majesty, in respect of any coach, chariot, berlin, ca-lalh, or chaise, in his or her possession, shall not within one Jmy u-ithin month after notice in writing, in the name of the officer empower- Jv! no-" cd to collect such duties being given to such person, or left at p°o.-ided the usual place of abode of such person, with his wife, or with his itwasde-or her child or servant, above the age of sixteen years, requiring alp" before, him or her to pay such duty, pay the same to such officer, every such person for every such neglect, shall forfeit twenty pounds, provided that at lead seven days before the time such notice shall have been so given or left, such officer shall have demanded such duties from the person subject to pay the same, or from his wife, or his or her child or servant, above the age of sixteen years, at the place of abode of the person subject to pay the same.

CCXXV. Provided always, That no person who shall keep and No person certify to the collector of excise, and examinator of hearth-money, carriage °‘ in manner aforesaid, any coach, chariot, berlin, calaffi, or chaise with four wheels, shall be charged with the duty payable to his chaise with a. Majesty, upon chaises with two wheels, nor shall any such person be obliged to make any entry of any chaise with two wheels.

CCXXVI. And be it enacted, That no carriage, whether with what shall four wheels, or with two wheels, shall be deemed a cabriolet or cabriolet, or garden chair, or be exempted from any duty as such, in case the gardl'"'chair' fame shall be used by any person not paying duty for one or more carriage or carriages with four wheels, or in case the same shall be used upon any public or high road, at the dillance of more than three miles from the house or demesne of the person to whom the fame belongs, unless for the purpose of fending such carriage home to the proprietor thereof, when it shall have been first purchased, or for the purpose of fending the same to be repaired, or returning from being repaired, and that no carriage be deemed a cabriolet, or garden-chair, within the meaning of this act, if any of the wheels thereof shall be of a diameter exceeding four feet.

CCXXVII. And be it enacted, That no carriage shall be deemed None deem, a hackney carriage, or carriage kept for hire, or be exempted as such, from any duty payable to his Majesty, unless such carriage kls licenced shall be licensed, in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-seventh 27 G.j. or a Vox. XVIII. jD year,iccnft,aie"

:5j8'2 '’TXe thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, //« act for the better regida-1797. of hackney carriages, hackney sedans, and porters plying for hire Chap 0 O. ,w the city of Dublin, or within seven mile: thereof and for transfer-—i ring the receipt and management of certain duties from the gover-Mor°'!inJ01" nors of &e fiundlingdjospital and wori-hoiifc in the said city, to "r"lodcthe commissioncis of police, or unless the person keeping the fame, painted on shall lake out a license for that purpose, from the collector of the ftc!' l'°0r’ distri£l in which he or flic shall reside, for which lie or flic (lull

pay the sum of one shilling, and no more,-nor unless the name and surname of the person keeping the fame, and his or her place of abode, be painted on the outside of the pannel of each door cf '.such carriage, in words at length, in white or black-letters, not Id.; :than one inch long, and if any person shall keep any such coach

or chaifc, without having taken cut such license as aforesaid, c: without having his or her name, or surname, anti place of abode, painted 011 the outline of the panne! of each door of fttch car-

ring’c in manner aforesaid, he, or die, shall be subject to the duties payable 011 coaches and chaifcs not. kept for hire, nnt-.withstanding such coaches or.chaifcs may.have been ufcJ for

hire.

G.vnci-! of CCXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every- owner of any coach,

loV-iiify S°! chariot, berlin, calafli, or cnaife, usually let to hire as a joh-car-

pUcc-'of1 riage, duill certify 'under his or her hand, to the examinator of

oho Jr, nf per- licarth-moiicy in Dulflin, the kind of carriage' hired, or which shall

htrrd,-(if frr have been let for hire,-as a job-carriage, by him or her, for any

reonili'^'ond3 lpace of 'line not less than three months, and the name and lur-

for what time,name, and rclidence of the person to whom the fame hath been, or

after hiring, shall have been hired, and the term or time for which the lame

SSrr'.Oudl befolct for hire; and every owner of any-coach, chariot, ber-

mnneyin Jin calafli, or chaifc, who shall let for hire any such carriage, as , J)i|lilin, pc- . J 0

natty col. . n.jon-carriage, shall is often as he or she shall let the fame for hire,

-.within three days after he or file shall let such carriage, certify under his or her hand, to the examinator of hearth-money in: Dublin, the kind of carriage so let for hire, as a job-carriage, by . him or her, and the name and surname, and residence of the person to whom the fame hath been let for hire, and the term or time for which the same shall be so let for hire-; and for every default in certifying in manner aforesaid, every owner of, or person letting for hire any such carriage, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

?e:for..i CCXXIX. And be it enacted, That every person hereby tv-UThhc.'shall q»'rcd to take out a licensc as aforesaid, shall have, or cauie to be

have boards painted on a board, with letters visible and legible, at lead an inch aUixcil over 0 ‘

long,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 3^3

long, ia white upon a black ground, or in black upon a white, A.D. his, her, or their name and surname respectively, at full length, 1797Licensed to keep coaches and ebaifes for hirewhich boat'd shall Chap.30. be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outside of the front of ,i,cir j,ors, his, her, or their hoofe respectively, not more than three feet dif- *'

tant from the top of the (hop door, or street door of inch house, and such person or persons, respectively, shall preserve and keep up the fame, during the time he or she shall respectively continue to keep such carriage or carriages, or in default thereof, shall forfeit rdpc-dively the sum of ten pounds.

CCXXX. And whereas by the said abl made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, en- a"'1

° , j . t it i council, were

tilled, An additional act for the belter ordering and collecting the re- empowered u»

venue arising by hearth-money, it was enabled, that it might be lawful for the lord lieutenant, lord depiity, or other chief governor or hearth- mo-

ncyj and a!lb

governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and council, to

constitute and appoint such person and persons as they should think txl-cmc mat-

meet to be the officer or officers for the receiving the duty arising ur; required

° ° by f.iu act ft

by heartlis, firing-places, and Roves, by virtue of the said ail, tw performed and of one other act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of or the said King’s reign, entitled, An act for cjtablishing cn additional P--cc: revenue upon his Majesty, his heirs and ficccjfors, for the better ftpport of his and their crown and dignity, and it was further enabled in and by the first mentioned abt, that it should and might he lawful for the said lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom, for the time being, from-time to time, to appoint such persons as they should think fit, to do, execute and perform all and every the matters and things which by the said recited act were to be done, executed, or performed by any justice of the peace, or clerks of the peace of this kingdom: And whereas for many years pad, the persons employed in receiving or collcbling the duty arising by hearths, firing-places, and (loves, have been appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, in pursuance of the powers and authorities given and granted unto them in and by the several letters patent, or commissions under the great seal of this kingdom, which have from time to time been passed, eonftituting and appointing the several persons in the respective letters patent mentioned, to he commissioners of his Majslly’s revenue, be it enacted, That all ippoiminei.ts commissions and appointments which have heretofore been exe- ro(1', Cy 0fr, cuted under the hands and seals of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any tnrec or more of them, or which shall be revenue, shall executed by them, or any three or more of them, during the con-5 D 2 linuance

His Majesty may jflue a commission to empower com. of rev. to appoint hearth-money officers, who shall have all powers, &c.

If his Majesty docs not empower com. of rev. to appoint such officers, they shall be appointed as if this act had not been nude.

When col-Icftots do not make returns within 31 days after demand, of duties paid and payable in their walks, for the year ending a i Jan. produce shall be deemed equal to hft year settled, and collectors and Sureties shall pay fame.

The thirty-fevetith Year of George III.

tinuance of their commissions, confUtuting and appointing the several and respective persons named or mentioned in such commissions or appointments, the officer or officers, collector or collectors of the duty arising from hearths, firing-places, and stoves, shall be, and are hereby declared to be firm, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CCXXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by one or more commission or commissions, under the great leal of this kingdom, to authorise and empower the commissioners of customs and excise, or any three or more of them, to appoint such person and persons as they shall think fitting, to be officer or officers, collector or collectors, for receiving and collecting the duty arising by, or from hearths, firing-places, and stoves, which said officers and collectors so to be appointed, shall have all such powers and authorities as if they had been severally appointed according to the directions of the said recited act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of king Charles the second.

CCXXXII. Provided always, That in case his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall not think fit to authorise and impower the commissioners of customs and excise, or any three or more of them, to conftttute and appoint such officers and collectors as aforesaid, that then, and in such case, all and every such officers and collectors, as aforesaid, shall be appointed by such person and persons, and in such manner as if this act had never been made.

CCXXXIII. And whereas collectors of his Majesty's duty of hearth-money, often defraud his Majesty of the duties received by them, and sometimes have not returned the books of their respective collections, whereby the balances due by them, cannot be sufficiently ascertained, and have in several instances wholly neglected to account; be it enacted, That in every case, where any collector, or dismissed collector of hearth-money, shall not within thirty-one days after demand in writing, signed by three commissioners of the revenue, served on him, at his usual place of abode, make a return, or furnish to the chief collector of the district, an account of the duties of hearth-money paid, and payable in the walk of such collector for the year ending the twenty-fifth day of March next preceding, or of such parishes in such walk, as he shall have been directed to collect; then the produce of such walk or parishes, as the case may be, shall for such year be deemed equal to the produce of such walk, or parillies, for the year next preceding, for which an account for such walk or parishes was settled by general i abstracts,

The th'iij-seventh Year of George III. 3S5

al.'flrjfLs, nnd such eolledlor shall be charged with such film as by A 1). such settled account or abstract, it shall appear such walk or pa- 1797-rilhes produced in such preceding year, and be and his sureties Hull be liable to, and shall pay the same.

CCXXXIV. And be it enacted, That in every case where any ws.:, c.>i-

cdleclor, or dilrniilod eolledlor of the said duty, shall not charge I7-"^,vt-V

himself with the receipt of a i'am in any year, as the produce of any one or more paiidi or parishes within his collection, equal to tkf.n

the film which appeared to lie the produce of such parish or pa- iKttN j'l-

riilies hv the general abflrr.dt for the tail preceding vear, for which coui.is. ar.J j ' - . t ' , m!lances ol

an account was-settled, and that three or :1101c pittances of fraud irJmi ih.iM or luppreflion of duty received, flnll appear in tile account of any such eolledlor or difmifud eolledlor of hearth-money, the produce iJ »nJ of every such parish, for such year as aforesaid, fiialt lie deemed to fur.ua lie equal to the produce thereof in the next preceding year, for 1^"'ld* which an account was settled by abstract as aforesaid, and the collector, or iSifmifTed eolledlor of hearth-money in whole account Inch infiances of f raud or suppression shall appear, shall be charged with such sum as by such settled account or abstract it shall appear that every such parish or parishes produced in such preceding vear, and he or his sureties shall be liable to, and shall pay the same.

CCXXXV. And for the better collecting of the duties on li- Hawker, cenfes to hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmen and other trading per- aj,1^10*C ions, be it enacted, That every such person, before he or flic shall l^11 hawk, trade, or travel with any goods, wares or merchandizes, in collectors of respefit whereof lie or (he shall be subject to the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmen or other trading persons who are or shall be deemed hawkers or pedlars, shall deliver to the wd t® hawk, eolledlor of excise of the district where he or flic shall reside or dwell, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person by him or her authorised in that behalf, how or in what manner he or she intends to hawk, travel and trade, whether on foot or with, one horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, or other beast or heads of burthen, and thereupon, and upon the receipt of the duty or duties upon such license or licenses, a liconfc or licenses shall be granted by Inch collector under his-upon rccripu hand unto film or her, for his or her so hawking, travelling and confo^fluil trading, and every such eolledlor is hereby required to insert in such license as shall he granted by him, or endorse thereon, the ages, places of abode, and particular deferipiion of the person, to whom the same shall be granted, aval to number each license, and keep particular entries of such descriptions and licenses, for each Vol. XVIII. 5 E of

3 86 The tllrtj-seventh Year of George III.

A. 0. of which licenses there Audi be taken by fitch collectors, for their 1797> own life, the fain of one shilling and no mote, nnlcfs fitch lutvkcr, Chaj). 3^’,pedlar or petty-chapman shall travel with horse or other bead of ilom li- burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to Inch collectors, for waii a'I'o.-li, their own life, for each of such licenses for a boric or other bead of burthen the sum of two shillings.

(imluir- CCXXXVI. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, and mt Illici'i'lir nterduimlizes which shall be carried, fold, or exposed to file by ImdImo Jiiiy, any hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading person, cd V 0. (or- in respect whereof, or of any of them, he or (lie shall be {'object ikciiiv be to any duty payable to his Majesty, and for felling of which goods,

not produced warcs a;,(j merchandizes, he, flie or they shall not have his, her on demand 77 ' 7

of a justice or their license for lb trading, ready to produce, or shall not upon

officer'"11" demand of any justice of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's

not'raduc-d revenue, produce Inch license, shall be forfeited, and shall and may

on demand he seized by any such officer; and that if any such hawker, jied-

justice, or lar, or petty chapman, or other person be found trading, as afore-

oflfeer *1CC hiid, or or expoiing to sale, or carrying, to fell, any goods, hanker ilmll wares or merchandizes without or not warranted by such licei.ie informe°or° or licenses, such person shall for every such offence forfeit the be committed. plm 0p flve p0lmc|s. and if any such person so trading, upon demand made by any revenue officer, or by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or Hie shall be, shall not produce or shew immediately unto such person or persons so demanding the fame, his or her license or licenses for so trading, that then every such person, upon conviction thereof upon oath, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place in which Inch oflence shall he committed, shall forfeit the Aim of forty shillings, to lie levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods,' by warrant tinder the hand and seal of any such justice of the peace, the same to be paid to the informer, and for non-payment thereof such offender shall he committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks nor lets than ten days.

Not tc pro- CCXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this travellbv'1"11 or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit tinkers iiom any person or personr, oilier than and except travelling tinkers, goods'made who are workers, manufacturers, or makers of any goods or wares

bytiicmfc'vcs, (. kingdom, or his or their wife or wives, apprentice or

or any coop* o 7 1 1

cn, glaziers, apprentices from carrying abroad, expoiing to sale, and Idling

hlnirfs'5 or any such goods or wares made or manufactured by him or them, p Kons wiio his or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, journeyman carry wool, Or

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III. 387

or journeymen, and no other, in any publick fail'.’., matkcls or A.D. elsetvherc, or any cooper, glazier, plumber or hurnels-m.tker, from 1707* going about in order to exercise their proper trades, or from carrying with liim or them necessary materials for exercising- the i.imc, ornoolim lb as inch person or persons dull not at the same time carry any other thing for laic, nor to subject any person or persons who shall carry raw, manufactured, or unmanufactured wool, woollen or worded goods from one part of the kingdom to another, or expose the same to file in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned, lb as such person or persons shall not at the lame lime carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares or merchandizes, except the la ft mentioned goods respectively, nor to prohibit or rcdrain any person or persons from felling or exposing to sale, in tiiflii.v. any place or places whatl’oever, any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, ticken, plain, striped, chequered, painted or stained linens, buck-rams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed, of the growth turn. x-e. or manufacture of Ireland, and that such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares or merchandizes, except such flax, tow, hemp, yarn, tickens, linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed as aforesaid.

CCXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person Perl who

’ ' 1 hawk puts or who shall carry any pots or griddles made of cad iron or metal, griddles, and from one- part of the kingdom to another, to expose the same to ,2, |, J. sale in any fair, market or other place in this kingdom, shall he r!ki!ough subject to the payment of any greater duty titan the fmn of forty they travel shillings, in the whole, though such person or persons shall or huras. may travel with one or more horse or horses, or other beast or heads of burthen, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to laic other goods, wares or merchandizes, than such pots or griddles.

CCXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this adit, or Not to give any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to hawkers to extend to give any power for lireiiling any hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, to fell, or expose to sale, any jvarcs or merclian- other titan dizes in any city, borough, town corporate, or market town within hjfore'ttjs1 this realm, otherwise than lie or ihe might have done before the making of this act, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXL. And be it enacted, That if any question shall arise g0Jjs°°fcp,'^ whether any goods, wares or merchandizes seized by virtue of this duce of Ire-aft, are of the growth or manufacture of this kingdom, the proof , "owners.

5 E 2 . that

383 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

liable to li.v* lcci ’9duty, in placet where tlky do net u'li.t ly rcfule, or in places not adjoining their dwelling houses;

and all Ica-ther-ldlers yeho fell at flails, dec.

that they were of such growth or manufacture shall lie on the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the officer who shall seize the same.

CCXLI.' And be it enacted, That all persons who shall convey goods, wares and merchandizes, in respect whereof they shall he chargeable with the duty upon hawkers and pedlars, and fell and expose the fame in (hops, rooms, warehouses, or other places in cities, towns, and places where they are not usually resident, and all persons who carry and convey such goods, wares and merchandizes to public streets, and places in cities, towns corporate, and other places in this kingdom, where they respectively relide, hut not adjoining to their dweHing-houses or other apartments, and fell and expose the same to sale upon flails, (lands, (beds, booths, bulks or other places, without licen»b; and ail persons under the denomination of leather-fellers or leather-cutters, who hawk about from town to town, or sell or expose in cities or towns corporate, and in . fairs, markets or other places, large or small parcels of leather in booths, flails. Handings or other-

jinfl fellers cf wife; and all persons who shall within this kingdom, except in (csccptwitbin l'ie c'ty Dublin or within five miles thereof, hawk about 5 miles of old clothes, or sell or expose to sale old clothes in aay Hall, Jin) deemed Hied, hootli, (hop or other places, shall be deemed hawkers, ped-haivUrs. jarSj petty-chapmen, and trading persons, and be subject to the duty payable by hawkers and pedlars, and shall pay such duty, and take out such license as aforesaid; and every such person as aforesaid, who shall sell or expose to sale, or deal in as aforesaid such goods, wares and merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, within the meaning of this act, to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by the fame, jnflifted upon hawkers, pedlars, pstty-chapmen, and others trading without license, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Aftpame CCXLII. And be it enacte<l,.That every hawker, pedlar, and t!ikenoutfor petty-chapman, for every person who-/hall be employed, whether

each person servant or other person, iu his or her company, or otherwise, to employed in 1 , '

carrying carry any boxes, bundles, or parcels or goods, wares or merchan-

iawter" and dizes, separate or distinct for the purposes of felling or trading

fremiy e"fe l*ie farae’ take out and pay for as aforesaid, a separate

boric, &c. and distinct foot license for every such person; and also that every hawker, pedlar, and petty-chapman for every horse, a Is,

mule, or other head of, burthen that he or she shall make use of,

or drive in his or her company, or otherwise, shall take out % and

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 309

and pay for a separate and difiindt horse lieenfe, and such separate A. I), and dUVm£t person, whether servant or other person employed 1797. or carrying such boxes, bundles, or parcels as aforesaid, and Inch Chap.70.

hawkers, pedlars, and petty-chapmen, who shall not take out a -----—~i

horse lieenfe, for every horse or head; of burthen which he or she shall make use of or diive as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this act inllifted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty-elnpinen, and others trading without lieenfe, it being the true intent and meaning of thin iyt.

' a'uA.vd f.-r a

act, that for one foot hcenle no more goods, wares, or mer- i chatnlizes shall, by virtue of this act, he hawked about lor file as aforesaid, than one hundred weight, and for one horse li- criii:. cense, no more' goods, wares or merchandizes shall, by virtue of this act, be carried alx-.it as aforesaid, than eight hundred weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXLIII. And be it enacted, That if any such lieenfe as afore- l.k-cntes laid, shall be lent to any person, or used by any pevfon, other than the person to whom the fame shall be granted, such lieenfe r<,rfc"" from thenceforth shall be void and of no effect, and all goods, wares, and merchandizes found in the possession of the person uiing the lame, shall he forfeited.

CCXLIV. And for the better securing the several duties im- ;l. perntty poled upon playing cards, be it enacted, That no playing cards phyh'gibu shall be fold or exposed to falc, or played with, which shall not have been sealed, marked, and statnped as herein after directed, upon pain that every person who shall, from the time aforesaid, sell or expose to sale, or knowingly play with any such cards, which Hull! not have been so sealed, marked or statnped, shall forfeit for every such pack of cards so fold or exposed to sale, or played with, the sum of five pounds ltcr-ling.

CCXLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissi-chief commissioners of his Majesty revenue for the time being, ^markV1* or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized (?r |'anlP>l,lI

J ... J ine wrapper

and empowered tn devise, and by nonce in writing under their of each pack hands, to be published in the Dublin Gazette for three successive days of publication, to appoint marks, stamps or seals, such as they j," shall think fit, to he put or impressed on the label or paper to be three times fattened to the wrapper in which each pack of cards shall be en- m

doled or wrapped, and that the said label or paper be so contrived, as that when the same shall be so fattened on the said wrapper, the

3Q0 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

several Ramps, marks or Teals, shall appear on the Tides oT cadi 1707- pack of cards, in Tech manner as the said commissioners shall di-Chap 30. rc^. allci that the Tevcral stamp-masters respectively, shall number i ~J each label in arithmetical progression, undercach mark, stamp cr leal, to he put thereon in manner aforesaid, To that tire ntmiheis appearin z, on the lidcs of every pack of cards when endoled ii: the f iid label, shall he like or corresponding numbers.

TV; CCXLVI. Provided always, That all cards belonging to each

n'!ii\iti'r?r" manufacturer, shall be numbered in progression with the foil.ni h; Hull be num- or successive numbers, the cards of each manufacturer liegiimin.;

bcnal m n i 11 r

aritlinictic.il with number one, and that every Ramp-malter shall alter evei y twenty-fifth day of March, tv.emy-fouiih day of June, twciliy-ninth day of September, and twenty-iilth day of December, begin to number the cards to he Ita.nped by him, for each liuuu-fadturer, with number one.

Pci fans who CCXLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or couiitcifcitor persons shall, at any time or times make, counterfcit.or forge, cr

alter titty 1

/bmp. &c. cause or procure to he m ule, counterfeited or torged, any maiiC, with coanttr- Ramp or Teal, to refcmblc any mark, Ramp or Teal, which in pur-'{c tno lin^’ ^nuee ^'is ad Riall be made and uTed Tor Ramping any label or paper cncloling any cards, or shall counterfeit or referable the impression of the lame, upon any paper for cnclosing cards, or shall erase or alter any number to be put oil such paper or label as aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or succesiul's, of the duties upon cards, or shall utter, vend or sell any cards, with the impression of Rich counterfeit mark, Ramp, or seal, on the paper or label enclosing Rich cards, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or thall litter, vend or sell any cards, on the-paper or l ibel eneloling which, any number shall be erased or altered, knowing the same to he erased or altered, or shall fraudulently use any mark, llamp or seal, to he used in pursuance of this act,- thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or iiiccelfors, of any of the duties upon cards, then -every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and be transported for seven years.

CCXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the nuV.'pi.iyVg, chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of nuflv' them, to grant lirenl'cs to Rich person or persons as the)’ shall think c.inl:, iv'-.h. proper, for the making of playing, blank, and mefiage cards, for Ioik - iooi. any term not exceeding three years, from the time of granting andmliitriiis h'ch Ticenfes j and *f any person or persons shall exercise or carry on the trade or employment of making any playing, blank, or message cards, without such lieenfc or licenses first had anti ob-

Iv, shall Ik

ti.-infjioru’d fji* 7 y:nra.

T9

Chap.

The shirty-sevenih Year of George III. 391

tainsd, the person or persons so offending dull, for every such A. I), offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with ill such cards, and all such materials and implements tiled in the making of cards, as shall be found in his, her, or their possession, all which cards, materials and implements, Hull and may be seized, carried away, and lodged in the next exci'e office, by Inch officer or officers as shall discover the same.

CCXLIJf. And be it enacted, That it llnll lie lawful li r ihc chief ’n.!', commissioners of his Mijes, revenue, or any three of them, in . -1’’' vy!-tluport ordillrid of Duiiiin, and for the collcdors of the pons of Cork >nJ Li-Cork or Limerick respectively, from time to time, to take recogni- ,'X'nco"-n|V-zances from the person or jiersons applyi ug for Inch license or li- jVII' cenfcs, with one or nnre fuilieient liarety or Sureties, in the fnm roj’.cn.li-of two hundred pounds, the condition of which recognizance shall f,i omr be, that tile parties (0 lieenfed, their executors, or ad niniilrators, llnll answer and pay to his Majesty, all ftteh duties as such person or persons shall he liable to, on account of making any playing, blank, or m ullage ctrds, during the time persons iltall carry on the Imfincfs of a card-mu license.

F..y duty.

such person or kef. under such

CCL. Provided always, and be it cnadcJ, That it shall he lawful T’'"'

for the said chief commissioners, or any three of them, upon default Iiil, m

mule in the pay near of any such duty or duties, as such person or persons so lieenfed as aforesaid, (h ill or may be liable to, or upon r.rnain ;hi!l

1)l* tol.com*

conviction before the conv.nillicners or fub-commissioners of excise r.mTm:;n

for any fraud or offence, the penalty or forfeiture for which shall

amount to tentpounds, "from time to time, during the term for iictote.

which such license or licenlcs ill til have been granted, by notice or instrument in writing, subscribed by them, or any three of them, to revoke, withdraw, and utterly m tkc void any such license or licenscs, by them granted to such person or persons, so making default, or convicted as aforesaid; and if such person or persons after such revocation, shall continue to exercise the trade, or carry on the bufmeL card-making, he, she or they, shall be fulijed to fitch penalties and forfeitures, as if such license had never been granted.

CGLI. And be it enacted, That every card-maker who shall Cant anker

make any cards, his foreman, head servant, or person em- u> officer,

ployed to attend the Laid business from time to time, and as lo!l i / 1 oil natter,

often as such card-maker or other person employed as afore- =nfl jl- °n faitl, shall be required by the officer or officers appointed to fusing j view and take an account of the fame, shall shew to such tdiitcr or officers all the (lock then on hand of cards, and all mate-5 F 2 rials

39* The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

rials for making the same, belonging to such card-maker or card-*797- makers, under the penalty often pounds in case of refusal, to be forfeited by such card-maker and card-makers, and of five pounds foreman im. to be forfeited by the foreman, head ftrvant or other person em-mjatiTin1 ployed so refusing as aforesaid, and that in default of the payment d-fiultof of the said sum of five pounds, such foreman, head servant, or other person so employed, shall (lifter one month s imprisonment; and that in case such officer or officers (hnil afterwards find any cinis or mi- clr(]s or materials for making cards, of the fleck then on hand,

tenuis tuu.td . "

over lack over and above the quantity so shewn as aforesaid, such cards and Ik forfeited, materials shall be forfeited; and it shall and may he lawful for

and 2ol.for fuel, officer or officers to seize and carry away the fame, and fecit ever/12 do-

aen ihcets card-maker or card-makers shall respectively forfeit a sum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve dozen packs of cards, and a sum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve dozen (beets - of paper materials for card-making, which shall be found over and above the quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid.

CommiRi- CCLII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said point officers commissioners, or any three of them, to appoint such officer or of-cGunn'wkli fleers of excise, as they shall think proper, to keep an account of curd nukers, a|] cards, and materials for making cards, which shall from time to time be found by him or them in the possession of any card-maker or card-makers, and upon any deercafe or deficiency of such flock of cards and materials not properly accounted for, to charge such card-maker or card-makers with all duties payable for such cards not accounted for, and also with the amount of the ' duties on so many cards, as might lie made from, or with such pUd'liy cola.' materials, not accounted for as aforesaid; the said duties to be makers,on pa-Ki |,y such card-maker or card-makers, upon oath made by such fleers. oflicr or officers as aforesaid, before the collectors of the poits of Dublin, Cork,' and Limerick, respectively, ascertaining the quantity so deficient and brought to charge (which oath the said collectors are hereby respectively empowered to administer.)

Sump m.if- CCLIII. And be it enacted, That if any such collector or stamp-H-j'iUfhe master of cards, after proof made of such deficiency, shall allow allows sny any entry to be made by, or shall stamp any cards of, or bclor.g-ihmpsany ing to such card-maker or card-makers, before lie, (he, or they dcBdcncUj6 shall have answered or paid all charges made on account of such de-are paid. crease or deficiency, that then and in every such case such collector or stamp-master shall respectively forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and applied in such manner, as herein after is mentioned.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 393

CCLIV. And be it enacted, That as often as any card-maker or A.D. card-makers shall make up cards intended for exportation, he, (he, 1707* or they shall, within one hour after the same are made up, give notice thereof to the (lamp-inaller of the place where fitch cards Ct.J.s far (ltall he made up, and shall in the presence of the salt! fl.tinp-mailer, deposite such cards in feme of his Maj ally’s (lore-hottles T? K^jd' at the place where such cards shall be nude up; the said cards c.-.ii there to remain, until a certificate from the collector of the po. t j.i nc, Tn:.’.. shall be produced to the said (tamp-multcr, which certificate lh.,1! L' '"l-ti'us-express or import, that all legal requilitcs relative to such card?, have been performed,

CGLV. And be it enacted, That if fttclt card-maker or card- ;»' >'

makers shall at any time, remove such cards lb dopofiteJ as afore- m r r said, or shall suffer the same to be removed, without permission of the llore-keeper or surveyor of his ?il ijesty’s Itores lirlt liad

J . perm.flbn.

and obtained, he, she, or they, shall forfeit a sum of fifty pounds.

CCLVI. And be it enacted, That if any pack or packs of Uitbvnp-’d playing cards fitail be found in the hctufe, fltop, room, or place of any card-maker, shop-keeper, or retailer of cards, without being ^Vi'b marked, sealed, or stamped, as by law is required, the same shall fcued, aiU be adjudged, forfeited, and ntay be fei/.ed and carried away by " any officer of his Majesty's revenue, ami the card-maker, shop-keeper, or retailer of cards, in-whole poTeditn such pack or packs of cards shall be so.n.1, (hill forfeit the lu n of twenty

pounds.

CCLVII. And belt enabled, That every undamped parcel of Kvrry parcel painted, spotted, or playing cards, inclosed in paper covers, which cr.rViw-mko(u shall be exposed to file by, or found in the lltop ol any fltop- ‘j'1."’ keeper or retailer of cards, shall, to all intents and purposes, be whuiv pack, conllrued and taken to be a whole pack of playing cards, within the true intent and m.caning of this act, and such Ihnp-keeper and retailer of cards shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

CCLVIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where a forfei- aI!

iv.'jcrc ;orfL*t-

ture of painted, spotted, or pi iving cards, or of utensils or mate- n:re of cards rials for making cards, shall be incurred by virtue of any act now l/^carrcd,* of force, or which shall be hereafter enacted, it shall be lawful for '"y, m;,r1,3 the officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, who shall deled u-dised >n the fraud cr offence for which such cards, utensils, or materials shall become forfeited, to l'eize and attach, and carry away all such cards, utensils, and materials for making cards, and the same to lodge in the excise-oflice ncarclt to the place of feiznre, there to be detained and kept until disposed of by due course of law.

:i04

Tie thirty-five mb Year of George III.

A.D.

CCLIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall fell or cx-i-ijj. pole to sale, any playing cards which have before been fold, open-Chap. .30. C(] or played with, every person so offending shall for every 1'iicli offence forfeit the fmn of ten pounds.

CCLX. Aral be it enacted, That all cards exceeding in quantity two packs, which shall hereafter he found in any house, out-office, ware-house, or clfevdicrc, in the pofllflion of any ihop-keeper or retailer of cards, shall he deemed and considered as cards exposed to sale, v.ithin the true intent and meaning of this act, whereby card-makers, shop-keepers, and retailers of cards arc subject to forfeitures and penalties, for felling or expnfing to saie painted, spotted, and playing cards, not stamped, marked, or made up in manner and form as required.

CCLXf. And be it enacted, That all painted, spotted, or pining cards which dial) be found in the pofllffion of any hawker, pedlar, petty-chapman, or other trading person travelling from place to place shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, to seize and lodge inch cards in the next excise-ollke.

CCLXII. And be it enacted, That as often as the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of them shall think fit to alter, change or renew the marks or (lamps for cards and the paper cncloiing the fame, or any of them, it shall and may he for z ninuiis- 1 awful for all persons who shall at such respective times have in t'l'tLT-tK their custody or possession, any cards.and papers enclosing packs and iii> laager, of cards, marked with the (lamp or stamps so intended to be altered, changed or renewed at any time within the (pace of two months after such intention of renewing, changing or altering . such damps or marks, shall have been so published in the Dublin Gazette, for three fucacflive days of publication, to fell or expol’c to sale such cards marked with the (lamp or (lamps so intended to be altered, changed, and renewed, and no longer.

If

tv for

v.i:1: I' !'< if.

V/ i.i ic raorc than 2 pack? arc* J’otind r.i;l: a Jh.>p keeper or dealtr in cards, they (It ilt be deem cd as exposed . to fate.

Cards in pt»fT flion of pedlars shall b|T seized.

- Cards endow’d in cove's marked with Ihnips inu-nd-d to ba altered, may be fdd

any

CCLXIII. I'rovided always, and be it enacted, That it cards marked with the old stamps shall remain upon hands and hmulb- >o unf°Mi *r shall he lawful for any card-maker or shop-keeper, or c.ffi;.rrs with retailer of cards, at any time within the said two months, to bring a-irrlwUcc.-.f01' fend such cards and papers, enclosing packs of cards, with the ' °hl stamp to the relpe£live mailers, or to such officer or officers with n as shall be appointed in that behalf, by the said commissioners, or

a up, any tjirc, 0p t]ienl) at t|lc;r icfpeclive offices in the cities of Dub-

- lin, Cork, and Limerick, and the said (lamp-mailers and officers . respectively, are hereby required to mark with the new (lamps

such

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

such cards l'o brought in, and lo many papers enclosing packs of cards as flu! be equal in number to the papers so brought in, such new flair.ps to be imprelTcfl and given in iicu of the old, free and exempt from the payment of any duty criee whatsoever for the lame.

CCLXIV. Provided a!b. That ii alter the said two months, any cards with such old flumps shall be found in the p.iiTeiiion of any card-maker, lliop-keeper, or retailer of cards, the fame dull be forfeited, and it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, to seize and carry away the fame, and the person or persons in whole pofiession the lame shall be found, shall be liable and subject to all inch penalties am! forfeitures as he, flic, or they shall be liable to, if the said cards or papers containing packs of cards never had been damped.

CCLXV. And be it enacted, Thai no cards shall be deemed walk cards, unless a corner of all Inch cards shall be cut oft', and iiiilcfs the fame be fold in parcels without being in,doled in any paper cover whatsoever j and if any card-maker, lliop-keeper, or retailer of cards, ftnll fell or cxpole to iuie as waste cards, any cards inclosed in paper covers, or not cut in manner aforesaid, hr, flic, or they so offending, shall be liable to all the penalties, and incur all the forfeitures inilifted for felling or exposing to fide painted, spotted or playing cards without damps.

CCLXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, and they are hcrceby authorized from time to time to appoint a fit and proper person in the port of Limerick, who shall have the ettstody of the mark, damp or seal, marks, damps, or foals, which have been or shall be appointed to be put cm cards or papers enclosing cards respectively, and shall from time to time put such mark or (lamp, as by law required upon all dice, or such mark or seal as by law required upon the paper and thread enclosing every pack of cards, and on the painted or spotted fide of one of the cards of each pack which shall he duly entered, and for which the duties imposed by law shall be duly paid to the eolh-iflor of the said port, and the person who -shall be appointed to mark, (lamp and seal cards and dice respectively pursuant to this afi, shall have and receive during his continuance in the said cilice, the yearly sum of ten pounds, which said yearly furn flirll be paid him quarterly by the collector of the said port of Limciick, out of the duties charged oil cards and dice.

CCLXVII. And be it enacted, That every card-maker, shall' at the respective-times and before the respective persons therein 5 G 2 mentioned,

CVrds with < 11 llr.nips l: 'i1 be for.

: o after 2 tii.vt'.j, and j a ft n > io i

None deem-

e. I

c.ird> but ft:ch ii- irs cj: at tits c'ni’r, ar.d

f. i.l \>i;l.out

C JVt.’n.

A Ihrp tnesler sc* he

Li.ncii.J., w;»o Shall !la:np Caids :mJ dice, as he cin. and receive ioh a year from ihj collector.

396 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

mentioned, make oath, or if a quaker solemnly affirm in the words 1707. following, to wit:

Chap, 30.

u—/A.B. do swear, (or if a qtiaker do affirm) that the number of fccr’siuih on paths of cerrds tuns entered by me, it the fill amount of the quar,_ '1U,7- tity of fainted, f(wiled, and flaying cards, manufactrtred by sue, or for my ttfe, from the day of to the time of this

my present entry, except packs made up by me for exportation, which are now lodged in his Majesty s Jlores, or have been exported, (as the case may be.)

Tax on fa- CCLXVIII. And in order to secure the payment of the tax nr lanes, &c.

(lull be Hop- duty payable on every twenty flullings of falartes, prohts of cm-

by'^pnlbnsUt> ployments, fees and pensions, be it enacted, That the said tax or on fa*:n'lcf> Pr°f|ts of employments, fees and penlinns, trtaiuryj payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall be Propped and deduced by the teller of the said exchequer, to be accounted for to his Majesty, and also that the said tax on all other falaricsj profits of employments, lees and penftons liable thereto, shall be flopped by the person or persons who is or are to pay the same, or the deputies respectively, of the persons entitled to such Hilaries profits of employments, fees and penftons, and paid by them into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to be accounted for to mco'um u°im 'llfi Majesty, and that every such deputy or deputies shall, within o.nii within ‘ one calendar month after such tax shall become due, give ’in upon tix'bcc mas oath an account before the chief baron, or any of the barons, of pav'in within l'lc court of exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, of the month after net profit of such employment or employments, for which such crTorfnit ’ deputy or deputies is, are or shall be accountable to their principals, reiuicrad'in-0 "'hich account such person or persons to whom the fa ne shall be capable. given upon oath, as r.forcftdd, shall forthwith send to the teller of Jits Majesty's exchequer, or his deputy, and the deputy or deputies of Inch person or persons so absent, as aforesaid, shall within one calendar month after such account given in before the chief baron or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, as aforesaid, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, the film due and payable to his Majesty, for or on account of the said tax; and in case such deputy or deputies, as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to give in upon oath, or to pay the vsaid tax within the respective times herein before for that purpose appointed, such dej uty or deputies neglecting or omitting the fame, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to his Majesty, to be recovered

7 he thirty-seventh Year of George III. 397

recovered by action of debt or information, in his Majesty's court of exchequer, and shall also be incapable of exercising or holding such deputation from the time when judgment shall be given against him on such action or information.

A.D.

mi-

ciiap.30.

CCLXIX. And be it enacted, That the secretaries of the several Secretaries boards and establishments for the collection of any of his Majesty's revenues, and the aeent or agents of the several nersons who are of

b ° . 1 00 oath. on

entitled to receive any lalancs, fees or pcnlions, upon such efta- or before ill biishments, shall respectively, on or before the lirll: day of April every jrar. in every year, deliver in upon oath, which oath the said chief " kr di/ejna-baron, or any of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, are hereby required and empowered to administer, to the bell of their knowledge, a list or account of such of the officers of the revenue, and of the persons who are intitled to receive any such salaries, fees or pensions, who by reason of their absence from this kingdom, shall be liable to the said tax or duty; and in case such secretary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or uegleft to deliver in such lifts respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the office of secretary or secretaries, or from being agent or agents.

CCLXX. And be it enacted, That every person who shall have, bcite cn. or be entitled to receive any salary, profits of employment, fees or pensions in this kingdom, and who shall leave this kingdom, shall ""'y " as often as he or she shall so leave this kingdom, give notice in on leaving and writing to the principal officer at the port, at which he or she shall [SSngdon-. embark, or to his Majesty's auditor-general in this kingdom, of S*1 the day on which he or she intends to leave this kingdom, or shall within the space of three calendar months, after he or she shall have left this kingdom, give like notice of the day on which he or she had left the fame, and shall also give like notice in writing of the day of his or her return to this kingdom, and if any such person shall omit to give such notice, such person shall pay the said tax, as if he or she had been absent from this kingdom for the space of six months.

CCLJyXI. And be it enacted, That such notice shall be receiv- t* mrived cd by the respective officers aforesaid, without fee or reward, and "iJ°»l that such officers shall respectively give a receipt in writing to the g?ven, if re. person who shall serve such notice, if it shall be desired by such person.

:39s

A.D.

1707-

'ir\

Chap.

N.-Aurcs to

h.’

fc«!u»au*:Uor-

JC.WIjll.

CoiieSors . way Jciv.d fxoenc:.-? cut

trcfies taken, for quit- rent Ac. overar.d above the

CrlWT'M . Tec. in diilrifls tv Ii^re oaths crnftirm.ut-wvs arc re- 1 quired n:ay Jidminirtcr such.

Aftrmatun of a quaker in lieu of an oath

who (Wear iallVly llull -.'nffor av Jor

The thirty-seventi Year of George III.

CCLXXII. And be it enacted, That every officer of any pen who shall receive such notice as aforesaid, shall immediately trcnfinit the same to the fail! auditor-general, who shall preserve the (amc.

CCLXXIII. And whereas the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, and those employed by them, have been frequently obliged to dilfrain for quit-rent, crown-rent, compontion-rent, and whir rent, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and liiccc/lors, and dillrdlis taken for the fame, have been frequently A&ijcd, by reason whereof the collection of the rents aforesaid,-bath been rendered difficult and expensive: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, in all cases where any didrefs or distrelles shall be taken on any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for any quit-rent, crown, compofnion, or other, rent payable to his M.ijedy, his heirs and successors, charged thereon and in arrear, it shall be lawful for such colleidcrc, and those empowered by them, didraining for the fame, to c!e-du£t and retain out of the value of the didrefs or 'distrelles taken, or out of the money arising by the falc thereof, all neceil'.uy charges and expenses over an'd above the rent in arrear, as shall have been necessarily incurred in taking, securing, and felling such didrefs or dldrclfes.

CCLXXIV. And be it enacted, That the several rollcdtors, fub-commissioners, 01 other officers of the revenue, in the respective didritls -where such oaths or aflirmations arc required or directed to be taken by this or any other law or laws now of force, cr hereafter to be enabled, relating to his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to administer such oath or oaths, affirmation or -affirmations.

CCLXXV. And be it enacted, That in every case in which an oath is by this, or any other act now of force, or hereafter to be enacted in this kingdom, relating to his Majesty's revenue required to be taken, if the person required to take the fame, shall he a known quaker, and then and in every such case, the officer or officers empowered by law to administer such oath, shall net administer the same, but shall receive in lieu thereof, the Colctnn affirmation of such known quaker.

CCI.XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take any of the oaths or affirmations directed to be taken by this act, or by any act now of force, or which shall hereafter be made, relating to his Majesty's revenue, and be thereof lawfully convicted by verdict, or upon his or their confedion, he, (lie, or they so offending, fltail, for every such offence, incur.and Aider such penalties, forfeitures,

pains

3

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 399

pains and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt A.D. perjury are by law liable to 5 or if any person or persons shall cor- 1797* ruptly procure or ftiborn any other persons, to take such oath or ^la_Py affirmation, and the person or persons so procuring or suborning the like for shall be thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their 0Vpc^ry. confession, every person so offending (lull, for every liich oiTence,

incur and buffer liich penalties, forfeitures, pains ami disabilities t ns perfor.s convicted of perjury, or fuhornation of perjury, arc rdpeflively by the laws of this kingdom liable unto.

CCLXXVII. And be it enacted, That until the twenty-fifth Noliiglw day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no js. f,j. (j,n higher duty dull he paid on any piece of vellum, parchment or

jiaper, on which any marriage license which shall issue out of criiicjilmng the consistory court of any diocese shall be written, than the sum lip.oriai court, of two shillings and six pence, any act to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall afledt any inch liecnfc issued out of his Majesty's court of prero- <lu< «r

fcv.tiv e.

gative.

CCLXXVIII. And in order to encourage the fifireiics of this ' '

kingdom, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Sahforcu-importcr of salt, to land any quantity of salt imported into this bct,n'po,leur kingdom, for the purpose of curing filli, without having paid any duty for the fame; provided that such salt shall be weighed in the weighed>«J presence of an officer of his Majesty's revenue, and lodged in a herein; warehouse under the key of such officer, and of the proprietor; and such salt shall remain in such warehouse under the joint custody of such officer and proprietor, until the same shall be delivered out for the curing of (i(h: and before any such (alt shall be jjd*to ,!r

° , iti-cred to

delivered-out, the proprietor shall make oaih that such salt is in- proprietor, on

tended for curing filli, and that by his consent or connivance it ^'*,"'1",

shall not be fold or delivered for any other purpose, and shall with sufficient surety, enter into a bond to his Majesty, in double the curioj! double amount of the duty on such salt, to pay the tame at the end of do'-wiotprovc six months, unless proof shall be made, that such salt was used in " "as fu ufeu.

’ r ’ or ioflat fra,

curing fiffi, or hath been loft at sea, or in port. witlin 6

C.CLXXIX. And be it enacted, That upon proof made oil oath ' *Qn'| r of,

to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's re- up<.i> pah,

venue, that such salt, cr any part thereof, was used in the curing used in entity;

of li(h, or was loft at sea, or in port, credit shall be given on the fa]j'

back of the bond for the quantity of salt so accounted for; and toilWpin 1 ., , or, Ich! fur

when the whole of the salt specified therein, shall be accounted <m,nub; for, or the duty paid on the deficiency, such. hone! dial] he void, and delivered up am! cancelled. r,p‘"T

5 H 2 GCI.XXX. And ruib^i.

Paper

inngings

printed bcfoic iMiy, 1797, lli.ill not It-forfeited for heing undamped, until . after, 1 Sept.

*797-No more tlun 43. a barrel shall bs paid on importation of foreign Iter-rings.

All finesi :vc. not otherwise provided for, shall be recovered as 14 & 15 C 2. with like re-inedy of ap. ueal.

in force to

=4J""?.

179S, and end of next session.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CCLXXXX. And be it enacted, That no paper for hangings, which shall have been printed, painted, or itained, before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-l'even, shall be subject to forfeiture on account of such paper not having been stamped or marked, with the (lamp or seal, to denote llie charging of duty payable thereon, unless the same shall be found without such (lamp or seal, after the fil'd day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

i’CCL'XXXI. And be it enacted, That no’higher duty shall bra paid on foreign herrings imported into this kingdom, between the; twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and . ninety-seven, and the twenty-rfifth day of March, one thousand leven'hunidred.and liinetyreight, than four Ihiliings for every barrel thereof, any act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCLXXXII. And be it enacted, That all and every the finer, penalties and forfeitures infiifte’d by this act, other than and except as by. this act is otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered and levied 'in fuCli manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with'filth powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling of the excise, or new impost, apou his Majesty, his heirs and facccffors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all; intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or-injured, as in and by the said act, or this present.aft is provided.

CCLXXXIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of Jane, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the next leflien of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for the more secure Importation during a limited Time, of the several Goods and Materials of ManufaSare therein mentioned.

WHEREAS several articles cannot by reason of the present hostilities be imported in flapping navigated according to the laws now in force, without great hazard and expence to the

importers

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

importers thereof: and whereas it will tend to the general accommodation and advantage of the trade and manufacturers of this kingdom, if tome temporary relief he given in the premisses: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Wa-jdty, and by and with the advice anti consent of the lords t'piri-tnr.i and temporal, and commons in this present parliament allein-hled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of the present hof-tiliues, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import any goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of any island, colony, or plantation, belonging to any of the liihjects of the crown of Portugal, into this kingdom, in any drip or vessel belonging to any of the subjects of the crown of Portugal, or of any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated wholly or in part by foreign lea-men, from any port or place in Portugal, or the western islands, commonly called the Azores or Madeira islands, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of the present hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any person to import into this kingdom all forts of wool, Barilla, Jesuits bark, linen yarn, hemp, flax, and flax-feed, indigo, cochineal, cotton-wool, and organized thrown silk, of the production or growth of Italy, not being coarser than the fort thereof known and distinguished by the name of third Bolonia, and not being tram silk, from any country or place whatsoever, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, navigated by foreign seamen, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That such goods as shall in pursuance of this act, be imported in any foreign ship or vessel, shall he subject and liable to the aliens, and all other duties, in the same manner as they would be liable to by law, if such ships were of the built of the country of which the goods are of the growth, product, or manufacture.

401 A.D.

1797-Chap. 3 r.

CJ'OJa maybe inserted

in iliips belonging to the f.bjrtfs or Portugal, or any other in ant'ty, from Portugal, the Azores, or Madeira illinds, daring the war.

Wool, Barilla) Jtfuil’s bar!:, linen-yarn, hemp, flax, flaxdeed cochineal, cottor. woo), Italian silk of the description herein, may be imported in vessels from any country in amity.

Goods imported in foreign ships, shall be lub-jccl to alien* duty.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One Thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for J'ecuring the Payment of the Interest thereof] and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasttry in Ireland to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasttry in England, the Sum therein mentioned, towards the fat'd Loan, and for securing an Interest for the fame, and to provide for the Discharge of the said sum.

_Recit.il37 ^Tff WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made in this present 3- Session of Parliament, entitled, An act for securing tb:

payments of the annuities, and of the interest upon the principal sum therein provided for, and towards the discharge of such principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majestys treasttry, to receive certain suns for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum out of the consolidated find, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the fer vid of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and for other pur-... , P'fcs, it is enacted, That by and out of Inch monies as Hull, from

it is tllci't'oy

crafted tli-.t time to time he, and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of

thecofiS-°f the surplus of the fund, called the consolidated fund, from the

dated fund twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and after paying J J

and receiving ninety-seven, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand

maybca|i- Riven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, after paying and rc-

plied towatds serving sufficient to pay all such sum and sums of moneyas have

making goon ° 1 J

the suppTy been directed by any former act or acts of parliament* to be paid

for l"A' out of the fame, shall and may be issued and applied for and to-

wards making good the supply granted to his Majesty for the ler-vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, a sum not exceeding four millions, three hundred and ninety-five thousand six hundred and eighty-six pounds three shillings and four-pence halfpenny, together with a sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and twelve pounds thirteen shillings and nine-pence, being a balance unapplied of the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, making in the whole four millions live-hundred and ten thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight pounds seventeen i shillings

402 A.D.

mi-

For raifmj

OOiOjd.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 405

shillings and one penny halfpenny: And whereas by a resolution of A.D. the houl'e of commons, of the lirlt clay of March, one thousand *797'

leven hundred ami ninety-seven, it is resolved, that towards rail-ing the said supply, the luin of three million three hundred and Kefuliuion i ninety-live thousand six hundred and ninety-six pounds be rail- rail/ ’ ed on loan: And whereas the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, in pursuance of an aci parted this session of parliament :a-k«:' fre-for that purpose, have agreed to advance and lend towards rail- |""a,d'r L'1 ing the said linn, the linn of five hundred thousand pounds, in s00-0001* order theicfore towards railing a further part of the faitl film, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefeilt parliament allcmhied, and by the authority of the same, that lor railing the lam of four hundred thou-fanJ and fifty pounds, part of the said fuin of three million three pan of hundred and ninety-live thousand six hundred and ninety-six albcnluL pounds, debentures to the amount of six hundred and thirty-five thousand pounds, hearing an intcred at the rate of five pounds per from Dcc. 25 centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of December, in-Tnl, ,iJjc-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be issued, so that Ing IC?V"r

' ’ cverjr 63l.

every contributor of sixty-three pounds to the filid loan, shall re- fnbfciflied. ceive a debenture lor one hundred pounds.

II. And be it emitted, That a debenture for one hundred pounds for every sum of thirty-three pounds, to be subscribed and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, bearing such interest, liny. shall be as aforesaid, shall be given by the proper officers of his Majesty's S'UI1’ treasury, in like manner as hath been usually done, in cases where principal Aims have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture, and the debentures or receipts so to be given, shall be mim- numbered* bercJ in arithmetical progression, where the common excels or '^j"ll,llnel1’ difference is to be one, until the whole Hull be numbered.

III. And be it emitted, Tint upon every such debenture there bcjnWMf! shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the end )«‘b-

of every six calendar months, to the person or persons who shall become entitled to the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal money at one entire payment.

IV. And for raising a further sum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of three million three lum-

5 I 2 dred

404

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III. A.D. 1797.Chap. 32.

ft tirafury I*.11 for icol-for every 92l. f.ibfcri’.)ctl, for

<61. shall be ilibc'.i u> Tub-bribers, at 6 per cent, and to past current after 5 years.

Sams borrowed pvrfu-am to refo-lntion of i Mar. 1797, deemed part of sum here-t'/ autlioiized to be borrowed.

Versons who depofnc 5 per cent, of iubfcripiiuns on or before 20 June,

- 1797, and

pay remainder in 3 payments, on o r-before 20 Sept, and 20 Dee. 1797, and 20 Mar.

1798, shall receive trea-i'ury bills

from 25 Mar. *797-

dred anti ninety-five thousand fix luuulrcd and ninety-!,:, pounds; be it enacted, That for every sum of ninety-two pound;, which shall he contributed and paid into the receipt of his M.t-jesty’s exchequer, towards raising the said him, a treasury ini! lor one hundred pounds, shall be illucd and given to the pei toii who shall so pay such sum of ninety-two pound.-.; and for every him of forty-six pounds, of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, which shall be in like manner paid, a treasury bill for fitly pounds shall bciflued and given to the perfoit who shall so pay Inch sum of forty-six pounds, such treasury hills to hear an filtered after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, on the sum contained therein, and to pass current at the receipt of Ins Majesty's exchequer, at the end of five years from the date of the lame respectively.

V. And whereas pursuant to the said refolufion of the house of commons, of the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, several films have been paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, towards raising a loan by treasury bills; be it enacted, That every such sum paid in consequence of the said resolution, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall be deemed and taken to be part of the said sum, hereby authorized to be borrowed on loan by treasury bills, and a treasury bill for one hundred pounds, for every ninety-two pounds so paid, shall be issued and given to the person who paid the fame, such treasury bills to bear a like interest, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

VI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall further contribute towards raising the said sum, and who shall pay at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on or before the twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and niuety-seven, a sum after the rate of five pounds per centum, on such sum as he shall subscribe, towards raising the said sum, as a deposite to secure the payment of the remainder of the sum for which he shall subscribe by the instalmerits herein after mentioned; that is to say, one-third of the remainder of the sum so to be subscribed for, on or before the twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, one other third on or before the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one other third, on or before the twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall receive such treasury bill or bills as aforesaid, bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven

3 hundred

The thirty- seventh Year of George III. 405

bundled and ninety-seven; and every perihn who shall, after the A. I), laid twentieth day of June, one thousand foven hundred and ‘797-iihety-seven, pay at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any him towards railing the said sum, Hull receive such treasury hill (rc.il. i-/1 in.-or hills as aforesaid, hearing stich interest as aforesaid, from the ti ne that such sum as he shall fu filer! be for, Hull be paid as ..fore-

said l-L- rinsj i.

V:I. And be it enacted, Tint a treasury bill for one hundred I.Jl! J.j.? pmiith, for every fta'ii of ninety-two pounds, which shall lie in pii! into the receipt of iris Majesty's exchequer; and a trc.ihiry i.-n-.—y hill fir fifty pounds, for every sum of ibrty-lix pounds, which >7, pVi.tin!' lii ill be lb paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, hear- if ing 111 interest at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, 011 m.i. W tin fu:n therein mentioned, shall be issued by the proper officers j" of his Majesty's treasury, such bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the films to be respectively specified therein, and declaring the same to be payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the end of live years, from the date thereof, and to bear interest after the rate or six pounds per centum per annum,

and such bills shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excess or diflcrence is to be one, until the whole Hull be numbered, beginning with the number one.

VIII. And be it enacted, That upon every such treasury bill, Interest there Hull be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at yearly.' Iw'f" the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons "'<*> entitled to the dime, an interest after the rate of six pounds per

centump’r annum, to commence from such time, as pursuant to die provisions of this act, shall he specified therein, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until fuel; fune as the principal money therein, shall be paid in one entire payment.

IX. And be it enacted, That every such bill- so to be issued as to Scarred-aforesaid, shall and may, at and after such time as shall be appoint- tocoibflon, ed for that purpose therein, if not sooner paid off, be received and fary.at taken by, and be current to any receiver or collector in this king-

dom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid nr tax, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in refnedt of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax, by him collected or received, at or after such time as aforesaid.

406 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

X. And whereas his excellency the lord lieutenant of this king-

1797' dom, on the eighth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, by a raeflage to the house of commons of this king-

I. Licute- dom, declared, that his excellency was directed by his Majesty to ac<lua'nt the said house, that his Majesty had recommended to the 797 J«iar- iloufe of commons of Great Britain, to consider of enabling him

1«S lll.lt III! /

Wajcilvhad from time to time, to make remittances, to be applied to his cd'iocora-*1 service in Ireland, in such manner as shall be approved by the monscnU.it. parliament of this kingdom, to an amount not cxccedine one i;iil-

f> enable him 1 b ’

to remit lion five hundred thousand pounds, on provision being made by to’Yrei.rnJs the parliament of this kingdom, for defraying the filtered and rcPiiution charges of a loan to that amount; and that in consequence there-agreed to by of, a resolution was agreed to, by the house of commons of Great G. It. Britain, on the second day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for carrying his Majesty's gracious recommendation into effect; and two resolutions of the said house of commons of Great Britain, were laid before the house of commons of this kingdom, with the said mefiage, purporting that a sum not exceeding one million five hundred thousand pounds, he granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make remittances from time to time, to be applied to his service in this kingdom, in such manner as shall be approved by the parliament of this kingdom, on provision being made by the said parliament, for defraying the

s.iid interest and charges of a loan to that amount.; and that the said to^b/raifcii ^um °* one million five hundred thousand pounds, be raised by by annuities; annuities; and that every contributor.to the said sum of one million lzyi.at3 five hundred, thousand pounds, should, for every one hundred every "ooi°r Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of contributed, one hundred and twenty-five pounds in annuities, after the rate of 5 Jan. 179ft three pounds per centum, to commence from the fifth day of Jamt-iTpcrccnt ary, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven", and also to

reduced an- . the further principal sum of fifty pounds, in three pounds per unities from 11 1 1 ‘ 1

j April, 1797; centum, reduced annuities, to commence from the fifth day ot April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and also and 2ol, in 10 die further principal sum of twenty pounds, in annuities, after

per cent, the rate of four pounds per centum, to commence from the fifth

from 5 April, day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and and Vs fid. that every such contributor should likewise he entitled to an an-6a'earsatd fix'shillings and six pence per centum, -to commence front

9months. the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to continue for the'term of sixty-two years and nine months, and then to cease, over and above the principal films of one hundred and twenty-five pounds, and fifty pounds, after the

2 rate

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 40;

rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and twenty pounds, A.D. after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in respect of r t97. everyone hundred pounds, to be contributed and paid towards Chap.-? 2. ratling the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; t—"v—-u and that every contributor who should pay in the whole of his or per cent. Iter contribution money, towards the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, at any time on or before the seventeenth a c ittrilj.i-dav of November next, should be allowed an interest by way of o-iicforc 17 discount, after the rate of four pounds per centum, per annum, on ^,'.4',- the fiitn so completing his or her contribution, respectively, to he p-iymcm w computed from the day of completing the fame, to the twenty-9ninth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; in order therefore to carry into died, the purposes of his Majesty's gracious message aforesaid, be it enacted, That it shall com-iilli and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in'imiml in this kingdom, to receive, or cause to be received at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, from the commissioners of >'">»> fi-e-his Majesty's treasury in England, as a'further part of the said sum; o»t. of three million three hundred and ninety-five thousand fix huti-dred and ninety-six pounds, all such sum and sums, not exceed- purposes of ing the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, cd by (lid Britishi currency, amounting in Irish currency to the sum of one act' million six hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, as shall be paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and the same shall be applied by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, towards the several purposes for which the said supply granted to his Majesty by the said receited act, is thereby directed to be applied.

XI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any aids and duties An interest of appropriated to the payment of the interest and charges of any p»r7cemd’ sum or sums of money raised by loan, in pursuance of any act or ^J1 b^paid acts of parliament in this kingdom, there shall be paid in London, on said loan, by half-yearly payments, yearly and every year, until the said loan shall be redeemed and paid off in manner herein after mentioned, an interest after the rate of six pounds seven shillings and six pence, per centum, per annum, for the said Xum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds; three pounds fif- ( teen shillings thereof, to commence from the fifth day of January, thereof on one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to be paid on andy.h'jan.17 every fifth day of Tuly, and fifth day of January: and the re- the remain.

j I /TIP . r .1 C . ingal. iai.6d.

maming- two pounds twelve lhillmgs and six pence thereof, to 0"tvery ;ih,

commence from, the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun-

jK a dred

40 3

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

Chap. 32.

A.D.

tired and niusty-seven, and to be paid on every fifth day of A.e- 79T- gufl, and every fifth day of April.

XII. And in order to enable the commissioners of his MajestyV Commilli- treasury in England, to cause the said annuities to be regularly f"y in !<.'- paid; be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's trc.i-I ir<!, toifiVc

fiiJ innuiiiei Jllly ^c^an^i '‘hall half-yearly, previous to each respective (lav

fur.

i-icomaiifli- on which the said annuities are to be paid in Ii.ngl.ind, issue out of

oners in Ki g- , r . n , .,

la-iil, «a!f the receipt 0* Jus r.lajcity s exchequer m tins kingdom, an.l pay oiit'o’ihis'iii in f-ondon, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in l:.i g-|.:.yincut. land, the amount of each half-yearly annuity, and of ali c!:arg;s attending the payment or management thereof, il. 19s. 10J.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the commissioners for the re-

per Cent, of

I,id duftion of the national debt, shall let apart quarterly out ol the

I'.flii’cap1' fund under their management, a film after the rate of one pour..! plird bycom ni,leteen fl-fillings and ten pence by the year, for each one bun Jr. J

imdiiners lor ° r 1 1

reduction of pounds of the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty-loliowh.g five thousand pounds, to be applied by them i'. redeeming and manner: paying off the said sum, in manner following, that is to say, they

of'laid sum. shall apply quarterly, all monies so set apart, and also ail dividends or annuities payable in respect of any principal or capital stock which they shall purchase by virtue of this act, in the purchase of redeemable ptiblick annuities, or British principal or capital stock, until they shall have purchased principal or capital stock of such annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, per annum, to the amount of two million six hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds Britishi currency, and all'o further like stock of such annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to the amount of three hundred thousand pounds like currency.

When said

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said

cri have pur- commissioners shall have so purchased such stock to the amount of chafed (lock, as herein, they shall have ittranfferred to commission-< is for re* illusion of debt in G fl. which shall

two million six hundred and twenty-five- thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds, respectively, they shall cause the lame to he transferred and placed to the account of the commissioners appointed by act of parliament in Great Britain, lor applying certain films of money annually, for the reduction' of the national debt,' and such transfer shall be deemed and taken, and is t'ion of faiaP" hereby declared to be a full redemption and repayment on the l^of j part of the commissioners of the treasury of this kingdom, c-f the limiiii. principal sum of the said loan of one million five hundred thousand pounds British currency, trinslir fsCh

XV. And be it enacted, That from and after such transfer being nude, and all made, and all interest and charges in respect thereof, up to the

charges' paid, date of such transfer, being fully paid, no further sum shall be no more shall prom

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

from thenceforward remitted or paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury oil account thereof, or of any imerefl: or charges thereon, except only a ium after the rate of lix shillings and lix pence British par annum, for each one hundred pounds British, of the said ium of one million five hundred thousand pounds, which sum they shall continue to pay in London, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain, in like manner by equal half-yearly payments on every fifth day of April, and fifth day of Aitguft yearly, during so much of the term of fixiy-two years and nine months, to he computed from the fifth day of April last, as shall remain and he unexpired on the day on which such transfer shall be so made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a distinct and separate account shall he kept of all monies set apart for, received or applied by the said commissioners by virtue of this act, and of all dividends or annuities on principal or capital (lock purchased by them therewith in like manner as is directed by an act passed this i'eflion of parliament, entitled, An act for v fling a certain ft'ml in cMw.iJfmers, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt, and to direct the application of additional funds, in case offuture loans, to the like purpose in respect to any new loan, and that all powers and authorities, regulations and pavilions in the said act, shall be valid and cfieelual with respect to the monies let apart by virtue of this act, except so far as the same are herein expressly varied, as fully as if the lame were herein particularly re-enacted.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, shall and may, with the content-and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, raile by loan the remainder of the said sum of three million throe hundred and ninety-five thousand six hundred and ninety-six pounds, by illuc ot debentures or trea-fiuy hills, aided or not aided by a premium, or by annuities for certain terms, of years, or lor life, being granted wiiii them, or by the saie of annuities for one life each, or for certain terms of years, or by all or any of the ways and means afortftid, together or separately, as Haiti be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, every Inch debenture to carry such intered not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and every such premium not to exceed eight pounds for every ninety-two pounds fu'jl'trihcJ, and every Inch annuity to be granted in aid thereof, to lie 1<’C such term of years, or for such life, and of such amount, and

DiKi-rfl

axoums t.> bo* kepi by (bid coniarf-lioners, in

rcck*J by act of thii f ffion.

Hjwc3«h,

mj]H J»rrs of treasury may raise the re-nuiiuicrof I'ZjiSvjQ.

410 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

every annuity to be sold at so many years purchase and for such 1797. life, and all such interest and annuities severally, to commence —J from such times respectively as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or in such other manner as shall be directed by parliament.

Revenue officers may enter all mnlt-houses by night and day (in pro-

fence of a peace officer at night) and into mills, to gauge, men-iure, weigh, and take account, &c.

officers to make returns to collectors, and to leave copies with maltilers, penalty 40s.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for coIleB'wg andfecurhg his Majifys Revenue upon Mull.

FOR the better securing and collecting the duty or revenue payable upon malt, be it enacted, by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every surveyor, feareher, gauger, and waiter in his Majesty's revenue, and all other officers of excise, shall be permitted as well by night as by day, but if in the night-time, in the presence of a constable, fiib-constable, 01-Other peace officer, to enter, and shall and may enter the house) malting-house, kiln, mill, (lore, or other places belonging to, or made use of by any public malfter, or maker of malt for sale, or by any person dealing in corn or malt, as a factor or otherwise, or common brewer, distiller, or vinegar-maker, making or iffing malt, or by any other person making malt, whose malt-house shall have been licensed as herein is directed, and into any mill made use of by any public miller for grinding malt, and to gauge all citterns, uting-vats, utensils, or other vessels, and all stores used by any maltster, or maker of malt, or dealer in corn or malt as a factor or otherwise, or common brewer, dittiller or vinegar-maker, for (toring malt, or for wetting or lleeping corn or grain for making malt, and to gauge, measure, or weigh, and to take an account of the just quantity of all malt found therein, and of all corn or grain which shall be found wetting or (leeping in any such uting-vat, utenttl or cittern, or shall have been wetted or (lecped in them, or any of them for making malt, and shall thereof make a return in writing to the collector of- the district, or to such person or persons as the commissioners of the revenue shall appoint to receive the fameand every such officer is hereby required to leave a true copy of such return in writing, under his hand, with every such person making malt, or at such house and malt-house, on pain of forfeiting the sum of forty shillings for every such negkd or omission, and such report or return of such officer, shall be a charge upon every such person respectively; and if any person

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 411

making or having malt in his or her possession, as aforesaid, whe- A.D. ther for sale or for private use, or the wife, foil, or daughter of 1797-such person, oranyperfen employed as clerk, maltster, or servant ^,aP-o3-at any malt-house, or other place, shall obstruct, or not permit ,0'. p.n.civ any officer to enter his or her house, or other place in manner {"![ herein mentioned, or shall ohflruA, or not permit him to meaftire, compute, or take an account of such malt, or to gauge all and every such uting-vats, utensils, cillerns, and other vessels, or to gauge, and take an account of all corn or grain in any such cittern, uting-vat, utensil or other vessel, or which shall have been deeped or wetted, and shall be on any floor or other place, every such person who, or whose wife, foil, daughter, clerk, maltster, or servant as aforesaid, shall so obstrutt, or not permit such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence the fnin of fifty pounds; and that every person making malt for sale, or

not for sale, shall monthly, and every month, or within ten days wrm u> i>c after the expiration of such month, make a true return to the plrfjn; «ho collector of the ill drift in which such person shall relide, of all mat; malt, the malt made by him or her respectively, in such month.

II. And be it enacted, That as often as any difference or dispute When shall arise between the person or persons making malt, or having

malt in his or her possession, as aforesaid, and the gauger or other 2l'cr’sal!<l officer of the revenue, respecting the amount of the charge made about teas aforesaid, the return or report so made, shall be verified by the ggcrl ve-oath of such gauger or other officer, to be made before one of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, of the pro- they shall be per district, who are hereby respectively authorised to administer iSi" the fame, that the return or report so made by him, was truly and fairly made to the bell of his skill and knowledge; and such return or report shall then be a charge on the person or persons making malt, so disputing the fame, and not otherwise.

III. Provided always, That no person shall be at liberty to con- charges trovert any charge made by such gauger or other officer, unless

fie shall object to the fame, within one month after such charge b= objectedto shall have been made as aforesaid, such objection to be made in mfnth.and writing, and signed by the person so making the same, and to be delivered to the collector of the district in which such charge shall not made have been made as aforesaid, nor shall it be necessary for such gau- SSed,* ger or other officer, to verify such charge by affidavit, unless such person shall have made such return as aforesaid, of the malt made by him or her, or in his or her possession, within the time hereinbefore for that purpose mentioned.

5L 2

4*2

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

IV. And be it enacted, That every maltster, or maker of malt, 1797' shall within one month after he, fhc or they shall make, or ought

10 ^lave rnadc such monthly return as aforesaid, pay and clear eff Duties t.i all such duties as shall he due from him, her, or them, respective-!'n f ttintii' i)’i for and on account of all such malt by him, her, or them after rcuint, made, unless Inch malt shall he l'ooner removed from the malt-

u;i‘efs malt

is firmer re house or place where the lame shall have been made or kept, ia which ci'ib ' which case the said ditties shall he paid for all such malt as llmll he l'i"firc ° intended to he removed before any permit for removing, carrying, removal. ..or conveying the fame, shall be granted.

Persons V. And be it enacted, That every maltster or other peifm, makefile^ chargeable with the duly on malt, who shall neglect or reftilc to returns ami m3hc ftK.it return and payment respectively, shall forfeit for cvcrv

pnymems, 1 1 . J

forfeit ;n:. such offence respectively, the sum of fifty pounds, together vi;!i du:y.0"1L a sum erpial to double the duty returned by the gauger or ether officer, to be due by Inch maltster or person making malt.

Mehfters

VI. And be it enacted, That every maltster who with two

who give

fcciutty for luincicm iurct:-,:» to ho approved oi'by the collector of the ciii-

llutie^mey trick in which ho rclides, (ltall have given security by bond to his

Its permitted Majesty, which bond such collector is hereby-authorized to take

to remove J . '

malt without for his Majesty's life, for such rcalbnible sum as such collector

receipts"*1 'fttall thin!: proper, conditioned that such maltster shall duly pay

the duty for all malt, for which lie shall be chargeable with duty, then it lhnil and may be lawful for the proper officers of his Majesty's revenue to grant peniiits for the removal of malt from the

malt-house or store-house of such maltster, without such maltster producing the receipt of the collector- of the district, for the duly

of the malt to be removed.

Meitners

VII. And be it enacted, That every person making malt for dn-sun-'A u"iit Tnlc, ami every brewer and dilliller making malt, shall before he take out a or glc Oinll make any malt, take out a license for so doing from

Itccnle trr / 7

every ma!t- tllC COlIc&Ol* of the cUflricl 111 which lie 01* she shall reside, for

tvjci.1"'"111': cvcr)r malt-house which such person shall keep, and pay to Inch

collector the duty payable thereon; and if any person making malt

for laic, or any brewer or distiller making mail, shall make any

: malt without having taken out such license, or without having a

license for that purpose of force, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit twenty pounds.

iT’t-tners

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That perst'ns in

claiore'1"’ pavtneribip carrying on the business cf making malt, ll;:-h not be

tba i li- obliged to take out more than one liconfe for on.' and iiie lame conf'frri

kanfe; malt-houV; and that r.o one liccnle which shall be ...'anted by virtue or ;his aft, shall authorize or empower any person or per- foils

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 413

Ions to whom the same shall be granted, to make malt in any other malt-house or place than the malt-house which shall be tie-bribed in such license, and every fitch license shall continue of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year.

IX. And be it enacted, That the several collectors in this kingdom, shall upon receipt of the duty payable upon any such license, grant such license under their nlpcftive hands, for each of which licenses there shall be taken by such collectors for their own use, a fee after the rate of one shilling in the pound, of the duty payable on such license, and no more, over and above the duty payable thereon.

X. And be it enacted, That every person making malt, who

A.D. 1797.£-33-

licences fua:l be in lor:*: for houfrr therein c’tf-ctibctl, on!;*, and until

S’p'emfic:-.

CoKtCiors to pram li-

t\ iiil'S on U’«

ccipi of duty ruul 1.1. in the pound.

Perfotu

is by this act required to take out such license as aforesaid, shall

1_liccmw (lull

every time he or she shall take out such license, give a return or r>cnicounts account in writing to the collector of the district in which he or of

(lie shall reside, of his or her name and place of abode, and of the mal;‘

malt-house in rd'pcft of which he or she shall require such license, ttccps. fcc. and of the feverttl steeps, citterns, uting-vats, utensils, and other dimi-nCon,^ vessels, and kilns, for making corn or grain therein into malt, or Fnal,v used by him or her, and of the several floors therein, or belonging to such malt-house, and the dimensions thereof, specifying the number of square feet which they contain, and the dimensions of the several steeps or citterns therein, and the quantity of barley which each shall be capable of containing, and also the several llores to such persons belonging, and any person who shall make malt in any malt-house, or in any kiln, without having given such return or account thereof in writing as aforesaid, shall for every time he or Ihc' shall so offend, forfeit twenty pounds; and coiicfk.~ every collector who shall receive such return or account, shall re- 'f. gifler the fame without fee or reward, in a book to be by him out fa-

kept for that purpose.

XI. And be it enacted, That if the dimensions of any floor or s0*- Penalty floors in any malt-house, of which such return or account shall exceeds di-have been so made as aforesaid, shall exceed by eighty square feet, 'Jrlj)0"j)!,11 the number of square feet which shall have been mentioned in So square

1 feet.

liich return or account, to be the dimensions of any such floor or floors, the maltster or person making such return, shall forfeit the film of fifty pounds.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons , Perf°nl

7 J' 1 1 who take out

shall take out a license for any malt-house, in which the trade of licenses for a maltster shall not, during the continuance of such license be car- in'i»hichUthe tied on in his, her, or their own name or names, and for his, her, '^5 or their own foie benefit and advantage, such license shall be void, them forfeit Vol. XVIII. jM and

4*4 57j£ thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

and the person or persons to whom such license shall he granted, 1797. and every person interfiled in the profit of such malt-house, Dial! Chap. 33. respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds. thTlibTpc^

XIII. And be it enacted, That no license shall he granted to in/, natty on all person to make malt in any malt-house, or other house, which fmcc

persons in- 1 , '

tersiltd. the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fever, hundred and Ih^lbcgiant- eiShty-flx. I'31*1 been, or which shall he ere (fed for, or converted rd for malt to the purpose of making lait for falc, or that shall he creeled hv cd"fir.ce a5 any hrewer or tliftilkr, unless the steep or cillern tl erciu, shall he March. tjSC’ of dimensions sufficient to contain twenty-five barrels of bailey at

m.lcls Itcepi, J

floors, Vc. the leall, nor tinless Inch malt-house shall contain alter the rale of and br of two thousand six hundred square feet of growing and diying floor:., hwdn'd and three hundred and twenty-four square feet of kiln floors, lor feribed; every twenty-five barrels of barley, which the deep shall be capable of containing; nor shall any license he granted to make malt in any malt-house, unless there shall be a square couch-frame for every steep or cistern therein, of the depth of two feet at the leall, and not more than three feet, and capable of receiving the fame quantity of grain as the steep or cistern to which it belongs, nor unless such couch-frame shall he construfled of materials of such strength, as shall be sufficient to preserve the dimensions of such couch-frame, when charged with grain; nor if such couch-frame, or any part thereof, Ih.dl he construfled of wood, unless such wood shall he of the jubilance of one inch at least in thickness, and braced on the outside, at every three feet in length, with a ledge of wood six inches in breadth, and one inch thick; nor unless such couch-frame shall he creeled, fixed, and secured in such man-licenscs ner, as that the officers of excise may take an area thereof; and if mnk'boidVs, any keenfe shall he granted to any such person for any malt-house,

other than as the steep or cistern in which shall not be of the dimensions afore-aturcsaid.shall be void and laid, or which shall not contain the respective numbers of square foi'fcu'aob111 feet of growing and drying floors, and kiln-floors, after tile rate aforesaid, or in which there shall not be such couch-frame for entry steep or cistern therein as aforesaid, such license is hereby declared to be null and void, and the person making malt in such malt-house shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Maltders to

XIV. And be it enacted, That every maltster or maker of malt, kvtSiingCSfor at own ex Pence> keep in his malt-house convenient to his com, penalty couch-frame, a rake or feraper sufficient to level the corn or grain therein, in order to enable the oilicers to gauge the lame accurately, and if any officer of excise shall not on demand on the per-fou attending him, be furnished with such rake or feraper, the person

The th'irty-seventh Year of George III. 415

son or persons licensed to make malt in such malt-lionfe, shall forfeit A.D. for ever)' offence ten pounds. [1797.

XV. Provided always, That in ail cases where the floor of the

kiln of any malt-house I'o eroded or converted to the purpose of Where

' . , r floors of kilns

marring malt, mull be coveted with iron wire, or iron plates, for arc corrred

the purpose of making or prep.ning malt, for brewing porter, a

license may he granted to make ir.alt therein, allhough it shall not far porter.

contain a number of fqnarc feet of kiln floor, after the rate afore-bc^rnS*

said, in case it shall appear to the satisfadinn of the commissioners of diSfiSl,

of his Majesty's revenue, that the malt to be made therein, is to afcrefaU.

be used in brewing porter, and not otherwise.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if no malt shall be made for the if no malt space of one year, from the twenty-ninth day of September, in

any year, by virtue of a lieenfc lor that purpose in any malt-house, a9Sept.

44 . 1 r J r where Keep,

the steep or cittern in which HiLIII not be of the dimcilfions afore- &c. a-cnotof

f.iid, or which shall not contain the respective numbers of ftjuare ^Tccn'ic

feet of growing and drying floors aforesaid, such malt-house shall ®>allbe

° ° ‘ ° granted, un»

be deemed a malt-house erected after the twenty-fifth day of icf> floor of

March., one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and no license shall afterwards be granted to any person to make malt, in such iron> malt-house, unless the floor of the kiln therein shall have been covered with iron wire, or iron plates as aforesaid, and shall appear to the satisfadinn of the said commissioners to be intended to be used for the purpose of making malt for brewing porter.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every person making malt, P"fon* shall be deemed to be a maltster, or person making malt for maktobiw sale, and shall take out such license as aforesaid, and pay the duty and satis-payable thereon, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the b' collector‘ collect or of the district, that the malt intended to be made, is to be authored be used by such person for brewing beer and ale for his or her pri- so to do' vateufc, and not for sale, in which case such; collector shall by a

license authorize him or her to make malt for such purpose only; and if any person who shall be so licensed by any collector, shall if such person fell any malt, or any beer or ale brewed by him or her, such li- beer oral" cense shall be void, and every such person shall forfeit the sum of jj'jf®1*®,. fifty pounds. :’-n- licenses.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That where a license shall be taken Persons out in the name of any person or persons under the age of twen-ty-one years, every such person shall be liable to the payment of

all duty or duties of exrife, and of all penalties and forfeitures taken out that may be incurred and become payable by this act,' and be sub- ,0 all duties, jed to such regulations and restrictions, as fully to all intents and &c' purposes, as if such person or persons was or were of full age.

5 M 2 XIX. And

416 The thir/y-sevenih Year of George III.

A.D.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all malt or grain, or corn what-r797- f°cvcr> making, or to be made into malt, which shall be found Chap. 3 3. *n the malt-house, store-house, or other tenement of any maker of 1——' malt, or of any person in pofiession of any such malt-house, store-srrinl&c!' house, or other tenement, shall be subject to, and chargeable with jealoarrcars an(^ Angular the duties upon malr, which may he in arrear, and duc.br 0""' owing as well for any malt which hath or thall have been made by perSInrfio any such maker of malt, as of any malt which hath been made, occupied such or shall have been made within such malt-house, at any time before

malt-house J

beforet and to all penal* ties, &c.

Officers to charge by the gauge only*

bushels of corn deemed equal to a barrel of malt.

Steps to be kept to every malt-house floor, &e. and lights furnished on demand of officer, penalty 2oh

such malt-house hath come, or shall have come to his or her possession, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons who ul'ed such malt-house, for any -offence against this act, by not making such returns, or paying 'such duties as aforesaid, and that it shall be lawful in all cases to levy all such debts and penalties as aforesaid, incurred under, and by virtue of this act, and to carry on such proceedings against such malt, as it may be lawful to do in case the debtor or offender was the true and real owner of the said malt.

XX. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise for the time being, shall measure all corn, or grain making into malt, and charge the duty thereon by the gauge only.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every four bushels of corn or grain making into malt taken by the gauge, shall be deemed to be equal to a barrel of malt, for the purpose of charging the duty thereon, such bufla- to be computed according to the buihel known by the name of the Wiv.chester bufltel, containing eight gallons of two hundred and fevci.ty-two cubical inches and a quarter each.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every person making malt, or making corn or grain into malt, shall keep constantly fixed in his or her malt-house, flairs or steps to every floor or other place, belonging to every such malt-house, which shall be used for keeping malt or corn, or grain making into malt, sufficient to enable the officers of excise who shall enter such malt-house at all times, to have easy and convenient access to the several floors, (lores, and other places belonging to every such malt-house, and shall on demand of every such officer as aforesaid, made to the owner of such malt-house, or to the person attending at such malt-house, furnish such officer with lights sufficient to enable him to view, gauge, and take an account of malt, and corn and grain making into malt in such malt-house, and in every floor, store, or other place therein, or shall for every neglect or default in either of the said cases, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

1

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 417

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no maltster, or other person A.D.

making malt for saie, or not for sale, shall cred, or let up, 1-197.

alter or enlarge, or make tile of any cistern, uting-vat, utensil, Chap.33.

or other vefle! for the wetting or deeping of corn, or

0 . - No cilte'n,

grain to be made into malt, or any kiln, door, room, or other vat, Ac. Sc,

place for making or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn, or grain or'Ikcrc^1 Up

making into malt, without first giving notice in writing to the col-

leflor of the district, of his or her intention to ered or set up, al- Ucton nor

ter, enlarge, or make use of such ciflern, uting-vat, utensil, or t"pr Ilian

other vessel, or such kiln, floor, room, or other place, or shall 1"cl' iV'

’ 1 7 tunica in re-

keep or make life of any cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel ion, rcrahy for the wetting of his or their corn, or grain making into malt, ci(iCrn, Vc!ry other titan those which shall have been mentioned to be made to the collector, and which shall he openly known and made life of in his or her common maiting-house, on pain of forfeiting the film of twenty pounds for every such cistern, uting-vat, uteiifll, or other vessel, kiln, floor, room, or other place lb eroded or set up, altered, or enlarged, without such notice as aforesaid, or kept private or concealed, or ma ie use of without an account thereof having been returned to the collector.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any malt, or corn, or grain All matt, making into malt, shall be found in, or upon any kiln, floor, flore, ppm" wait, or other place, for making or keeping of malt, or corn, or grain J making into malt, an account of which shall not have been return- i»

° , tttu.n;

cd to the collector according to the provmons ot Inis act, or if ar.y corn whatsoever, be found (Iceping or wetted in any place, except ill cisterns, uting-vats, or other wetting places, or utensils, an account of which shall have been returned to the collector as afore- f.r ,n

hc.-r! a m-.lr.

said, or if any malt, or corn, or grain making into malt, shall be found in any inalt-house, not licensed pursuant to the provisions of this act, all such malt and corn, together with the sacks, hags, or such corn, vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and the owner or iJts, Ac'rimU owners thereof, or the person or persons in whole possession the ln'l;,lle;wii.

ct 40s- per

fame shall be found, shall fcorfeit the font of forty shillings for hinrci. every barrel thereof.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any corn or grain Audi he

5 1 0 Crrn form!

found Keeping, or steeped in any field or oilier lace, except a cif- I'l'yirsm

tern in a licensed mall-house, and proof thereof flii.il be made to the J&itnfeT

fslisfaction of any justice of the peace of the county where such

offence flmll lie committed, all such corn cr grain, and the hairs t-'- ri-it-U,

’ O’ t* i;.f

containing the lame, shall be forfeited, and the owner thereof, and 'suit, the occupier of the 'dace in which the same shall be found, shall I! CVcr>'

1 1 iii r 51. on

forfeit for the fivft offence five shillings, and for the second, and "'"ftcivic Vol. XVIII. 5N cvcry*'11*'

4i 8

A.D. 1797.Chap. 33.

Mvtilcfs in citifs or fu^burbs, to ifie hours notice of weui.vj, m otb r parts /<S hours no-2 ua;

'fnnultrrs to beijin to ivet within 3 hours of tune ment5-cru-d, or give fiCtv notices;

corn to be covered with tvucr jo hours

20). penalrv in .107 of said c.f-.

The thirty-feveath Year of George III.

every other offence, five pounds, to be levied by distress and saie of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of the said jni-tice.

XXVI. And be it gna&ed, That every maltster, or maker of malt, whose.malt-hmife or malt-houses shall be situated in a city, or the Aiburbs of a city, or in any market-town, shall at lead twenty-four hours before lie or flic shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give, or catife to be given to the gauger of the walk in which fitch mait-house shall he situated, a notice in writing of the particular hour, or time of the day when he or she intends to wet corn or grain to be made into malt, and every maltster or maker of malt,-whole malt-house or malt-houses shall not be situated in any city, or the suburbs of a city, or in any market-town, shall at lea ft forty-eight hours before he or she shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into mait, give, ov catife to be given the like notice in writing; and in case any inch maltster, or maker of malt, shall not begin to wet his or her corn or grain, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water, at the hour or time mentioned in Inch notice, or within three hours after the expiration of such hour and time, then every such maltster, or maker of mail, Audi he obliged to give a new and like notice before lie or flie Audi begin to wet any corn or grain; and that no maltster or maker of malt shall begin to wet any corn or grain making into mait, except between the hours of four in the morning, and nine in the evening; and in calc any maltster, or maker of mait, shall neglect or refute to give Inch notice, cr having given a notice which shall so become void, shall neglect or refute to give a like notice, or having given such notice or notices, and begun to wet any corn ur grain in-puriiiancs thereof, shall neglect, or rclufc immediately to cover the whole thereof with water, and to continue the fame so covered for the foil (pace of forty hours front its being first wetted and covered, or shall begin to wet any corn or grain at any other time than between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening, or if any mahiler, or maker of malt, after the officer ili.,1! have taken an account of the corn or grain deeping in the cittern or Ul fog-vat, or other wetting-place, or utenfd, shall add irdh corn or grain to the corn or grain to fieep-ing, every Inch malt Her, or maker of malt, offending in any of the said cases, shall for every inch offence resptclively, forfeit the flint of twenty pounds; and if any coin or grain, m-king into malt, of the wetting of which. Inch notice as aforesaid, shall not have been given, shall be found in any mak-heuse, or cn any floor.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 419

kiln, or other place belonging to any maltster, or maker of malt, A.D. every such maltster, or maker of malt, for every time such corn 1797* or grain shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVII. And whereas persons making malt, have‘frequently

removed ont of their steeps, ciftevns, or uting-vats, corn or grain making into malt, of the wetting of which due notice hath been given, and replaced the fame with other corn or grain to be made into malt, without having given notice thereof, and have pretended that such Corn hath been corn or grain, of the wetting of which they gave notice, and that it required a length of time to deep the fame sufficiently: for the prevention whereof, be it enacted, That all corn or grain that shall be found in any deep, cif- Com found tern, or uting-vat, after seventy-two hours from the hour menti-J,^’arKr oned in the notice herein before directed, to be given of the wet- from hour in ting of corn or grain to be made into malt, shall be cnnlidcred as be ch.i’rgcl new corn or grain to be made into malt, and be charged with duty "'a

accordingly, and the perl’on making the same into malt, Hull for- forfritej.

leit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVIII. And in order tint the giving of notice of welting ’corn or grain to be made into malt, may be concluded with regularity, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief cominidi- C..mnvlii-'oners of his Majesty's excise to cattle books to be provided, coil- v1V 1> oi- of taining printed forms of notices to be given of wetting corn cr

‘grain to be made into malt, and such notice shall let forth the "number of buthels of corn intended to be wetted, and the particular hour ami time of the clay when the fame is to be wetted, on each leaf of which hook two forms of such notice, duplica'es cf each other, shall be printed; and every maltster or maker of mast "yd-Hers fur-

’ L J . , 11.1I11-: ,v th

who shall he furnished by any revenue officer with any such hook, i‘- vi.b «iu,

(lull every time he or (lie shall intend to give notice ol wetting Jjl", i;','1,

such corn or grain, insert in the blanks in such form of notice and :i'/ '"'J"1"1

in the duplicate thereof, such words as the form of such notice shall noun-, u of.

require to render tire fame perfect, and after signing the lame, shall |kl.',’af";.

cut off the outermost notice, and caulk, the tame to he delivered to p11!-3 . u on i

the 0'fieer to whom the notice of wetting such coni or grain is tv) 1 e

given, and preserve the inner moll notice or duplicate in the said

book, with the blanks filled up in like manner with that delivered

to such officer, and every fu:h notice and duplicate thereof shall "'C!‘n-1

liu, l e 'll

be numbered in arithmetical progrefti in, beginning at mtm'i.r i.uun.q

one; and if any corn or grain miking into malt, shall he found in if ctJri, any malt-house, or in any vessel or utensil therein, the notice ol wetting of'which shall not have been cut out or the said boo:, and i < u ;:- cu:

° . T^lllbAt,

served

and served,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

served on the officer of excise; or if the same shall be cut out of the said book, and so served, and a duplicate thereof shall not be kept in the said book, or if the duplicate thereof in the said book shall not correspond with the notice cut off the fame, then and in W-'^or'if any °*' ca^si fuc' corn or Sraln shall be deemed to be corn dnp'k.iicdocs or grain making into malt wetted without notice.; and the maltster

not co: ref-pond, it fit dl be deemed wetted witlt-out notice} penalty in all said cases 20l.

Cooks of notices to be kept in malt* houses, and produced to officers on demand penalty 20l.

Cook:of notices and duplicates to be i;tven cjn trlerly to

culleftors, pci.alty 10l.

or maker of malt in whose malt-house the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every such maltster or maker of malt, shall constantly keep such book of notices in his, her, or their malt-house, for the examination of every officer of exeil'c, and if on demand of any officer of excise, at the malt-house of such maltster or maker of malt, the said book shall not be produced to such officer, or if such officer shall not be permitted, or shall be prevented by any personto inspect and examine the fame, facti maltster or maker of malt, shall fur every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXX. And be it enacted, That every maltster or maker of malt, who shall be furnished with such bool: of printed notices as aforesaid, shall 'on every twenty-fifth day of March, twer.'y-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of JXcember, or within ten days after each of the said

malt-house shall be situated, the said hook, with all the forms of the notices therein; and also the duplicates of all such notices as shall have been cut from the said hook, and served as aforesaid, or ill default thereof, shall for every neglect, forfeit the film of ten pounds.

XXXI. And whereas it is necessary for the collection of the bePCut u 1 duties on ma^i that papers called specimen papers, shall be put up malt-lioufcj, and preferred in every malt-house, in order that the officers of the revenue, whose duty It is to visit lueli malt-house, ff.ould enter on such paper, their visits at such mjdt-houses respectively, and the gauges depending on such visits; be it enacted, That every maltster or maker of malt for fills, who shall be furnifl.ed by any officer of the revenue, with any such specimcn paper, shall catile the same to be fixed or bounds conveniently made for that purpot’e, and shall cause such specimcn paper so fixed, to be hung or put lip in his or her malt-house, in the most public and conspicuous place, and preserve and keep the fame so put up, in such manner, that any officer of the revenue visiting such malt-house, may view the lame, and make entries thereon: and if any such maltster or maker oi

malt,

Specimen

ninl ft’rs fir-ntlu'.l uiilt rp(?cim',n ;u-j-lts IImII lix ‘ litem on l-i\tr.b, for eft*-*-' to tnakr entries, pcmiity 10l.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. ' 42 r

malt, shall not put up or keep ami preserve such specimen- paper A.D. in manner herein clirccleel, unavoidable accidents excepted, he or T 797* she shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every maltster, or maker of accid.ua«.

malt, shall, before he or flic shall serve any notice of his or her of

intention to wet any corn or strain, to be made into malt, insert M"t

J b > > times of

in writing in the said specimen paper, the date of fuel.- notice, and nesting, so-

r . , be inff: ted in

the particular time mentioned therein ror wetting the corn or fpCC*,mi.n pA. grain, together with the quantity thereof, to be wetted, or in de- jj®'* fault thereof, the corn or grain, of the notice of wetting of which, 20l. such entry as aforesaid, shall not he inserted in the said specimen paper, shall be deemed corn, or grain wetted, to be made into’ malt without notice, and the maltster, or maker of malt, in whose malt-house the same shall be found, shall forfeit the fuin of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every maker of malt for sale. The mss and every common brewer and difliller making malt, shall, every for cvcrv",'. time he or she shall wet any corn or grain, (except peas or beans))

to be made into malt, he charged with duty, for not left than at *c- ImU. the rate of fsxteen bushels, for every twenty bushels of corn, which Sd cachwe? the uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel, in which such corn shall bfc "^more wetted, shall be capable of containing, and for as much more com m shall be put as shall be put into such uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel, over and above sixteen bushels for every such twenty.

XXXIV. Provided always, That such maltster, shall once a: At s»h.u

month, or once in every five times, in which he shall wet com

or grain, to be made- into malt, upon giving notice to the gauger a quantity of

i . ._. - t corn J<ls than

of the walk, and also to the surveyor of the iurvey, in which his jths of ‘ malt-house is firuated, of the particular quantity which he means to wet, be at liberty to wet a quantity less than four-fifths of the contents of his cistern: provided also, if such corn shall not con- ;ffuchcorn tinue covered with water in the cistern, uting-vat,- or other vessel, fer the full space of forty hours, before the water shall be drawn water, doty from the same, every such person making malt, shall he charged la with duty for such quantity of corn, as such uting-vat, cistern, or conI=nI-ether vessel, shall be capable of containing.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every maltster, or maker of Makers of

malt for sale, and every brewer and distilicr making malt, shall, ’

between the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, and ycarh> t,! twenty-ninth day of September, following, be charged with, and every ioo pay duty of excxfe for a quantity of malt, after the rate of twenty-.

four barrels for every one hundred square feet, of working or drying Honrs, drying floor, or floors which each malt-house, for which- he or much more

Vol. XVIHi' 50 they make

422 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

file shall have taken out such license as aforesaid, shall contain. *797- and so in proportion for any greater quantity, and for as much more malt as such mahfter, brewer, or distiller, thall make within what Dial) be the said period; and if such mahfter, brewer, or distiller, shall «"not within the time aforesaid, actually wet so much corn or grain, quantt-^of to mac^e into malt, as’shall lie equal to the quantity aforesaid, com.shall the officer of excise, shall on the twenty-ninth day of September, within said in-every year,- make a return to the collector of the distiifl, of all !,mc; such quantity of malt, and of the duties thereon, as with the

quantity comprized in the former returns of malt made by such-maltster, brewer, or distiller, during the said period, shall amount to the full quantities for which such maltster, brewer, or distiller, dbring the said period,- ought by law to be charged with duty, in respect of his or her several working or drying floors, after the rate aforesaid, and such return shall he a charge on such maltster, brewer, or distiller, in the same manner, as any return of malt made by any maltster, brewer, or distiller, is now by law made a maltilers. charge, and every such maltster, brewer and distiller, shall be to'hwcmadc deemed to'have made the quantities expressed in such return in tjuanmics the month,-for which such return shall be made, and shall pay officers’ rc- thfc duties appearing- by such return, to have incurred at- such time, tb^ay duty as by law any maltster is required to pay the duties comprized accordingly; n any return of malt made by him or her, or in default pmaity aoi- forfe;t the fUm of twenty pounds for every such de-

fault.

XXX-VI. And be it enacted,- That out of every twenty buftiels, charged by any' officer' upon his gauge, an allowance of four bushels Cialhlie made to the maker of such'malt charged in the liting-vatj cistern,- or other vessel, wherein the same shall be found-wetting, or steeping, as aforesaid, or upon the floor, within thirty hours after the same shall be thrown- out of the uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel, and out of every greater or- less quantity, a proportionable allowance shall be made, in consideration- of the difference between’ the quantity of such corn when- it- is wet, and the quantity thereof, when' ir is converted into dry malt, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.-

XXXVII. Provided always, That if any maltster,- or maker of malt, shall not wet or steep- his or her barley, or- other corn or grain hr the cistern, uting-vat, or other vessel, so as the same shall be covered with water, and continue so covered in such cistern, for the full space of forty hours, before lie shall draw the water from- the fame-,- such maltster, or maker of malt, shall- not be entitled to the allowance aforesaid.

bufltcls out of every ao charged within 30-hours after being.thrown out of vat, ire. shall he allowed for difference between wet and dry.

No allowance if corn be not 40 hours in Seep.

If com bo not put on the Jciht

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any corn or grain, malt- A. Di lag into malt, shall not, immediately after the same shall be thrown 1707-out of any deep orciftern, be put into a couch-frame, and there ^!RP 33-remain thirty hours at lead, or if such corn or grain be put on com the kiln, before the same shall have remained on the floor or floors,.tl'vn out

or itcep to

for the fall space of ten days, from the aforesaid time it ought to remain 30 remain in the conch-frame, then and in either of the said cases, couc’.i frame, the nialrfler, or maker of malt, in whose malt-house liich corn or grain (Itall not have remained the aforesaid respective times-'«h)-s'-hi the couch-frame, or on- the floor or floors, shall for every time such corn or grain shall not so remain, forfeit the sum. of five pounds.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any corn, or grain making, into malt, shall not have been put on the kiln within twenty-four days from the day such corn or grain was wetted, or from the-within 14 day which shall-be mentioned in the notice for the wetting thereof, tiding'd<<-all such corn or grain, shall be considered as new corn- or grain. making into malt, and the maltster or maker of malt, in whose g, and 20:;. malt-hcufc the same shall be found, shall be charged with, duty for "r‘‘l the fame, after the rate of sixteen bushels for every twenty-five bushels-the fame shall amount to, and such-corn, shall- be- deemed to be wetted without notice, and-such-maltster, or maker of malt, shall- forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XL. And be it enacted, That out of every twenty bushels of j buffiel-corn, or grain making into malt, which shall be charged by any ofemy^o-officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall be taken on. SS"S^ wUh' the floor, within the space of seventy-two horns after the time after corn" such corn or grain was, or- ought to have been thrown out of the out of couch, couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding five bushels shall beframe made, and out of every twenty-one bushels of such corn- or grain, which shall be charged by any officer of excise upon his gauge, if of every 21 such gauge shall- be taken on the floor, after the space of seventy- f,ujwuf1"' two hours, and within the space of one hundred and twenty hours, after the time such corn or grain was, or ought to have been thrown out of the couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding seven bushels shall be made, and out of every twenty bushels of such corn or grain, which shall be charged by any officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall be taken on the floor, after the space of one hundred and twenty hours, from the time I0 badici. such corn or grain was, or ought to have been thrown, out of the

couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding ten bushels, shall be when ganged-, after 12c

made.- . hoars.

s*0 1

and within 120

lol penal, ty for tread- . ing or pressing malt in citterns. &c.

30l. penalty on iifing means to prevent officer from measuring depth of corn, in steep.

tol. penal.

ty on mixing grain of one wetting with another, before put on the kiln, or mixing un-malted grain with malt, or felling such, '

M.tltllers who hide or convey malt from vie.v oI ganger

nr corvey any Ilecping from wetting

or mix Such with o:her coin making into malt, ami gauged;

or convey away deep-ing, lo that no gangc can be taken

The thirty-feQenth Year of George III.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any maltster, or maker of malt, shall tread, press, or otherwise force, together in the cittern, uting-vat, or couch-frame, any corn steeping or steeped, in order to be made into malt, ever)' such maltster, or maker of malt, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any device or means shall l« used, by which any such officer shall or may be prevented from measuring the true depth of corn in any steep, cistern, or other utensil belonging to any malt-house, or in any part of such steep, cistern, or utensil, the maltster, or maker of malt, in whose malt-house such device or means shall have been used, shall for every time the same shall have been practised, forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no maltster, or maker of malt, shall mix, or cause to be mixed, his or her corn or grain of one wetting or steeping, or any part thereof, with his or her corn, or grain making into malt of a former wetting 01 steeping, or any part thereof, or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any- of his or her couches or floors, or any part thereof, with any corn, or grain of a former wetting or steeping, or any part thereof, before the same shall be put on the kiln for drying, and that no maltster, or maker of malt, or oilier person whatsoever, shall' mix, or cause to lie mixed, any unmalted corn or grain with malt made of any corn or grain whatsoever, or shall fell, or expose to sale, any such mixtures respectively, as aforofsid, on pain of forfeiting in every such case the sum of ten pounds, for every such offence respectively.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That, if any maltster^ or maker of mal(, or other person, shall hide or conceal, or cause, or permit, or fatter to be hidden or concealed, any malt within his, her, or their maldionle, or in.any (tore thereto belonging, or shall fraudulently convey away, or cause, 01 permit, or fuller to be conveyed away, malt out of his or her, or their mnlthouses, or stores, from tile view, of any gauger, or other- officer, or cattle, or procure or- permit, or fiifftr, to be conveyed away from the cittern, or utii g-vat, or other wetting place, or Htenfit, any steeping, or part of any steeping of corn, cr grain making into malt, or shall mix ft ch-.corn or grain making,into malt, orfueh corn or grain so conveyed away, with or amongst any-couch, or couches, floor, or floois, of other, corn, or grain making into malt, which are then in operation, and which, shall have, been gauged or charged with duty, or if any maltster, or maker of malt, shall fraudulently, convey away, or cause or procure, or permit, or suffer to he conveyed away from the cistern, uting-vat, or other wetting place, a any

The thirty-fe^enth Year of George III. 4^5

My steeping, or part of any steeping of corn or gr.nn making into A. X). malt, so that no gauge of such corn or grain so conveyer! a way '797* can be taken by the'officer; ami if any person M ail harbour, if.’e or conceal any malt or corn, or grain malting'into malt, then 'd puyns ami in each of the said cases, every such maltster, or maker of mail, &c. rndt, or other person so offending, shall for every such offence respectivaly forfeit the funvof forty pounds; and all such malt, or com, or grain making into malt, with all hags and sacks con- :o>. and ali taining the fame, shall be forfeited, and may he seized; and if ’ any person having malt in his or her possession, shall not on de- the like pc-mancl made of any such officer, as aforesaid, shew all the malt or " corn, or grain making into malt, in his or her possession, every X^orcom 'such person shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds for every time lie '" iking into shall so conceal or not drew such malt or corn, or grain making into malt, and all malt or corn or grain making into malt, which shall not be so shewn, or shall be tfo concealed, shall he forfeited and may be seized.

XLV. And be enacted, That if after the duty on any malt shall tvira have been paid by, or charged on any maltster, or maker of inalt, wi!ic’h duty or other person having malt in his or their possession, any ‘quan-tity of such malt, shall by inevitable accident happen to be dama- Audi b'( ged or destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective "royd.Tnd proprietors of such malt, to make such proof thereof, on the oath fhr"°f0£fo° of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the principal muciwluty^ officer of excise, in the rel'pective districts where such malt was odor paid m damaged or destroyed, which oath every such officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and upon such proof, or other proof being made to the farisfailion of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and like proof that the malt was entirely lost or destroyed, or so damaged as to be totally unfit for use, and that the duty thereof was charged or paid, as the case shall be, it shall and may he lawful for them to pay or allow to the proprietor, or proprietors of such malt, out of any money in the hands of any collector, not appropriated to any particular purpose, so much money as shall have been charged or paid for the duty of the malt so lost or destroyed, or damaged, or to vacate the charge as to so much of tire duties as shall have been charged only and not paid.

XLVI. Provided always, That all malt not entirely lost or destroyed, but only damaged as aforesaid, shall before such payment or allowance by the commissioners, be destroyed or otherwise difi- ofty cam-poled of, by rder of the said commissioners. forepaymtm

Vet. XVIII. 5 P XI.VII, Provided

426 'The thirty sevent b Year of George III.

A.D.

XLVII. Provided also, That if any person shall defraud M;

1797* Majesty, his heirs or successors, by receiving from any collector of his Majesty's revenue., any sum of money upon pretence of such loo1, for Jof3 or damage by him sustained, or by having the charge of any ,dS?y i""' duties allowed, or vacated upon any such pretence, where no fuel: fuMd ""j~ loss or damage shall have been sustained, then every such person be forfrinil. shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, for every five pounds which such person shall so fraudulently receive, be allowed for, ,or which such charge shall be vacated, and so ill proportion for any greater or less sum.

All malt XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all malt whatsoever, which 'Kwuf shall he found conveying or carrying by land, or by water, from bc'fblfS anf one Part fl*s kingdom, to any other part thereof, or on with ait car. any carriage or beast, or on board any boat or other vessel, and all 3m! sacks ,or bags containing die fame, together with the carriage or iljo.ais, itc. draftj and ai| tackle thereunto belonging, and the horse or bead drawing the fame, or carrying such malt, shall be forfeited; and in case of conveyance by water, the ship, boat, or other veil'd, conveying or containing the fame, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel, shall also be forfeited, unless a permit for the conveyance of such malt, under the hand of the proper officer, shall t on demand of any officer of excise, be produced for the fame; and tCaimen. maf- that every porter or carman, or mailer or person having charge of f!"’,forte cart, carriage or bead, ship, boat or other vessel, carrying, con-'Unprisonei! 'vc)’‘nSi or containing such malt, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, shall fuller three months imprisonment.

What that!

XLIX. And be it enacted, That every permit for conveying of

he inserted malt, shall contain the real name and surname, or names and fur-permits. JlamcS) and place of abode of the person or persons fending such malt, and of the person or persons to whom the same shall be fenr, and the true quantity thereof, and the real name and surname of the person who made such malt, and was charged with the duty thereof, and the time when the duty which had been charged thereon was paid, and shall specify the time it shall be in force, and also shall contain such other particulars, as shall be directed permits with &°m A1116 to t‘mes ty t*le commissioners of the revenue; and alterations every permit in which there shall he any erasure or alteration, shall

therein dull , /

be void. be null and void,

where L. And be it enacted, That if any person shall procure a per-procured ud n't ^or ^ie removal of malt, to any person, and such malt shall mail not not be brought from the person or place expressed in the permit, cordingty," pr shall not la.* delivered to such person at the place expressed in

such

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

such permit, to -which the malt is to be conveyed, every such permit shall be void, and every person procuring such permit, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every barrel of malt mentioned in such permit.

LL. And be it enacted, That if the quantity of malt conveying by virtue of any permit produced to protect the fame, shall exceed the quantity expressed in such permit, by a greater proportion than after the rate of one barrel for every twenty barrels which shall be so expressed in such permit, the whole quantity so conveying, together with the sacks and bags containing the lame, shall be forfeited and seized.

LII. And be it enacted, That no officer of the revenue shall grant any permit for the removal of any malt, from the malt-house or stores of any maltster or maker of malt, unless such ma'lt-ller or maker of malt, shall produce to such Officer, the receipt of the collector of the district in which such malt shall have been made, for the duty of such malt, or a certificate of the collector that such maltster hath executed such bond as herein before mentioned, for securing the duties of malt made by him or her, nor unless such maltster or maker of malt, shall permit such officer to endorse on such receipt, the quantity of malt for which such permit is required, and the date of such permit, and every such officer is hereby required to make such cndorfeinent accordingly,

LIII. And whereas from the custom of millers retaining a certain portion or toll of malt sent to be ground at their mills, as a compensation for grinding malt, the payment of the duty for the fame, cannot be ascertained in the same manner, as other malt, and it is reasonable to provide for the protediion thereof; be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue, authorized to grant permits lot the removal of malt, to grant permits for the removal of any such toll-malt, from any mill, such permit expressing that such malt is toll-malt, and the mill at which it was taken; provided that the miller requiring such permit, or his principal servant or manager in such mill, shall make oath, which oath any such officer is hereby directed and empowered to administer, that the whole of the malt for which such permit is demanded, consists of malt taken as toll, far grinding malt at such mill, and that the several parcels of malt, from which such toll-malt was taken, was brought to such mill, by virtue of regular permits granted for that purpose; and every such permit shall be as effectual for any purpose for which a permit is necessary, as any permit for any other malt; and no malt at any mill, shall be liable to seizure, on account of a permit for 5 P 2 the

permits shall be void, and ion p;r bai-»d forfeited.

When ma!t exceed* qu.ituiiy in p.-mw, by more than t barrel in 20. it Ih.tJi be forfeited.

Collectofr receipts or certificates to b.* pro. doted to officers before they grant permits, oin\ hit h they arc lo tndorfc thcqurnii’ tics.

Permits maybegrant* cd for toll-malt from mills on oath being made as here-in, and such malt shall not be liable to fdzure, dec.

418 ¥he t'hirtj-seventh Year of George III.

A- D. the fame not being produced on demand thereof, by any office;

1797- of the revenue; provided that the miller, or his principal fervjnt or manager at such mill, shall make -such proof upon oath as aforesaid.

Packages

LIV. And be it enacted, That if ar.y' malt exceeding in the ending?" whole, the quantity of fix Hones, shall be conveyed by land or by Copes tha t water, from place to place, within this kingdom, or-thail be icund

be mack <1 as ’ I r ’ T

herein, with >on any carriage or bead, or on board any boat or other vessel, and "mi" or that there shall not be marked on the outside of every feck or ether surfaced. package containing fuclt malt, on both fides thereof, and at or near the middle of such fecks, or other packages, the word, Malt, in black roman letters, :not less than three inches in -length, or i;' any part of any such feck or package, on which the word Malt shall be so damped and marked, or if the uppennoft feck or package -where there shall he more fecks or packages than one, on lbe fame carriage, or in the same boat or vessel, shall not be p'.coed so as to appear in public view, -without altering the pofiti a of such lack or other package, then and in -every such case, all such malt, with the fecks or packages containing the -fame, and also the Ibcaft and carriage, or boat or vessel containing, carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all tackle thereto respectively belonging, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

LV. And be it enacted, That in all cases where by law a permit for carrying malt from one place to another is required, and suclt permit shall be issued or taken out, the owner or other perfor.

'Permits to be lodflf.l with fnrvcy-

or in 24.

bmvab 0/48 or persons to whom such malt shall be fold, consigned or sent, daj- Chrifi-" elthct within twenty-four -hours, or in case a Sunday, Christ-nws Day." mas Day., or Good Friday, shall intervene, then in forty-eight intervene"; hotirs after the arrival of such malt, at the place to which it shall ;have been sent or directed, or within twcniy-foui hours, or forty-,eight hours respectively., as the case shall happen, as aforesaid, after the expiration of the time limited in such permit, repair to the surveyor, or other officer of excise, at such place, with such officers to' permit, and lodge the same with him, and such surveyor, or other SPpcrmb? officer of excise, shall thereupon repair to the place where such swear owners majt shall then ]je an(j (stall then and there compare the same with

to identity of ' 7 1

the contents of such permit, and shall take such permit from the owner or other pevfon having charge of the same, and upon oath made by the person or persons to whom such malt shall have been sent, which oath such surveyor, gauger, or gaugers, are hereby respectively authorized to administer, that the malt mentioned in such permit, was really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, by virtue and in pursuance thereof, such 3 surveyor

malt, and give certin-cai?s in lieu ofjiermiw*

The thirty-fever.th Year of George III. 4'jg.

nirveyor or gauger shall, without fee or reward, forthwith give A.D. to die person lo bringing such permit, a certificate signed by such 17l>7’ officer, that such permit was lodged with him, which certificate Chap. 33. shall contain a copy of fu:h permit, without crasure or interlinea- don, and the day of granting such certificate, and which certificate shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be of the lame effect, as Inch permit for every purpose for which Rich permit inighr be used, had not the fame been lodged with Inch officer in manner herein directxd.

I.VI. And be it enacted, That if any malt he found in the possession of any person or persons, after the (pace of twenty-four sfonf.si.l, hours, or forty-eight hours rcl'peotively, as atbrelaid, from the certificate, arrival of such malt, and from the expiration of the time limited fers

fsltsil.

in the permit, by which such malt was conveyed, the lame shall be forfeited, unlcl's such person shall have obtained, and shall produce such certificate as is herein before directed, and that it shall and may be lawful for any olheer of his Majesty's revenue, to seize such malt, together with the lacks in which the same shall be contained.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for oHicsn any officer of the revenue, entering pursuant to the provisions herein contained, into the houses, out-houses, mills, store-houses, cmiric=t-!, or other places whatsoever, herein mentioned, to demand a permitj smlt'is mads:, ligned by the proper officer, for all malt that shall be found therein, except such malt as thall he made by the maltster or maker of Prn',f "u'i"

in It Inch

malt, in whose public or licenicd stores the same shall be found|were granted

and if on demand made by such officer as aforesaid, no permit m," J j7J:.

for such malt fiirncd as by tins aft is diresSed, or such certificate 1x1 "ml

° ' per barrel

thereof, attested by the proper officer, shall be produced within a forfeited, reasonable time after such demand, unless proof shall be made to such officer, that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such malt shall be deemed and taken to he unlawfully made, and shall be forfeited as such, together with the sacks in which the same shall be . contained, and the fame may be seized, and every person in whose possession any malt shall be found, without such permit or certificate, and without such proof made as aforesaid, shall for every barrel, of such malt so found in his or her possession, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every brewer and distiller who Bre ven shall make malt, shall keep in his or her stores, all malt made by "tre? male

him or her, separate and distinct from malt made by any other m;ldc,by

r 11 tlscmfdvcs

person, to the end that the officers of tpe revenue may be the fcjnrac from

You XVIII. 5 better

43°' thirty-/eventh Year of George III. A.D. 1797.

Chap.33.

malt made by others, IV nalty 2d.

Drcv/ers and distillers to obtain permit*- for removing malt from kilns, or oilier places, to br-.wers or dilliilers;

(id. for each permit,) if permits or certificates be nut produced, or proof made that they_U'crcloll, such malt shall be fbrleited, and . jol.

t such permits It* be defiver-*d to i.iTuers v.jtt.jn 24 li.-'ors. penalty aoI.

Odic vs to keep iccoums with malt factors, brewers and distillers, who shall give accounts to col-fetlors, of all stores, kc, before they receive malt,

milt llorcs to be numbered and painted,

if more than 2 barrels be found in any rtore net in account, or not painted

better enabled to keep the accounts of each /lock, and to gram permits for the fame, and that every bretver or difliller, in whole (lores any malt made by him or her, shall be found mixed with any malt made by any other person, or not kept separate and tiii-tindl, shall for every time such malt shall he so found, forfeit tile fuin of twenty pounds.

LIX. And be it enacted, That every brev.-er or'difliller, who shall remove any <piamity of malt from any kiln, lionfe, (lore, or other place belonging to him, into his or ltcr brewery or diliillery, shall obtain a permit, signed by the proper oflietr for such removal, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or dil-tiller, or purchased from any other perfor.; and rbrevery such permit the Ann of one penny, and no more, shall he paid; and if any quantity of malt, ground or ungroimd, whether the fame dull he made by such brewer or difliller, or purchased from another person, and whether in a bate of manufacturing into beer, ale, or spirlts or not, shall he found in any brewery or diliillery, and such permit signed by the proper officer Air removing the fame into such brewery or distillery, shall not, on demand of any officer of e.xcise, or within a reasonable time after such demand be produced, Or proof nude to such officer, that such permit had been granted, and that the fame was afterwards loft or millaid, all such malt shall he considered as malt which had not paid duty, and (Hall be forfeited, and the pel lon in whole polfclTion it shall be found, shall forfeit the Aim of forty pounds; ami every such permit shall be delivered to the officer of excise, within twenty-four hours after the time for' which the same shall be of force, or the brewer Of distiller not so delivering the fame, shall forfeit for every neglect, twenty pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That from and" after the first day c: June, one tlioufind seven hundred and ninety-Aven, an account shall he taken, and kept by the officers of excise of t lie (lock ot malt of every fadlor', and other person dealing in or (Wing mair, and of every brewer and dilliiler, and that every such person Ilia!, before he shall receive any malt into his poll! (lion, give an account ill writing, to the col'leitor of the (liftridl in which he shall rciide, of all (lores or places intended to he tiled by him for keeping or storing malt, and a description o( the situation thereof, and shall cause to be painted with an oil colour, in black or white, on the do or of every such place, in letters and figures at lead three inches high, the word " malt (lore," and the number thereof; and if any malt exceeding the quantity of two barrels, shall be found in any (lore of any such person, as aforesaid, of which Inch an account,

as

The :hirty-/jvei:o Year of George III.

ii aforesaid, shall not have been given, or upon the door of which letters and figures, as aforesaid, shall not have been painted; all malt found in any such (lores shall he forfeited, and may he seized, and the person in whole (lores the same shall be found,

shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

I,

XI. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise shall keep hooks, in which an account of all malt permitted to any dealer, Imp ac-_ and an account of all permits for the removal of malt from such pmuicfior dealer in malt shall he entered, and whenever any greater quantity '‘j11,.

of malt shall be found in the possession of any dealer in malt, anil nil found than by such entries, fitch dealer in malt ough.t to have in his or exceedin'" her possession, all such increased quantity shall he forfeited, and he seized by any officer of excite, and the person in whose possession forfuimH, and the fame shall be found, shall forfeit for every barrel thereof ten ’’'r

Ihiliings.

LXII. And for the keep an account of the flock of malt of factors, and other persons m.d: i<" fur-

better enabling of the oflicers of excilc to , *’rrl,y

° UC.lItt!" '

dealing in and storing malt, and of brewers and distillers, be it enacted, That if any such person, as aforesaid, shall not on demand jr, J fl,ovcls-

’ J % 1 ’ # once a month

of any officer of cxclfe, not oftener than once in any month, if required, furnish such officer with a fuflicienr number of persons provided Idr'gau'jug' with (hovels, or other sufficient instruments for levelling the malt z01-therein, and cause them to level the fame, so as to enable the oflicers to take a correct gauge thereof, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That in every case where the flock |, (orfi^led of malt in the stores of any maltster, factor, or dealer in malt, for every brewer or difliller, shall be l'efs than the quantity of malt which deficient "f " by the flock account kept by such officer of the malt of such person or persons, he, she, or they ought to have in ivis, her, or *°efe. their (lores, every such person for every time such decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the sum of fifteen (killings for every barrel which shall be deficient of the quantity which by the flock-book or account kept by inch officer, such uultfler or dealer in malt, brewer or difliller ought to have in his, her, or their possession.

I.XIV. And be it enadle.l, That it shall not he lawful to make N'o wheat malt of wheat or oats, and that all wheat and oats making into nahcd.'or*

m.iir, and all malted wheat and onis mixed or unmixed, with

malt, penal-

any other corn or grain ground or imground shall be forfeited, ty io>. per and may be seized by any justice of the peace, or any officer of anfiKhtor-his Majesty's revenue, and the person or persons in whole custody die fame shall be found, shall forfeit ten shillings for every barrel «nr,d dif-

/-v r tiller.

5 Qj2

432 The thirty-fever.th Year of George III.

A.D.

so found, which shall he given to the informer or prosecutor, and ,797‘ the malt so fcize(l shall he sold to a licensed dilliller, and no other person.

Money

LXV. Provided always, That tlvc monies arising by the file' of

fjloof mal any malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, and of the lack;

&c. feraej, ;n w[jich the same shall be contained, which by any of the provili-ln ill gu to_' , 1

officers, dc. ons of this adtr shall be forfeited, shall go to the officers rclpcc-mi tively, who shall have seized the fame, deducting for the use of

P=r barrel. ]gls Majesty, his heirs and successors thereout, two shillings an 1 six pence for every barrel so forfeited over and above the duty chargeable thereon, any thing herein contained to the contnuv notwithstanding.

Ail lines,

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, wili^prot’ided penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than ami ux-

for, may be cem pUJ]i as are ]3y tljis ad otherwise provided for, shall and may recovered as 1 ' t ‘

by 14 and ij be filed for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and

Kk/remcdy form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are preferihad, directed, and appointed, in and ir, an act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth ant fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the fcccmi, entitled, An ail fur the settling of the excise or new impojl upon !/; Majesty, bit heirs andficccjfers, according to the booh of rales therein inserted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of cxeife, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructior.s, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and cx-prdied, and re-enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal; to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or thcinlclvcs aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excile, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excite is provided.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to lie of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

oj ;ippe.tl.

In force to 2 j. June, 179'i.mnl 01(1 or next fclliuu.

CHAP.

YLe thirty-fevcuth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the better gc-ecrning and managing the Hotise of In-dtt/liy, for the Belief of the Poor in Dublin.

A.D. 1797.

McmV.-rs of corporation to meet after

order the better to conduce to the well-governing and ma- iYumM.-naging of the hmife of industry, under the direction of the corporation for the relief of the poor., in the city of Dublin, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice a.id consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That as soon after the passing of this act, as conveniently may be, publick notice shall be given requiring all members of the said corporation, to meet at the fail! house of industry, in the time therein to he mentioned, to cleft proper persons to be governors cheoO 7 n of the said house; and the members of the said corporation who Avail be then and there assembled, shall choose by ballot, seven '7;» -proper persons members of the said corporation, to be acting governors of the said house, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and (itch seven persons as shall on fuc'n ballot appear to have the greatest number of votes, t 01 >! shall, during the said term, be governors of the said house, and management, they or any three or more of them, shall, during the said term, have the foie ordering, directing, and managing of the said house, and all matters and things relating to or concerning the same.

H.jAnd be it enacted, That yearly and every year, between Governors the lirft and tenth days of April, the said corporation shall in like manner meet and choose by ballot out of the members of the said uve,:" ,ll.,anil

J io*.n April.

corporation, seven proper persons to be governors of the said house for one year, from the first day of May following, and such persons as shall be so elected, or any three or more of them, shall, during such year, have the like foie ordering, directing, and managing of the said house, and all matters and things relating to or concerning the same.

III. And be it enacted, That if any pc-rfon who shall be so elect- If a governor ed, shall for the (pace of one calendar month, be absent from such ^bfent'from meeting of the said governors, as shall be had within such month, unless prevented by sickness or such other eause as shall appear r0nab!e eause, reasonable, to such of the governors as shall attend at such meet- fce'chosen'in ings, such eause to be inserted in the minutes of their proceedings, hn P'-acc-Voi. XVIII. 5 R every

434 Tife thh'ty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

every such person shall be incapable of being a governor for tbs t remainder of the same year, and the corporation shall, from time

_____ to time, as often as it shall so happen, forthwith proceed to elect in

manner aforesaid another member of the said corporation to be a governor of the said house, for the remainder of the said year, in the (lead of the person so rendered incapable of acting as a gover- nor of the said house.

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of Hi, present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Amendment of pitblick Roads, for directing the power of Grand Juries respecting Preferments, and for repealing severa! Laws heretofore made for those Purposes with Respect to Roads through Bogs.

It is necessary to amend public!; road act of last flriiloil.

:i!terr.‘.ion 10 l'c mado in the oath tif mvrlccr>, to er.titk- them to mi in lor niakhi; ru.uk thio;«ii

Grant! juries may|rcfent arrears in borough limns. or unviv, corporate.

WHEREAS it is necessary to amend an act of Parliament made in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the amendment of publick roads, for di-rcdiing the power of grandjuries respecting preferments, and for repealing fveral laws heretofore made for those purposes, so far as the fame relates to affidavits of overseers of roads through bogs, for accounting for money laid out in making or repairing such roads, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all affidavits required by the said act, to be fwotn by overseers, in order to entitle them to payment for making or repairing any road passing through a trad of hog, iu-stead of the words, " that it is laic and level throughout the whale of the said width for carriages to pals and repass on," the words following shall be inserted; " and that the said perches are made or repaired (as the case may be) through a trad of bog."

11. And whereas by laid recited act, grand juries arc empowered to present any fit ms of money as then were cr at any time thereafter llioukl be unpaid or in 'arrear, out of any haiony or half-barony, or county of a city or town: And whereas doubts have aiii'en whether such provisions extends to borough towns, cr towns corporate, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any grand jury to present any linns of money which now are, or hereafter shall be in arrear, out of any borough town or town corporate,

The thirlj-fe’Qcnth Year of George III. 435

in like manner, and subject to the same rules and regulations as A.D. are by laid aft prescribed with respect to the recovery of ar- 1797-rears, out of baronies or half-baiouies, counties of cities or towns.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to prevent the vexations impounding of Cattle for Tref pajs or Damage- Feafant, and for the more effectual pres of Mean and Fences.

WHEREAS injuries are frequently sustained by vexatious

1/ V impounding of cattle for trespass or damage-fcafant, for the remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament allem-bled, and by the authority of the same, That whenever any cattle, wi.cn cathead or beads, shall be didrained for trespass or damage-fcafant, it shall and may-be lawful for any j 11 dice of the peace redding in trespassor the parish where such didrefs shall be taken, or in any paridi itn- fant.ateft-mediately adjoining thereto, upon complaint being made thereof, jj,1"'^mon to summo'n within twenty-four hours the parties concerned before Par'ics 'vitll‘n

J 1 , 24 hours,

him, and to require each party to name one land-holder rchding in wiioM

such parish, or in some parish immediately adjoining thereto, asar-

bitrators to appraise and value the damage done, and such arbitrators,

or one of them, in case the other shall refuse to concur in twenty-

four hours, may name any third person as umpire, which person Jrbj,[ors to

lb appointed, shall proceed to value the damage done, and shall

make a true award according to the bed of their flcill and judgment certify to juf-

upon oath, which oath such judice is authorized and required to Sffoeanorfcr

administer, and shall certify the lame under their hands to such juf- |° P0":|J',

> ' keeper to tic*

tice of the peace, who, upon receipt of such certificate, shall ifliic liver cattle on an order under his hand and seal to the pound-keeper, or other 'and* person in whole custody such cattle, bead or heads, may be, to lcc‘-deliver the same to the owner upon being paid the sum so awarded, together with the usual fees which such pound-keeper is by law or cuRoin entitled to demand.

11. Provided always, That if the parties concerned shall agree to irp.iniCs appoint one land-holder, as aforesaitl, as arbitrator to value the da-maire done, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace j"iti« may

° 4 i irri r* malic ori*cr

to make such order, and upon receiving the award of such aibi- on his ward-trjtor, certified under his hand.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person or perform at whole suit Arch distress shall have been taken, shall refuse or nc-gleft to obey such fmr.mons, or to appoint such arbitrator as required, such justice of the peace may proceed to hear the cause it: a summary manner, and may order such cattle, bead or bealls, to be delivered to the owner, paying the pound-keeper the uIim! and accudomed fees.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any pound-keeper,

436

A.D.

/797-Chap. 16.

If person who c.tufes dillrcte lie* jjlcfts to obey jummous.or to appoint arbitrator, juf-

tice mav pro- n

ccedfumma- other person in whole custody such cattle, ben!) or hsafts ll-.all be,

lily, &c. as herein.

Pound-keeper refuting to obey justice’s order shall forfeit yl. to county infirmary.

Owners of swine impounded for trespass or damago-fca-fam, without rings in their

notes, flinll

pay treble the

damages

awarded.

Justice not to issue such order if cnitlc > are dlflrained tnascertain title to hind.

shall refuse or neglect to deliver up such cattle, bead or beads, upon being served with such order, and being tendred the linn therein specified, together with the usual fees, be, die, or they, shall for every such offence forfeit the fuin of five pounds, it. be levied by didrefs and sale of his, her, or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the county in which such offence shall be committed, for the life of the county infirmary.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any fwinc, not having an iron ring or daple in the nofc, shall be impounded for trespass Oi damage-fcafant, the person or persons owning such fwinc shall be liable to pay treble the value of the damage done by such l’wine, Which the aforesaid arbitrators, or arbitrators and umpire, as the case shall happen, shall award accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize or impower any justice of the peace to issue any order, as aforesaid, if it shall appear that such cattle, bead or beads, were dif-traineJ for the purpoi’e of ascertaining the title to any land or lands.

When complaint i% made to a justice of the itil’uliici-ency of fences, he may luinmon the patties to appoint arbitrators, as before;

VII. And whereas many trespasscs happen in consequence of the insufficiency of mcars and fences of lands; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That il it shall appear to any proprietor, occupier, or tenant of any lands within this kingdom, that the shears and fences between his, her, or their lands, and the lands next adjoining thereto, are insufficient, and that he, flie, or they shall be desirous of repairing the fame, and shall complain thereof to any justice of the peace, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to summon the proprietor or proprietors, occupier or occupiers, tenant or tenants of stich adjoining lands, and to require him, her, or them, with the person or persons so complaining, to appoint arbitrators, as aforesaid, (and such arbitrators, or one of them, in case the other shall refuse to concur

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III. 437

la twenty-four hours, may appoint an umpire) to ascertain the hate A.D.

of i'uch shears and fences, which arbitrators and umpire, respect 1797*

tively, shall be sworn to do justice between the parties to the bed of their (kill and judgment (which oath fticli justice of the peace is hcrel-y authorized to administer); and if such persons so appoint- if fences ate cd, shall find that such fences arc insufficient, they shall also estimate aXua'o'is’ what sum of money will be necessary efTrdually to repair the fame, c

and also what proportion thereof ought to lie paid by each party, profonion*; respectively, and they shall certify the same to such justice, who toj, V-

upon the receipt of such certificate may issue an order to each party aJjofder

to repair such shears and fences, stating in such order the propor- accordingly; tion of expence that each party is to be at in repairing the fame; and if either party shall refuse, or for the space of three months if eiihcr party neglect to repair his, her, or their proportion of such shears or plfr^rop'or-fences, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the party who shall be willing so to do, to proceed to repair the whole oilier may roof such shears or fences, and the party having refused or neglected, whole, and as aforesaid, shall pay to the person or persons who shall have re- {Jj’JJ

paired the fame, or who shall have caused the same to be repaired, 'ion by tiril ri . r , f bill, as by

such proportion or the expence or repairing them as such arbitra- 361b G.3.

tors shall have certified such person or persons ought to have paid f

towards repairing the fame; to be recovered by civil bill, in man-

ner as directed by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his pre- not exceed

sent Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better and more con- ,l,°] caxnc<Jcd°f*

venient adminifration of justice, and for the recovery of small debts 9J^a Pcjc.h*

in a summary way, at the fcjfwns of the peace of the several conn- charge.

ties at large within the kingdom, except the county of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an act, entitled, An act for the better

execution of the law and preservation of the peace within the counties

at large, with double costs, provided such sum does not exceed in

the whole the sum of ten pounds.; and provided also, that such

sum shall not exceed the rate of nine pence by the perch, for each

and every perch so to be repaired, and that the same shall appear

to have been really and bonafde expended, and to be a just and

reasonable charge.

VIII. And be it enacted, That any person refilling or neglecting to repair such shears and fences as aforesaid, shall have no re- ry trespafa

No reriicJy for involunta-

medy for any involuntary trespass committed by the cattle of the of person's* proprietor, occupier, or tenant of any neighbouring lands, for any '-ho rriufc .-trespass on his, her, or their lands occasioned by his, her, or their pair irc-irs default in mending, preserving, or keeping up his, her, or their uld part of such shears or fences, and the arbitrator or arbitrators, as aforesaid, shall award accordingly.

43°

A.D. 1797-

C^>-

Ttmiinu ai \v:.il, who fi.nU l»j oblig'd to piy lor n-|,ir, of incurs inti lioustiat ii-%

P'.nii fallow* v<i ib.i.u'cinn i;:nt as they prove on oath to have paid, not exceeding iums awarded.

'Nothing herein to avoid cove* nants between landlord and tenant.

Persons aggiieved may appeal to next sessions, where decisions shall be. final.

No fees to magistrates.

The ihivt}-fe-:er.‘.h Year of George III.

IX. And whereas the tenant or ocuiip.ier of Inch lands who shall he obliged by this aci to r_: sir Inch rncars and fences, or to; ay for the fame, may be < r-y tenant at will cr fuflorance, be it further ensiled, That ev:i" ;'erh)!i or persons compellable by tins act to repair such niears or (cnees, or to pay for the fame, who shall be only tenant at will or fmTerance, at the time lie shall be so compelled, then and in such case such tenant shall be, and is hereby empowered to dcc'ndh out of the rent due to his, her, or their landlord, what he, (lie, or they shall have so laid out, expended or paid, and such landlord -shall and is hereby required to allow the fame, such tenant first proving on oath, before some justice of the peace for the county where such lands lie, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) -what flae, he, or they & laid out, expended or paid; provided such sum does not exceed in the whole the luna which the arbitrators, as atoreflud awarded, that such person or persons ought to pay towards repairing such niears or fences.

X. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend to avoid any covenants or contracts made between landlord and tenant for fencing, ditching, draining, or enclosing hinds.

XI. And be it enacted,.-That if any person shall think liimfeif or herself aggrieved by the determination of such justice of the peace, it.shall and may be lawful for such person to- appeal to the next sessions of the peace for the county, town, or city in which such distress was taken; and the justlees of the peace at such sessions, may affirm or reverie the order of such justice of the peace, with such costs as they shall think proper, which decision shall be final between the panics to all intents and purposes; and that no writ of certiorari, or other writ or prpeefs shall be allowed for removal -of such proceedings into any of his Majesty's superior courts of record.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no magistrate shall take any fee for any thing which he shall do by virtue of this act.

The thirty-f’venlb Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXVII.

AnAclfcr amendhg an Act for J in !k<s Kingdom, it: the Elev'nt'i and Twelfth Tea’s cf His prefer,! Majesty, Entitled, An Act for erecting Parochial Chapels oj Ecje, in Pan/hes of la’ge Extent, and mailing such Chapel:, and these that me already creeled perpetual Cans, and for mali/.g a paper Pro-i-fsn fr the Maintenance of perpetual Curates A oifiate in the fame, and a/fo in like Manner for making appropriate Parishes perpetual Cares.

HF.REAS by the said act passed in this kingdom, in the r.id.il n

eleventh anil twelfth years of the reign of his prelint *’

hlajofty, it is among! other things ensiled, That fitch churches and chapels as in the said act mentioned, ilull not be erected before the bounds f the respective districts which shall belong to the cure of each of said netv churches or chapels shall be ascertained: And whereas it has femetimes happened in cx'.cnlive and l:]1' cys iiJ

populous narifltes, that netv churches and chapels have been erect- v- r. mcnJ

1) ’tsf'C 1 «)U'.Cr

ed for the accommodation of the inhabitants of such parishes who aii-cu live at a great difhnce from the parish church, before the bounds of any district or districts which shall belong to the cure of such new churches or chapels respectively have been ascertained, so that such netv churches or chapels are likely to fall into ruin and decay, in as much as no districts have been ascertained, and as the law now Hands cannot be ascertained, liable to be assessed or charged with the repairs of the said churches and chapels respectively; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful to and , , for the archbiiltop of the diocese or the hilltop, as the case may cr l.iOiop^' happen, under their archicpifcopa! or cpifcopal seals, with the con- cnrAm uf font of the incumbent of the parish in which any such new church or chapel may have been erected before the bounds of such dillrift tcun.nof as should belong to the cure of such parish had been ascertained, <y.:;i under his hand and seal, to ascertain the bourn's of the dillrift '.'Tu1'

7 Ju Oli.ftti ( i

which shall belong to the cure of such new church or chapel, in the lAr a same manner as is prescribed by said act, which dillrift so ascertain- j;, Va'C'.."l " ed, and such-new church or chapel shall be subject to all the provisions and charges, and entitled to all the privileges and advan-5 S 2 [ages

439

A. P.

*797-

44° ‘The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

tages specially provided and specified by, and contained in the fail!

1797* aft, in respect to districts ascertained before the building and crafting of such new churches or chapels, and in respect to such new churches or chapels in the said act mentioned to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to explain an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act more effectually to ftp-press Insurreciions, and prevent the Difurbance of the publish Peace.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is among other things en-36 Geo. 3. acted, That, within three days after any county or part of a county , shall, as therein' directed, be by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of this kingdom, proclaimed to be in a (late of disturbance, or in immediate danger of becoming so, or as Toon after as may be, a.petty session of the peace shall be held within such county, as therein directed, and that the justices of the peace assembled at such petty sessions, shall have power to adjourn from time to . time, and place to place, as they shall find convenient, until the general sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, shall be held next after the first meeting of such petty session, and the justices shall, at the first petty session to be held by virtue of the said act, order and direct a notification signed by them, to be made throughout the district so proclaimed, that such district has been so proclaimed, and commanding the inhabitants to keep within their . dwellings at all unseasonable hours, between sunset and sunrise, and warning them of the penalties to -which a contrary conduct will expose them, and the said justices shall cause such notification to be distributed throughout such proclaimed district, and to be fixed up in some conspicuous place, in all towns and villages within such district, by the constables of the county, or such other persons doubts arc as they may think fit to appoint for the purpose-: And whereas in whether no- one or more county or counties which, or parts of which have been ceminpms Proc^'lme<It0 he in a state of disturbance, or in immediate danger proclaimed, of becoming so, the justices assembled at such first petty sessions, as wcH nude, aforesaid, have by order directed a notification to be made, as afore-° hull and such notifications have been made by the clerk of the peace

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

peace, and doubts are entertained whether liith notification or notifications have been well made pursuant to the said act, from whence much inconvenience and litigation may arise, for remedy whereof, and to remove such doubts, be it emitted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons i:i this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such notifications made or to be made in pursuance of the order of the justices, or majority of the justices assembled at such petty sessions, and in all other respects conformable, to the said att of parliament, shall be deemed good and effectual to every purpose whatsoever, if the fame have been or shall be made by the clerk of the peace, by any printed or written notice to which his name shall be affixed, printed, or written, though the fame have not been or shall not be signed by any justice of the peace, and that no act or acts done or to be done in any county proclaimed, or to be proclaimed in purfu-acce of the said act, shall be void or voidable, merely because such notification had not been or shall not be signed by the justices of the peace at such petty sessions, provided the fame was ordered by such justices at such sessions to be made, and was made by the clerk of the peace by their order.

II.' And be it further enacted, That no prosecution, suit, action, or attachment shall be commenced or carried on again! any

all notifications made put fiiant to order of justices at pctiy f.Jli-oii), in all otlu-r respeiSls conformable i-> (hid aft, fiuii! be t-lfcc-uul if signed by cleric of peace, allho’ not signed by any justice.

No profr*-Ciuion or suit against jul-

justice of the peace, fj constable, or other person for or on oThers^on account of any thing done pursuant to the said att, in other respects merely on the ground that such notification had not been >i°n, not be ,g signed by the justices of the peace, or a majority of such justices [,mc°:.by assembled at such petty sessions.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Not to avoid tend, or be conlliued to extend, to avoid any adjudications, here- heretofore0"5 tofore attually made upon any appeals brought pursuant to the made-

said att.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all proclamations which Proclaim-

have been heretofore issued, or shall hereafter be issued under the shall

said recited act, by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of his Majes- civil and cri-ty’s privy council, or the Dublin Gazette, importing to contain a muw

copy of such proclamations respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be conclusive evidence in all courts of civil or criminal jurisdiction in this kingdom, of all such fafts as were or shall be necessary to authorize the issuing of such proclamations, as aforesaid, and every such proclamation shall be deemed and

442 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

taken in all such courts respectively, to have been issued in con- 797- formity to the several provisions of the said receited act.

Ail ojths V. And to obviate doubts touching the administering or taking orengage- unlawful oaths, be it declared and enacted, That all oaths or en-

merits bind- 1

ing to any gagements whatsoever, importing to bind the person taking or fub-or brother- feribing the fame, to be of any association, brotherhood, focitty, committee or confederacy whatsoever, are unlawful oaths, and en-unlawful gagements within the said receited act, and that any persons who and persons by virtue of the said receited act, have for taking or administering fern on'0 oaths, or for any other offences been or shall be ordered to

b°TddTy’ ^"erVe on ^oar^ his Majesty's fleet, may by the warrant of the tenant’s war- chief governor or governors of this kingdom, be ordered to fern dcredto ftrve *n his Majesty's land forces, and that the persons so ordered to onboard, or serve in the land forces, shall not be liable to be lent as seamen on forces. board the fleet, but shall be detained in custody until sent to join the regiment in which they shall be ordered to serve.

CHAP. XXXIX,

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted fnce the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and w'nety-seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of the hfurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS fmcc the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, several parts of this kingdom have been disturbed by treasonable insurrections, and daring outrages, against the public peace, and the lives and properties of many peaceable and faithful subjects have been destroyed, and several of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and other officers and persons in order to preserve the public peace, the lives and properties of his Majesty's faithful subjects, and to suppress and put an end to such insurrections, have apprehended several criminals and persons, suspected of aiding and assisting in the said infurrec-tions, and of promoting riot and tumults, and of harbouring evil designs against his Majesty's government, and seized arms, and entered into the houses and poiTessions of several persons, and done divers other acts not justifiable by law, blit which Were yet so much for the public service, and so necessary for the suppressing of such insurrections, and for the preservation of the public peace, j that

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 443

'Jut the persons by whom they were transacted, ought to be indent- A.D. nilied; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma- 1797' jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personaladions, suits, indictments, informations, attachments, mokftations, prosecutions f« miners and proceedings whatever, judgments and orders, if any be, againl* , j.,n the said magistrates and persons, for or by reason of any matter or tiling, commanded, appointed, or done since the first day of Ja- a»<i prefcive nuary, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, b/diT-in order to suppress the said insurrections, and for the preserva- cllarScd: tion of the public peace, or for the safety of the Hate, shall be discharged and made void; and that every person by whom any such act, matter or thing, shall have been advised, commanded, or ordered appointed, or done for the purposes aforesaid, since the first day of January, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as well a gain ft the King’s Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every

Other person and persons; and that if any prosecution, action or persons fiieS,

nut, hath been, or shall be commenced or prosecuted, against any the general

person, for any such act, matter or thing, so advised, commanded,

appointed or done for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, he

or (lie may plead the general iflfue, and give this act, and the special

matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become *»M* «ofls

non-suit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance; if plaintiff i4

or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for

which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy, as in cases in which cods by law are given to defendants.

---

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers wicked and evil disposed persons, by the publication of written or printed papers, and by malicious and advised speaking, have of late industriously endeavoured to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces by sea and land,

444 The thirty-seventh Year of George III. A.D. 1797. Chap. 40.

from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, and to incite them to mutiny and disobedience; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Persons convicted of endeavouring to seduce any of the King's seamen or soldiers from their duty, shall suffer death.]

That from and after the passing of this act, any person who shall maliciously and advisedly endeavour to seduce any person or persons serving in his Majesty's forces by sea or land, from his or their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite, or stir up any such person or persons to commit any act of mutiny, or to make, or endeavour to make any mutinous assembly, or to commit any traitorous or mutinous practice whatsoever, shall, on being legally convicted of such offence, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

[Offences against this act, committed at sea, or in this kingdom, may be tried at any court of Oyer and Terminer in Ireland.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence committed against this act, whether committed on the high seas, or within this kingdom, shall and may be prosecuted and tried before any court of Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery for any county in this kingdom, in such manner and form, as if the said offence had been therein committed.

[Persons tried under this act, shall not be tried again for same offences; nor shall this act prevent the trial of persons for high treason, or misprision, who have not been tried under it.]

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any person who shall he tried and acquitted, or convicted of any offence against this act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again for the same offence or fact as high treason, or misprision of high treason, and that nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any persons guilty of any offence against this act, and who shall not be tried for the same, as an offence against this act, from being tried for the same as high treason, or misprision of high treason, in such manner, as if this act had not been made.

[In force until 2 months after commencement of next session.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force, until the expiration of two months after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and no longer.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 445

A.D. 1797.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Husbandry, and other useful Arts.

---

[Expired.]

WHEREAS by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the intcrcji upon the principal sums tieceh: provided fort ant! towards the discharge of such principal sums, in such manner as thirein is directed, and for enabling th: often of his Majestfs treasury to rt'icive certain fmr.S for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and for granting to his JlLi-jf\ a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund} and for applying a certain fun of money therein mentionedi for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and mnety-f v:u, and for other purposes, it is enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies, that there ih til and may he idiicd to the Dublin society, the sum of lift.* thousand five hundred pounds, for the improvement of husbandry, and other useful arts in Ireland, to be applied in such manner, as shall be directed by parliament } be it cnalted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefenr parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said sum of five thousand five hundred pounds, shall be applied by the said society in manner following} that is to say, that three thousand pounds thereof, be applied by the committee of agriculture and planting, in promoting agriculture and planting, and in furntfliing their repository with implements and books} that seven hundred pounds thereof, be applied by the said committee, in supporting and furnishing their Botanic garden at Glafnevin, and in the necessary expences attending the said institution, and in paying a salary not exceeding three hundred pounds a year to doctor Walter "Wade, as their profcfTor and lc&urer of botany, and fnperintendant of the said Botanic garden*, that the remaining one thousand eight hundred pounds* be applied by the said society in the piyment of salaries, rents, taxes, support of drawing schools, promoting arts, encouraging manufactures, and towards compleating a cabinet of Irish minerals, supporting the expences of the Lefkean cabinet of minerals* and paying a salary not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds a year, to Mr. William Higgins, or such other professor of mineralogy orchymiftry, as they shall from time to time appoint to the care thereof.

II. Provided always, That no greater sum be paid out of the said sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds, thm seven hundred pounds, for bounties to manufacturers, and that all such bounties be p dd on the sale only, and on such ma-nufaflures only, as are not entitled to receive any other parliamentary bounty,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

' 44®

A.D. 1797.

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better securing of his Majesty's revenue on tobacco, X and for regulating the tobacco trade, and extending the same, by allowing importers of tobacco, to lodge their tobacco in warc-houses, and to have time for the payment of the-duty thereon; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the atitho-Juty.of41J. rity of the fame, That every importer of tobacco, shall and may Mbaccoft"" secure a. duty, after the rate of four pence for every pound weight 7lt^. ‘he* in manner following; that is to say, he or she shall give bond for the amount of the import duty, then payable thereon; such bond to be made payable at the end of fifteen months, to commence from the date of such bond.

Where landed on bill of view, to he entered with* in 10 working days, and doty paid or

secured, penalty 5l. per bog (head*

Tobacco to

be warc-

housed when bond is executed $ proprietors to have free accefl i

duty paid on net weight of tobacco when given out.

Proprietors to pay expences of carrying tobacco to and

II. Provided always, That where tobacco shall be landed on bill of view, the importer or owner of :such tobacco, shall, within ten working days, after the landing of such tobacco, make entry thereof, and pay the duty for the fame, or enter into bond for the payment thereof,iin manner herein directed, and in failure thereof, every such person shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, for every hogshead of such tobacco, which shall not be entered, and for which the duty shall not have been paid or secured as aforesaid, over and above the duties payable on such tobacco.

III. And be it enacted, That upon such bond being executed, the commissioners or principal officers of the revenue, at the respective ports, shall cause all such tobacco to be warehoused in the usual manner; and the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, or his or their servants, shall have free access into such ware-houses at all times within the usual hours of discharge j and the proper officer or officers is and are hereby required to attend without fee; and all tobacco so warehoused, shall be charged and pay such duty as aforesaid, according to the net weight thereof, at the time when such tobacco shall be delivered out of such fiores.

IV. And be it enacted, That the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, shall respectivdly pay all the expenses incurred by unfltipping or conveying any tobacco from the ships importing the

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 447

same, to the ware-houses in which the fame tobacco is to be de- A.D. posited as aforesaid, or in conveying the tobacco from fucll ware- 797* houses, to and on board the ships in which the same shall be exported to foreign parts, except the charges of paying the revenue from ware, officers, under whole care fitch tobacco shall be so conveyed, either CCpt paying from the ship to the ware-house on importation, or from the ware- °ll'"rs' house to the ship on exportation, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That the proprietors of tobacco so to Proprietor

1 1 (0 pay ex-

be brought as aforesaid, to the ware-houses, shall be at the expence of (trip, pense of dripping or taking the hogfltcads in which the tobacco Eds!"&£ shall be so imported, from the tobacco, before the same shall be so weighed.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any tobacco which shall , Duh a'""

bacK oa Ivx-

have been entered, and the duty thereupon paid or secured in portion manner aforesaid, shall be exported from this kingdom, the expor- J1or alter shall, upon the exportation thereof, within three years from 10 the importation, on producing a proper debenture to be made out for that purpose, be paid, or allowed to draw back the whole net duty, actually paid at, or after the importation of such quantity so exported; or in case any such tobacco shall be exported within the time aforesaid, by the person or persons who shall have entered into bond, and such bond shall not have been discharged, such person or persons so exporting such tobacco, shall have the bond vacated, or allowance made by entry on the back of such bond, for futh quantity of tobacco as shall be so exported, as the case shall be; and every person or persons so exporting, shall, at the proprietor to taking out of a permit for any such tobacco to be exported as afore- that he or ihc said, make oath before the proper officer of the revenue, to be ls cxP0,lcr-appointed and empowered to administer oaths, that he or she is the real proprietor of such tobacco, and is really the exporter thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That if the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, as shall be so lodged in ware-houses, shall not byiiich of within the space of fifteen months, by payment of the duties so bonded for, or by debentures upon exportation of such tobacco, PailJ jj> > 5 discharge his or their obligations, and that the tobacco, or any part thereof, shall continue in the ware-houses for want of payment of the duties the Teon, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or principal officers of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to cause such tobacco to be publickly sold by inch of 1+ days nocandle; first giving the importer or importers thereof, fourteen pom

448 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

days notice personally, or by leaving a notice in writing at hib zrr) 7. then dwelling, or if lie shall have no dwelling, then at the hit Chap. ,.2. place of such importer’s abode, the product thereof after such sale, v—first to be applied to payment of such bond, storage, and all other r-.r.-p'-ji to charges which may have been incurred , and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the proprietor, or other person, lawfully authorized to receive the same, v/ho'efiib

VIII. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall upon imper-mjy boai tation thereof, and before the original importer thereof shall have importer ' bonded the duties of the lame, be fold or transferred by any importer thereof to any wholesale merchant, such wholesale merchant may bond the duties thereof in the same manner, and subject to the same rules, regulations and restrictions, as the importer thereof is by this act at liberty to bond the same.

Ifiapottere

IX. Provided also, That if any tobacco shall after the impor-fiic mer- tarion thereof and after the original importer thereof shall have bonfc mr bonded the duties for the fame, be sold by such importer, before be cancelled, the same shall have been taken out of the ware-house in which

on merch22i5

giving others it shall have been lodged, to any wholesale merchant, the bond i’fl-’3,1"!.? which such importer executed for the duties on such tobacco on the ware-houling of the fame, may be cancelled, upon such whole-falc merchant’s giving bond for the amount of the duties on such tobacco, to be made payable at the same time that the bond executed by the importer was made payable, and such wholesale merchant so buying such tobacco, shall be subject to the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as the importer thereof is by this act subject to.

Duty to be

X. Provided also, That when any tobacco so ware-housed, shall be intended for home consumption, no such tobacco shall be taken

taken out for out of such stores as aforesaid, until all duties payable thereon home cos* 1 7

temption. shall have been paid, nor until a voucher from the proper officer

of the revenue at the port where such tobacco shall be so ware-

housed, shall he depoltted with the officer or officers in whose cuf-

tody such tobacco'shall then be, which voucher shall be directed to such officer or officers, and shall ascertain all such duties to have been paid for such tobacco.

rw. fa.-

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ia case any Tobacco

put into such ware-honfes, shall be destroyed by fire, during thf

in warn- time it shall remain in the ware-houses, the bond entered into on konJc shall be '

difdmjed. warehousing inch tobacco, shall be discharged for so much thereof, as shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them to have been so. defy troyed.

i

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 449

XII. And be it enacted, That no importer of tobacco at any A.D. port, except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, 1797-Belfast, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Waterford, and Wexford, shall be entitled to have the lame lodged in a ware- Parcs at

'* h'c!t 10b"'

house, or take any benefit by virt;te/ of any thing in this act con- CJ iray be' tained, in respect of ware-llouling and bonding the fame. w..iclmuled.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it dull not be lawful to import Tnbrcco any tobacco at any place or port, fare such places or ports where po'ted'bui11" tobacco may be waTc-houl'ed by virtue of this act; and if any ship 11 mil!' or vessel shall be found within the limits of any other port, haven bouieiij

or creek, within this kingdom, having tobacco on board, in any ^Vr'hi’n firnh's packages whatsoever, or shall he discovered so to have been, lave 010l'ir

0 ’ pons, (except

only in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necef- in lialrdi, of

fity and distress, the mailer, purler, or other person, having or taking charge or command'of such ship or vessel, shall immediately jnul -11 after the arrival of Rich ship or vessel in such port, haven or creek, forfeited.

give notice in Writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nearest port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also the tobaccp, shall be forfeited.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no tobacco except of the produce of Great Britain, North America, or of the British plantations, (liali be imported into this kingdom, upon pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, and treble the value thereof, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel.

XV. Provided, always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize the importation of any Av.i tobacco into this kingdom from any place, save from Great Britain, or from the place of the growth of such tobacco.

AH toba:-

co, c.vccpt Iron-.Great Britain, Non!. America, cr British plm-utiem, Fir-Icitc', with

ships, Sec.

No tobacco to be imported but from Great Britain or, place of growth.

XVI. And be it enacted,' That it shall not be lawful to import Nomanu. into this kingdom, any tobacco manufactured, except snuff, and bacco!'except, if any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, shall be imported into tills kingdom .; or if any ship', vessel or boat, shall be found within vclTdi within four leagues of the shore of this kingdom, or shall be discovered proved so to have been, with any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, on board any ship, vessel or boat, or if any ship, vessel c.r boat, shall tobacco, al-have had any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, on board, found, Ml although such tobacco' shall not be actually found oil board such ^iefi fn'dif-ship, vessel or ban, upon proof made that such manufactured to- trdV.ofwhici: bacco had been on board such ship, vessel or boat, in any bay, be given, w Von. XVIII. 5 X port,

45°

A. I)

17‘;7-Chap. 42

"1 ob.icco not to lie exported m vef fcls under 150 tons:

officers may detain vessels until uicy are me<i)urej;

if vciK'U arc under ijo tons, they and tobacco, ftc. dial) be forfeited, and if under iSo tons no ila-magoi against officer for detention.

AH ships, kc undergo tons, having toolb ol tobacco, or jolh. offnuff, vmhin leagues of any port,

shall be forfeited, cxxcpt in diilrcfs, as before.

The thirly-sevenih Year of George III.

port, harbour, haven, liver or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the Ih.ore of this kingdom, then and in every such ' case respectively, every such ship, vessel or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, shall he forfeited, as all’o all manufactured'tobacco which shall he found on hoard such ship, vessel or boat, and the packages containing the fame, save only and except in cases of unavoidable acccflity and diltrcls, of which ncccllity and clillrefs the mailer, purler, or perl'ou haring or taking charge or command of Inch ship, veil’d or boat, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship, Vessel or boat, into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek of this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the levenuc, resident at the port neared to the place where (itch ship, vessel or boat shall arrive.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped for export tion, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unlcl's such ship or vessel shall he of the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, or upwards; and it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the revenue, to (top and detain any ship or vessel having tobacco on board, and the whole cargo lade-n on hoard such ship or vessel, until he or they Iliad caui'o such tliip or veil’d to be admeasured; and if it shall appear by such admeasurement, that aDy such ship or vessel is not of the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, such ship or vefld, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, together with such tobacco as shall he hulen on hoard Inch ship or vessel, shall be forfeited; and if it shall appear by such admeasurement, that any such ship or vessel is of the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, or upwards, and under the burden of one hundred and eighty tons, the officer or officers so (topping or detairing inch lliip or vessel as aforesaid, shall not be lu'-ject or liable to any action ior damages occasioned by such stoppage and detention.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That when any flop or vessel, under the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, having on hoard one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, or fifty pounds weight of snuff, (halt he found at anchor, or within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the (bore thereof, or shall he discovered so to have been, unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and diltitfs the mailer, purler, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice in writing to, and make proof of the fame, before the collector or ojier ch ef officer of the revenue, resident at the ncardt port to the place where such

(liir

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

451

(lui) or vdfel (hr.,'1 arrive, every such ship or veil'd with all her A.D. "tins, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all to- 1 797-i;acco and fiiuff found on board fncii ship or veil'd, shall be for-kited and conlilcated, together with the packages containing the

XIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the commifii-co.mr.ifiioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of ^'nV.j‘' them, to grant a licenly under their hands and I'eals, for importing under i;o tt'baceo into this kingdom, nr exporting tobacco from this king- w""’ limit, in any iliip or vessel under the burden of one hundred and

itity tons, provided that every fitch license shall contain the name yvi.at ttui’ be o! such ship or vessel lo to be licensed, the name of the master, or coiminnder and owner thereof, the quantity of tobacco intended to be imported or exported in fitch ship or vessel, the name of the owner of such tobacco, and that of the person to whom the same shall be consigned, and the port into which it is intended such tobacco should be brought or exported from, and also the port or place to which such tobacco is intended to be exported.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall be found Ship, &c. with tobacco on board, within the limits of any port of this king- brik^ortle-dom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof; and if it shall appear that bulk shall have been broken, or that any tobacco shall leaving pore, have been taken or delivered out of such ship or veflei, after such uy, m be ship or veflei shall have left the port or place where such ship or j""’

veflei had taken on board such tobacco, it shall be deemed and made that taken that such tobacco which shall have been so taken or delivered in another out of such ship or veflei, was landed in this kingdom without "kj entry or payment of the duties payable for the fame, unless it shall appear that Inch tobacco had been landed in some other country, and if landed in any part of his Majesty's dominions, that such tobacco had been duly entered, and that the duties payable on the fame had been paid.

XXI. And to prevent the clamlestine importation of tobacco, be it enacted, That if any tobacco shall be clandestinely imported or secretly brought into this kingdom without due entry, and payment of the duties chargeable thereupon, the ship, veflei, or boat, in which the same shall be so clandestinely imported, with all the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel thereunto belonging, and all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and shall and may

be ieized by any officer of the revenue; and in case such vessel or ;f vessels or goods cannot be seized, the mailer or other person having charge of the veflei in which such goods shall have been so imported or shall forfeit brought, shall forfeit the value thereof. value'

5X2

Vessels car-ryinp tobacco clanocftinely, may be seized;

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

6 per cent, imcrclt to fcc paid on bonds from the d:.y they are dm: until p; vment or exportation.

\o a!ou-ance for damaged or mean tobacco;

damaged tobacco may be separated and burned.

XXII. And be it enacted, That interest at the iv.to of fix pound, per centum per annum, which interest is hereby declared to be a charge on fitch tobacco, shall be paid to the crown on all bond, tc> be given pursuant to this act, i'rom the day the bond fl,a!l become due, unto the day whereon it shall he paid off in money, or the day the fcarchcr certifies upon the debenture, that the tobacco was shipped for exportation, the amount of Inch bone to b_ payable, as aforesaid, notwithstanding such tobacco Cull ie..’ain unexported, and although the time limited by law for the drawback on exportation shall not he expired, and no inch Iceun'.r

be vacated until all such interest shall be paid thereon.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be made to the importer in consideration of any damaged or mean to bacco, either at the fcalc or otherwise, but in case any person Inal! refuse to enter fitch tobacco, or to pay or secure the duties afoic-said, for such tobacco, then he, flic, or they shall have liberty to refuse to enter and pay duty for the fame; or to separate liter, damaged tobacco by cutting off from the hogshead or other package, so much thereof as he, she, or they shall refuse to pay, or enter the duty for, and the principal officers of the revenue resident at the port where such damaged tobacco shall be landed, or any two or more of them shall caul’e such tobacco to be Inn tied or oiltcr-v.’iie destroyed, without making any allowance to Inch importer for freight or other charges, other than the allowances herein provided for.

XXIV. Provided always, That no person shall have liberty to separate the llalk from the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XXV. And be it cnnfted, That no drawback shall lie allowed for any tobacco-Halles or Hems exported by themselves when they

led^Vom'kaf. ^lave 'iccn or *,c PePal‘nted from the leaf.

Imid Win

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the landwaiter appointed for

hogflic uial*1- the delivery of every lbip or vessel arriving at any port or place in

stc to lw this kingdom, and having tobacco on hoard, is hereby authorized

marked ns °_m J

lirca.a by and requited upon the landing of any i'uch tobacco, to cattle fuel;

landing-mark'to be fixed and fct upon every hogdiead, calk, ched,

rcnlity1r-oV or other package, containing the fame, as shall he directed by the

comm i dinners of the revenue, or any three of them, and Hull also

enter every such landing-mark in their several books, on pain of

officers to do forfeiting the film of fifty pounds, and the proper officers of the

exp-minion, revenue respectively, Until, in like manner, upon the exportation penalty 50l. of any tobacco from this kingdom, cause such export-mark to he fixed upon every every hogshead, cask, chest, or other package 3 containing

O

Not to fj-pr.r.uc llalk from leaf'.

No (turnback for Jlalk' or

The thirty-fevcmh Year of George III.

it! ! il u> m it I tcl.ir-ttl, cKp >rted Ul.JrC Utt-p *H *d, ir»! lit

45.1

containing the fame, as shall he directed by the commissioners of A.D. the revenue, or any three of than, and shall also enter every Inch -1797* export-mark in their several hooks upon pain of lor!citing lilt)’ pounds.

XXVII. And be it cn.uiled, That no debenture shall be grant- No detailed for any tobacco imported into this kingdom, nor any draw- 'a back be paid or allowed ter the fame, when exported or entered outwards for exportation, to any part or parts beyond the (eas, unless the fame and every part thereof, if it he in leaf and unmanufactured, shall be shipped and exported from the same port or place at which Inch tobacco was at first imported into this king- m literatim dom ami no other, and also unless the fame tobacco if tmmanu- f'rylCa!,|,l.r. fafhired, and every part thereof, be flopped and exported in the aS5 original package, in which and with the lame marks thereon with which it was imported into this kingdom, together with the landing-mark and export-mark herein required to be fixed thereupon without any alteration being made in the package, except such as shall be occasioned by necessary cooperage for the repair of such package, or any other tobacco being put therein, or any part of the tobacco being removed or taken out of the package in which or taken out, it was first imported, except only ten pounds weight of tobacco, p^hog!i?!aJ. which shall be allowed to be taken out of every hogshead, calk, chetl or case, after the same shall have been weighed at importation; and if any person shall enter any unmanufactured tobacco ,nm,nofaclu-for exportation, at any other port or place than that at which the fame was imported, or in any other hogshead, calk, chelt, case, entered null or other package, than the fame in which such unmanufactured and no draw, tobacco was originally imported, or without the fame marks or numbers, and Inch landing and export-marks, all such tobacco prepaid, shall be forfeited, and no drawback thereupon shall be paid, or if any shall have been paid, the same shall be repaid, and the person who entered or caul'ed the same to he entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person shall ship for exportation penalty 20l. any hogshead, chelt, calk, case or other package of tobacco, out JTmorcn»n’

of which more than ten pounds weight of tobacco shall have been ry

1 0 hogshead he

taken for fampies, he, flie, or they so offending, shall forfeit the taken for

fmn of twenty pounds for every such hogshead, or other package ranl!lIe'

of tobacco so shipped for exportation.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco shall be imported

or brought into this kingdom, in any package other than hogf- imported in

heads, casks, chests, or wooden cases, containing four hundred Scr^Tb!'11

and twenty-five pounds net weight of tobacco at the least, upon

pain of forfeiting all such tobacco as shall be imported, otherwise

Jf by cut. ting off i!.v maged tobacco, remainder is less than 4251k. impor ter may ptu found tobacco together, as Herein directed

ollicer to entrr weight, mmks and numbers, and to I'poch'y particulars,

such tobacco may be exported wltcic imported, in packages 11c t lyU than 4351b. and <ir.m back

y.U.

Exporters

of unmanufactured u -b.icco thall deliver accounts to of fleers, before flapping, in manner herein directed;

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. than as aforesaid, together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, case:, and other packages containing the same.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That when any unmanufactured tobacco shall be imported in hogsheads, calks, chests, or wooden cases, as aforesaid, into this kingdom, if upon' landing and examination thereof, it shall appear that the tobacco contained in any fitch hogsheads, chests, wooden cases, or calks, is so much damaged, that by cutting off the damaged part thereof, for which no duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any such hogsheads, chest, calks, or wooden cases, for which duty is to be paid as under the weight of four hundred and twenty-five pounds, then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers thereof, in the presence of the land-waiter appointed to deliver the ship in which the fame was imported, to cause all such found tobacco to be put together in one or more of such hogsheads, chests, calks, or wooden cases, out of which the damaged tobacco was taken, and the land-waiter or other proper officer is hereby directed and required to enter in their respective books, the true and exact weight of all such found tobacco put into every such hogflicad, chest, calk, or wooden case, with the fc-vcral and respective marks and numbers set upon every such hogf-head, chest, calk, or wooden case, and also to specify in the; hooks, that Inch hogsheads, chests, calks, or wooden cases, were packed and re-filled in their presence, and every such hogflicad, chest, or wooden case of unmanufactured tobacco, shall and may be exported from the same ports and no other, at which they were originally imported, and debentures shall he made out, and the drawback be paid for the tobacco therein contained, provided the quantity of the tobacco in every Inch liogfliead, calk, chest or wooden calc, shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight or more, in' the same manner and form, and under the fame rcflriftions as if the package of inch tobacco had not been altered, any tiling herein contained in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That any person who shall enter any unmanufactured tobacco outwards, at any port or place in this kingdom, in order to be shipped or exported to any part or parts beyond the seas, shall, before the fame or any part thereof, shall be laden, deliver to the surveyor or landwaitcr appointed to examine tobacco shipped for exportation, an account in writing, ia a fair, distinct, and legible manner, signed by the person or persons exporting such tobacco, and containing the mark and number contained in the manifest which was upon every hogflicad, calk,

2 chest,

The ihirlj-sevenih Year of George- III.

chest, or other package of such tobacco, at the time when the fame was lirfl imported into this kingdom, and all'o the landing-mark and number which war, placed upon every hogshead, calk, chest, or wooden case thereof, when the fame was full landed in this kingdom, together with the exact weight which every hogshead, calk, chest, or other case with the tobacco therein contained, was at the time of its being landed in this kingdom, and also the particular mark and number let upon every fitch hogshead, calk, chest, or wooden case, by the exporter or exporters thereof, at the time the same shall be brought to the water fide, to be Hupped for exportation; a duplicate of which account 1-gned in the like manner, shall be lodged with the collector of the port from which such tobacco shall be exported, which account Hi all be filed by every such collector in his office, and a copy of it entered in a hook, to be by him kept for that purpose, and the surveyor or lar.d-ivaiter appointed to examine such tobacco on exportation shall weigh the fame, and endorsc on the cocket a true copy of such account, and the weight of such tobacco at the time of exportation, and sign the fame; and no officer shall admit any cocket, unless endorsed and signee! as aforesaid; and every exporter of tobacco, shall also write oft" the weight of every hogshead, calk, chest, or case of unmanufactured tobacco, by him, her, or them shipped for exportation, from the entry made of every hogshead, chest, calk, or case of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was first imported; and if any person who shall enter outwards for exportation, from any port in this kingdom, any unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to give in such accounts respectively, as aforesaid, every person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the linn of five pounds for every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco, md no drawback or debenture for, or on account of the exportation thereof, shall be made out, granted or paid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall import any tobacco into this kingdom, and who shall in any wise manufacture the lame, or any part thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or cause or procure the fame, or any part thereof, to he manufactured on his, her, or their own accounts by any other person, shall before the fame or any part thereof, be manufactured by the importer or importers, or shall be delivered out by the importer or importers, or any other person to he manufactured for the account of any such importer or importers, deliver to the cnlledtor or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port where such tobacco was imported, an account 5 Y 2 in

by lodged with collectors, and filed, and cn-tciihi in the’.? cdices; surveyor* or land waiter, to iteign to biccc, :.ml ciidorfs collects

Cocltcts net admitted, un-Icls citdoifed ai.d signed; exporters to< write cff weight Irony entries at importation j,

exporters n<;. glcti.ng to givenccouMs, Ac. forfeit 5l. per hogshead, ami drawback.

Imposter* w' -imatin-f tture to-b.fccti, or c we it to be done ior their accounts, shall deliver accounts thereof to collectors, as herein

what shall be contained in accounts;

456 cthe thirty-/eventh Year of George III.

A.D.

in writing, containing the marks and numbers as specified in the x797- manifest of every such hogshead, cask, chest, or other package of Chap.42. tobacco, intended to he manufactured with the name of the ship '~^y J Or ships in whidi, and the time when the tobacco so intended to be manufactureed was imported, also the landing-mark and number set on each hogshead, calk, chest, or cale, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, and also the exaift weight which every hogshead, calk, clieft, or case, and the tobacco therein contained were of at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom, and the exact weight the fame were of at the iccounts time of the delivery of such tobacco to he manufactured; which tignedbyim- account shall he ligned by the importer or one of his, her, or their clerks"and known clerks, and also by the person or persons to whom such to-turs o"/"'" kacco shall be delivered to be manufactured, or by one of his, derks, &c. her, or their known clerks, with their several and respective importers to names and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall wciglitffrom at she t'1116 °i" delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write eff entries at froin the entry made at the time or times at which the tobacco con-

importation; t ( . -ir

tamed in such accounts were imported, the weight of every hogf-heatl, calk, clieft, or case contained in such account of tobacco intended to be manufadhired, as aforesaid, in the same manner and form as if the fame tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and importers in case any importer or importers of tobacco, shall neglect to give jive in such in such account of the time, and in such manner and form in all wtorifeMfe respe*s as 1S herein directed and required, or in case such account accounts, shall he false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, flic, or per hogshead, tiicy offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, an account of which (halt be omitted to be given, as herein in.tmtfa{lu- directed, or of which a wrong account shall be given, and the 50? ptr°'k'1 Pel'f°n or persons to whom such tobacco llvdI have been delivered hogshead, (0 [>e manufactured, netrlc&intr to lien by him, her or themselves,

for like of- . ° r

fences. or by ltis, her, or their known clerk such account as aforesaid, or signing any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of listy pounds for every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case ot tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall he given.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no importer of tobacco, shall

Importer

m tofelliefs fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer or other person, fliead! an fas but in tile package wherein the fame was imported, except as here-

discharged, after excepted, nor less than one hogshead or package at any time, penalty, 201. r "

and in such manner and form, as the fame was, or shall have been

discharged

5The 'thirty-seventh Year of George !M.

discharged at the custtna-house, under the penalty of twenty pounds, for every such offence.

XXXIII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that such tobacco shall receive any damage after having'been discharged by the proper officer, whereby it shall be absolutely necessary to unpack and alter the package thereof, then and in such case, the importer or other person in whole custody fueffitobacco so damaged shall remain, after the fame hath been discharged at the custom-house, shall, within twelve hours before he or she shall unpack any part of the said tobacco, give notice in writingto the survey-or, gauger, or other officer of the walk, or cause the same to be left at the usual place of residence of such officer, signifying his or her intention to unpack such tobacco, and to separate the damaged from the found tobacco, or to cure the fame, and that thereupon such officer do, and shall, upon pain of being dismissed From his employment for any neglect in so doing, attend at the hour or time, and place appointed for the unpacking such tobacco; such hour to he between the hours of ten o’clock in the forenoon, and of three in the afternoon; and that the importer or other person, in whose custody such tobacco shall then remain, or to whom the same shall belong, shall make oath that he or she verily believes it is necessary for the curing of the tobacco so damaged, or for the preservation of the remainder thereof, to unpack the fame, (which oath the said officer is hereby empowered to administer), and upon stich persons making such oath as aforesaid, such officer shall compare the package or packages to be unpacked, with the certificate thereof, in such persons possession, and if the packages agree with the certificate, the officer shall attend the unpacking of them;

and after the same shall be unpacked, and the damaged tobacco levered from the found tobacco, the found part shall be in the presence of such officer, immediately weighed and re-packed in dose packages, not less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, if the entire quantity so to be re-packed, shall amount to so much; and the same shall not be again unpacked, but on the like necessity, or for mantifaduring the fame; and if such damaged tobacco be intended to be cured, the same shall be weighed every fecoml day, until re-packed in manner aforesaid, provided the entire quantity shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, and if under that weight, the same shall be packed in one fe tarate calk, and such importer of such tobacco, or person in whose custody the same shall remain, shall on. den and of such officer, weigh, or cause to be weighed and packed, such tobacco in manner aforesaid; and shall not unpack in any one day,

If tobacco

be damaged after being discharged, notice of unpacking shall be tjivett to officer, which he shall attend

hour for unpacking to be

between 10

andj;

oath of ne-ccliity for unpacking adminidcred by officer;

officer to compare package with certificate, and, ifthey agree, so attend unpacking; found part weighed and repacked in package of 42jlb.

not unpacked again but on like ueccffity., or to manufacture; tobacco curing, to be weighed every 2d day, if under 42 jib, to be in one calk;

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

more of such. tobacco than can be re-packed on the fame day j and such officer shall put such mark and number on the packages so re-packed, as he shall think fit, for distinguishing the fame, by which mark and number the same shall be fold and certified for, by such importer or other person as aforesaid; and such officer

no more unpicked than

packeVuie shall, upon, such persons certificate of his stock, endorse, or enter

day; officer to mark and number such packages; officer to en dorfc alterations on certificates aid enter them;

Importers to deliver to chief officers, ar. counts of to bacco fold,or delivered

within 14

what accounts lba)l contain j

the alteration of package, and particularly describe the fame, with the new marks and numbers put thereon, and thall enter the alterations so made in such officer’s book, in the presence of such importer, or such other person as aforesaid, or of such person as shall attend on their behalf respectively.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every person who (halt import any tobacco into this kingdom, and shall fell or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, to any person, shall within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, out of his, her, or their custody, to the purchasers thereof, or to their order, or for their use, deliver to the chief officer of the revenue, at the port or place where inch tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number as specified in the manifest, of every hoglhea'd, calk, chefi:, or other package of tobacco, so fold or delivered, with the name of the ffiip or ships in which such tobacco so fold and delivered, was imported, and the times when, and the landing-mark, and number set on every hogshead, cad:, or case, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, with the exact weight which each of such hogsheads, calks, cheils or cases, and the tobacco therein contained were of, at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom, and also the exact weight thereof, at the time accounts to of the sale or delivery to the purchaser or purchasers thereof; which importers or account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of am|Ibdt,l'’S’ ^is, her, or their known clerks, and also by such person or persons tons receiving to whom such tobacco shall be fold or delivered, or one of his, thri/clerts, her, or their known clerks, to which shall be added the places of rf abode of such purchasers, importers, or other persons so signing such accounts; and such importer or importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts, write off from the entries

from entries, made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such as ii for exportation; account was imported, and again! every particular ship, in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogshead,

calk, chefi, or case of tobacco, contained in such account, in the

penalty an fame form, as if such tobacco had been delivered for exportation;

neglecting to....

give in ac- and in case any importer or importers of tobacco, shall neglect to

giving’a"00 8*ve 'Q such account as aforesaid, at the time, and in the manner

fraudulent and form herein directed, or in case such account shall, at the time

account, jol.

per cast. the

abode importers to write off weight, itc.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

the fame is given in, or at any time afterward., appear to be fall'e or fraudulent, he, flie or they offending, shall forfeit the fuin of thirty pounds, for every hogshead, calk, chell, or other package of tobacco, of which such account shall be omitted to be given, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given; and the person or persons to whom, or to whose order, or for whose use such tobacco shall have been fold or delivered, neglecting to sign by him, her, or themselves, or by' his, her, or their known clerk, such account as aforesaid, or ligning, or entiling to be signed, any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the fuin of thirty pounds, for every such hoglliead, cask, chell, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such tobacco shall, before the landing thereof, receive any damage, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any one of them, or the co!le£W, or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port in which such tobacco shall be landed, to pay to the importer at the rate of one halfpenny, for every pound of such tobacco, for which the importer shall refuse to pay or secure the full duties, and which shall he cut off or separated from the found tobacco, in order to be burned, or otherwise destroyed by the officers of the revenue j so as such allowance shall not exceed thirty drillings, for all the tobacco damaged in any one hogshead imported, any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

459

A.D. 1797.Chap. 42.

t!ic Hk<* pc-ti t!ty on pur-caafjrs.

One halfpenny per lb. paid to importer for tob*£c:i damaged before lauding;

damaged tobacco cut off and burned; allowance not to'exceed

per

bogihead.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, tobacco stalks, iftobacco or snuff, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight, shall be con- cccding 4U1, veyed or carried by land or by water, from any port or place in br°

this kingdom, to any other port or place in this kingdom, or from place to ano-

b ... ‘ - 1 ther without any place within any port in this kingdom, to any other place being matk-within the same port, in any hogshead, calk, chest, case or other be

package, unless such hoglliead, calk, chest, case, or other package, be marked on the outside with the words, tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, in letters not less than three inches in length, upon pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, tobacco-stalks, or snuff, with the package thereof.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, manufactured Tobacco or

or unmanufactured, or snuff which shall have been removed from the port or place of importation, or from any other port or place of inpotta- - lion, shall not

in this kingdom, to any other port or place in the lame, shall he be returned

returned or sent back to such port or place, from whence the fame

was, or were before removed, without leave first being obtained

from the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of

5 Z a them,

iw The ih&ty-fevhith Year of George III.

A.D.

them, and without a special certificate to be granted to accompany

1797* the fame, in such form, and by such person or persons, as the

fChap. 42. commissioners shall think proper to appoint, upon pain of

forfeiture thereof, together with the horles, cattle, carriages, vessels

or boats, made use of in the removal of the same.

All m.inu-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That for the better regulation of

!dealcrsrSnan<l l'le tohacco trade, and of the manufacturee of tobacco, no person

tobacco, cx- shall manufacture any tobacco into roll, pigtail, snuff, or otherwise,

porters, shall or deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as an wholesale inpor-

cenfo, inter only, or a wholesale merchant only, without first taking out a

number of hcenfe for the fame, signed by one of the commissioners of the

tables shall revenue, in which license shall be expressed the number of tobacco

whoicfa'f111 ’ tables such manufacturer shall be authorized to keep-; and that

merchant not no person dealing in tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being an importer, 10 jo

m take out a the importer of such tobacco, shall so deal therein, without fil'd is inVh/' ta^ng out a license in manner aforesaid, for which license a fee pounds at the rate of one shilling in the pound, shall be paid; and if any i^mEtc^ person shall manufacturee any-tobacco, or deal in the same as afore-Kng with- so'd, without having taken out such license, he or (lie shall forfeit out license. t]le sum of three hundred pounds.

No tobacco

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no license f°aurTbut dinll be granted to any person to manufacturee tobacco in any place where a in this kingdom, other than in such town in which a surveyor of rcfiicni" excise or gauger is resident, and all unmanufactured tobacco kept tural"to^C" 'n an7 house, Itore-house, or other place situate in any other part bacco, and all of this kingdom, and all tobacco-prefles, tobacco-tables, tobacco-ioumHn^nir spinning-wheels, and fmiff-mills, and all other utensils for manu-ftaiTbc'for facturing tobacco found in any other part of this kingdom shall (cited, and he forfeited, and the person or persons ill whole possession any' tobacco-tabic, press-wheel, fnufT-miil, or other utensil for manufacturing tobacco shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and no permit shall be granted for the conveying of un-manufactured tobacco to any place other than places where persons may be licensed to manufacturee tobacco, license

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in part-ZXZZ nership, and carrying on the trade of nianufacturing tobacco in one house only, shall not he obliged to take out more than one licenscs in license, and that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of pbccs'.Vnly! lb's act> shall authorise any person or persons to whom the fame named'^'" stud^ be granted, to manufacture tobacco in any other house than such house, and the working places thereunto adjoining, as shall be mentioned in such license, and in the entry to be made thereof with the collector.

I

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 461

XLI. And be it enacted, That every perlim licensed to manu- A.D failure or retail tobacco, shall have or ca-tfc to be painted on a 1797-board with letters open to view and legible, at leall an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground, his, Licenced her, or their name and lur-name, or names and surnames at full length, and the words " licensed to manufacture or retail tobacco," 'Jllers to,i'avlr

0 ’ ’ boards alhxcd;

as the case may be, and llrall affix the fame on some conspicuous m.i palmed at place, on the outside of the front of his, her, or their house, not Yol’ ‘'Cll:l, mote than three feet distance from the top of the (hop door, or ilreet door of such house, and preserve the fame during the time he, she, or they shall continue to manufacture, retail, or deal in tobacco, or in default thereof, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That every colicdor who shall grant Cott,«or* a license to any person to manufacture or otherwise deal in to- fcScYto baeco, as aforesaid, shall at the time of granting such license, give to the person obtaining the fame, a certificate thereof, which cer- Huh produe tilicate shall at every time the person or persons so licensed, shall when they purchase any unmanufactured tobacco, from any importer of to- "

hacco, or person licenl’ed to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, be A'ill cndorie-produced to such importer or person licensed, as aforesaid, who u.Y'You'1* shall endorse on such certificate the number of hogfficads fold, allb tl,'rco"'kc-the marks, numbers, and weight upon each hogffield, the place where, and time when, the name of the ship in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the person to whom the same shall be fold, and the time of such fate; and such importer or his known clerk, shall sign importer or such endorsement, and such certificate, with such endorlement, as cSfcmifm, aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper officer for granting per- " mits before such officer, shall grant a permit for such tobacco, and officer for such officer shall at the time of granting every such permit, specify S'nbJ" on such endorsement, the date and number of the permit, and the flcclli'

’ r 7 thereon;

place where the same shall be granted, and sign his name thereto,

and in case any unmanufactured tobacco shall be sold by any per- when one

ion licensed to manufacture lobacco, or deal in the fame, to any

7 ' iciis unmnnu-

other person licensed to manufacture tobacco or deal in the fame, laflorcd e-

‘ ... . 1 r baccotoan-

the officer for granting a permit lor conveying the lame to the other, officer

person buying the lame, shall enter on the certificate of the feller em!fia\",°'

of such tobacco, the time,of granting such permit, and to whom 6 c-

the fame was granted, and upon every transfer the fame requifircs the like on

shall be performed as are directed upon the first sale of the impor- YYY

ter: and every such manufacturer or dealer in tobacco, shall, on ccrllfic"lcJ

1 J 7 7 to be given

every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, quarterfy to Vol. XVIII. ' 6 A twenty- coll,:stors’

and on every aq March, or within 10 days after, fhuil deliver such certificates to col* leftors, penalty iooIr

if a certificate be filed up before time for returning, collector shall give another;

ct’llettors to inter ccitifv-c.ucs, and transnm them to refill{-r-£ci.eial.

tool pc-

nr.liy K r not producing certificate to < <lic-.T, or rC-tniing f, let »)'m ti,l'«(d

l: trdnfe-Jnetus be orafud or altered coik-imfTioners t’iay annul ‘l-miie, and ico!, lor* foiled.

The ihiriy-seventh Year of George III. twenty-ninth day ot September, and twenty-hfth day of December, or within ten' days after the said days respectively return to the collector of the district in which he or she shall reside, such certificate, together with all endorsements made thereon; and every such collector shall upon receiving fitch certificate, give a new certificate to the person so licensed, and such manufacturer or dealer shallj on every twenty-fifth day of March, or within-ten days after, deliver'to such collector, the certificate by him or her received, as aforesaid, with all endorsements made thereon, and if any such person shall omit to deliver up any such ceitilicate at the respective times aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which any such certificate shall be granted, shall, before any of the days on which the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up by the endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then such collector shall upon such ma-nufacturer or other dealer delivering up to him any such certificate with such endorsements thereon, grant' unto such manufacturer or dealer, a new certificate, on which such account of all tobacco to be purchased by him, in such manner, and within such times respectively shall be cn-dorfed; and every such collector shall, upon receiving from, such manufacturer or dealer, any such certificate with such endorsements thereon, enter the fame in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith transmit every such certificate with the endorsements thereon, to the register-general of tobacco.

XLDf. And be it enacted, That if any perfim so licensed, shall not on demand made by any officer of the revenue, produce to such officer such certificate with the endorsements which shall have been made thereon, or not fufler such officer to examine the fame, then such person so licensed, shall for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any endorsement made on such certificate shall appear to the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them to have been erased, obliterated or fraudulently altered, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three of them, to annul or vacate the license granted to the person or persons whose certificate shall have been erased, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, and the person to whom ftieli certificate so 2 erased,

7be thirty-feoenth Year of George III. 463

erased, obliterated, or altered, shall have been granted, A.D. shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. *797*

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all tobacco manufactured or unmanufactured, of what quality or species soever; and; f ^'"eor all snuff above the weight of ten pounds, that shall- be , lb-rc;

_ m vicl from

conveyed from any one place in this kingdom, to another, ..;.t place m

n >. e another tvj'.h-

as well from one part or a city or town to another part or.lUtaperinir> such city or town, as from any city or town to any other part of the kingdom, shall and may be fei'zed by any officer of his ll.°rf«> Majesty's revenue, and shall be deemed to be smuggled " goods, and forfeited as such, together with the horses, cart, car, or other carriage conveying the fame, unless the carrier or person conveying the same shall produce a permit, given by the proper officer of the revenue for the conveying of such tobacco or snuff, for upon demand of any officer of the revenue.

XLV. And be it enacted, That no unmanufactured or Ni),^'lcc0

7 or snuff ex-

manufactured tobacco, tobacco-stalks, or snuff, exceeding ceding i=n»-

Ih.ll be con

in quantity ten pounds weight in the whole, although in veyed to one separate packages, shall be conveyed either by land or by water at any one time, by any one conveyance, and directed to any one person, or to different persons in partner- without ship in trade, without a permit being first obtained from the proper officer of the place from whence such tobacco, tobacco-stalks, or snuff, shall be removed, which permit shall'accompany the same to the place to which the fame is to be conveyed,

XLVI. And be -it enacted, That all tobacco and snuff Tobacco

found in the possession of any buyer or retailer of manu-

faflured tobacco, for which a permit or certificate sufficient to piotefl. the same shall not be produced shall be forfeited, Uipti be(br-1 r I oc.-l, and

and the person in whose possession the same shall be found, ji.peril), shall forfeit five shillings for every pound weight thereof.

XLVII. Provided always, That if such buyer or retailer Offici!rj of manufactured tobacco or snuff, shall produce a permit or 'wear

r r cicnlers in to-

certificate for any such tobacco or snuff so found in his or bscco, to her possession, it shall be lawful for any officer of the reve- permits and nue to administer an oath to such buyer or retailer of ma- tK'scc,> *-'c-nufactured tobacco, that such tobacco is the identical tobacco which had been received with such permit, or with the permit on which such certificate was granted, and that 6 A 2 such

464 ' the thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

such permit or certificate, to the best of the knowledge of 1797. such buyer or retailer of tobacco had not been made use of Chap.fz. to cover or protect any other tobacco; and if such buyer or retailer of tobacco, shall refuse to take such oath, all such tobacco for which such permit or certificate shall be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the person in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit Five

shillings for every pound weight thereof.

All con-

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all contrails, promises,-imnufiftured notes, bills, bonds, judgments, or other securities given or executed by any person where the whole or any part of the manufacture con^u*erat'on any such contrail, promise, or security

under 9d.i1. shall be for any tobacco in leaf or manufactured, which if permits have unmanufactured, shall have been sold at a less price than at the rate of six pence halfpennj for each pound weight thereof; and which if manufactured shall have been fold for a less price than at the rate of nine pence halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, or for any tobacco with which such permit as herein mentioned shall not have been granted shall be utterly void, and no suit shall be maintained thereon, in any court of law or equity.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if. any fhch tobacco shall be sold for ready money, at any lower price than at the respective rates aforesaid, by the pound, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons buying or purchasing such tobacco, to recover from the seller or sellers thereof, a f.im equal to the full amount of such tobacco so fold, as aforesaid, to be filed foT and recovered by1 civil bill in a court of proper jurisdiction.

L. And be it enacted, That ail tobacco taken out of any original package, shall be deemed to be taken out fur the purpose of manufacturing; and if any manufacturer of or dealer m tobacco, shall open any package of tobacco for licctoMm- t'ie purpose-ot taking any tobacco out of such package, except in the prpfence of the proper officer of excise, or after twenty-four hours previous notice thereof, having been given to such officer to attend, and his neglecting to attend pursuant thereto, in which notice shall be expressed the package or packages which is or are intended to be opened, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and such manufacturer or dealer, or so;ne

person

not been granted, Hiatt be void.

Ready money paid for totMcc-i, at luWir rate,

tliiin aJorc fui>1, maj be recoveted.

yol. penal* tyfor opening a pack agv, cx'.ept in prciinceot an oriices or

4%

D. 797-

The thirty-Jeveittb Year of George III.

person on his or her behalf, shall shew such officer out of A. what package of tobacco in his or her stock, he, or (lie in- - tends to take the fame, anti shall in the prefcncc of such officer, weigh every parcel from time to time, taken out of nanaf-norer

i-i r r r ito the tv <.£i

any such package, and specify in writing the quantity of each tk« pack* parcel intended to be pnt in case, and the quantity intended ^kVo'iinf! for cane, pigtail, cot and snuff, and weigh every such par-ccl before any part thereof shall be net, or be put in case, or *",lls Pre-shall be dripped from the (talk, nr fpnn, or in default there- specify as of such manufacturer shall forfeit the sum of twenty c^pMa'iy"* pounds for every such offence: provided always, that it shall a’1-be lawful for every such manufacturer or dealer, to take out alb.per pack-

age allowed

of any such package, any quantity of tobacco not exceeding fur (ample*, two pounds in weight for samples.

LI. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall cause to be branded or painted, on a conspicuous part of every tabic, with or without a spinning-wheel, names, an & which shall be kept by him or her, or be in his or her pof- HriThmlm session for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which to- "U),i . bacco may be spun, and on every wheel used with such table, his and her name and fnrname, and the number of the table, beginning with number one, and proceeding in the common arithmetical progression, until every such table .-shall be numbered, and every such person in whose posses-'fion shall be found any table for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, or any wheel which shall not have been so branded or painted, or on which the fame number shall be branded or'painted; if two or more of such tables shall be branded or painted with a similar number, 'shall forfeit for every such table or wheel, the sum of twenty pounds, and every such tabic or wheel shall be S'abiBor forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue. fot‘

LII. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing to- Entry of bacco, shall before any license for manufacturing the fame be wheels, ac. be granted, make particular entry in writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, or under the hand of his, her, or their known (°n by ra»-clerk, with the collector of the district, in which he or she shall before license reside, of every tobacco table, and the number of wheels and >* granted; spindals for spinning tobacco thereunto belonging, and of every press and fniiff-mill kept by him, her, or them, and also of all houses, work-houses, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other VOL. XVIII. 6 B places,

z Ub)cs or wheels'flull notbciiurked with fame number;

466 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

and of all ltoufcs, worl:-houfi.'s f. c.

iluiinj’viilliirg as herein 5 coiL&orio certify eniiy a: foot of . duplicate;

> every tabic &c.»*:c. where not licensed, or not entered, or not ivheic mentioned in entry, shall bejJorfcued, and 20l. per

table. Sec.

for every huufe, &c.

not in cm.y, 50*. Unit be forfeited, ;lnd all uli.ice '>, innfl*, caii.'., *c.

places, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made ufi. of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of tobacco, or snuff, distinguishing the places where Inch tobacco table or tables, and . wheels, tobacco profits, and fnufi-mills, are respectively intended to be kept, and shall tender to such collector a duplicate of fitch cutty, and such collector thall, at the foot thereof, certify that the fame is a duplicate of the entry made with him, and the same shall in all.cases be evidence cf every such entry; and every tobacco table, tobacco wheel, tobacco profs, or other engine or instrument for prelling tobacco, and (intlf-mi!, which shall he found in the possession of a person not licensed to manufacture tobacco or (huff, or which shall be found in the pofllfiion of any person who shall be licensed to manufacture tobacco or snuff, and of which such entry shall not have been made by fuel) person, or which shall be found in any room or place, other than such rooms or places as shall be mentioned in such entry for the keeping thereof, shall he forfeited and seized, and the person in whole heuse, out-house, or poffc/Iion, the same shall be feund, shall forfeit for every such table, wheel, press, or mill, the sum of twenty pounds; and every manufacturer of tobacco, shall, for every house, ware-house, work-house, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, which shall he used for manufacturing, keening, or felling his, her, or their tobacco or fnttff, of which such entry shall not have been made, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all tobacco and (miff, which shall at any time he found therein, with all caflts, vessels, and packages whatsoever, containing the fame, shall he forfeited and seized, by any officer or officers of the revenue.

Where en-try is made by a n>a»u-

fafturer, of any warc-

honfv*, ire.

no other entry lh.il! be made by any person notin partnership:

LIII. And be it enacted, That where any entry shall be made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff, of any ware-house, work-house, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place for mariufadtiiring, keeping, or felling tobacco or snuff, no other entry shall be made by any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff, not being in partnership with such manufacturer or manufacturers making such first entry of the fame ivare-house or work-house, or of any (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place for the manufacturing, keeping or felling tobacco or snuff, under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement of which

further entry such first entry shall be then existing, and every such further en-vojd; and all try made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of the fame house, therein,’nm' or of any shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place under the fame ot’personswlio ro°fj or within the same house or tenement, shall be void, and all made first tobacco and snuff, and the packages containing the fame, and all

fdted’. or implements for manufacturing tobacco and snuff found therein.

not

4<J 7

A.D.

>797-Chap. 42.

Tables exceeding 4t feet: ’ tli’,

Lmcco tables rveept as herein.

7be tb'irty-fcccnlh Year of George III.

not the property of the person or persons having made the first entry, shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of the revenue.

LIV. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, with or without a wheel on which any tobacco shall be ma-nufafitured, and which shall exceed the length of four feet, and fi..*(i’th'><;S

he of the breadth of twenty-one inches, shall be confulcred as a to- docmed m hacco table, within the intent and meaning of this act, unless such table, bench, or other fixture, he kept by a licensed manufacturer, and be used only for the purpefe of fixing a fnuffi.mil! or mills thereto, cr for making tobacco into rolls, after the fame hath been (pun.

LV. And be it er.afi.ed. That c-very table, bench, or other fix- Every table

tore used for the purpose of manufacturing tobacco, which Audi fc°[iolI|j?in0j1

be of greater length than twenty-one feet, or be of greater breadth in,d'"

0 ° ° bread, deem-

than twenty-one inches, shall be considered as two tables; and any cd 21

table with which more than one wheel shall or inav be used at the cons-

r . ' dcrftl ns

lame time, shall he confulered to he lo many tables, as shall be equal in mi in

equal to the number of wheels used, or which may be used there-

with, at one time. liiircwnti.

LVI. And be it enacted, That tb.e surveyors, gaugers, or other Offices to officers of the revenue, shall from time to time, make return or report in writing, to the collector in their respefilive difirifits, of the duties of excise chargeable on tobacco, and of the persons chuga. chargeable therewith, in such districts respectively, and such return or report shall be a charge on all such persons-

LVII. And be it enacted, That the inland or excise duty on tobacco, shall be paid by the manufafiturer or manufacturers, or person or persons taking tobacco out of the original package, to the collector of the district, within seven days after such package shall fTfnm|JA be opened, for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of the fame, "/’-o' except for a sample, or in default thereof, all such tobacco shall be forfeited and seized; and every manufacturer or person who shall make default therein, shall for every such default, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also one Hulling for every pound weight of tobacco contained in such original package.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if any importer or other per- tv. for < who son dealing in tobacco, shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any jl/./o'/u, person, without procuring a permit for conveying such tobacco to oul *. such person, or if any tobacco imported by, or which shall have ttockisilc-come into the posscfTion of any importer of, or dealer in tobacco, , I,cta^"I's,h‘ shall not at any time afterwards be produced or fltewn to any of- wcx-flcer of excise, upon his demanding the fame from such importer cr‘'<l"t)'’

6 B 2

Excise dn-tv n be paid within 7 days after opening. except

or

468 The thirty-seventh Year of' George III.

A.D.

or dealer, or his clerk or servant; and if-it shall not appear that *797- such tobacco was conveyed from such importer or dealer by virtue of a permit, such importer or dealer shall be liable to, and pay the inland or excise duty thereon, according to the weight for which officers to the import duty thereon was paid-; and the officer of excise shall charge such importer or dealer with such duty, and shall make a double doty return thereof to the collector of the district; and if such im-nofptdd^vhh- P°rter or dealer shall not pay the duty with which he shall be in 10 days, charged in such return, within ten days after-such return shall be togiheadf* made, he shall forfeit double the amount of the duty returned, and also the sum of twenty pounds for ovary hogshead, or other package of such tobacco.

Dealers in

LIX. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing to-pjyexcise"111 bacco, or dealing therein as aforesaid, shall pay the said inland or dutjyunicfs excise duty for all tobacco which shall be fold or delivered to such such was (old person, unlef9 he or (lie shall prove that such tobacco had been fold wMehboughr; V*m OT herm the same state in which he or she bought the fame, and to whom the fame was fold, and that a permit was obtained -andorfement for conveying the same to the purchaser; and the aforesaid en-fluii be cv> dorfement on the said certificate of license, shall be evidence of the dl':’cc’ sale of tile tobacco to such manufacturer or dealer.

Officers

LX. And be it enacted, That the respective duties to be paid by ricVuhrarthl Persons Kcensed to manufacture tobacco, or otherwise to deal in n'T'b l*,c ^ame» as aforesaid, and the inland or excise duty on tobacco, >8 c. 1. 7 may be levied by the officers of his Majesty's revenue, and such officers may, with the afiiltance of a constable in the day-time, levy such fmn or sums as ought to be paid by tlte respective persons, fob-jest to such licenses, by distress and sale of the parties goods, in i'uch manner, and by such ways, as the revenue arising by hearth-money is appointed to be levied and collected in and by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional act for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by bearth-money.

tt'cbjcco.

LXI. And be it enactetl, That if any tobacco-table, or wheel,

found where or any tobacco-press, or snuff-mill, shall be found in the possession Dbi^n’ieaf any Per*oni bsving also in his or her possession any tobacco in fcc- leaf, or in a date of manufacture, or any unmanufactiired tobacco,

nuSared"' exceeding the weight of one pound; or if any unmanufactured to-i^more'lhuo bacco shall be found in the possession of any person, having also in lb- msnu- 1,1$ or her poHellion any manufactured tobacco, exceeding the

m.v-ufaUu- weight of one pound; or if any tobacco in a date of manufacture, d«m°rmu- *’e f°ul’J >n the possession of any person, the same shall be nuiaasrers, condusive evidence that such person is a manufacturer of, and had

and liable to

renultisj. 3 manufactured

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

manufadhired tobacco, ant! such person shall be subject to all such penalties as manufacturers of tobacco are subject to, for any of Tcncc against this act.

LXII. And be it enacted, That every person not being a manu-fadturer of tobacco, who shall fell tobacco or I'tuilf by retail, {lull take out a license for that purpose, from the collector of the dillrict in which lie or flic shall rcfitlej which license Inch collector shall grant without fee or reward; and that every person not lieenfed to manufacture tobacco, in whole pnflellion shall he found more than two pounds of manufactured tobacco, or one pound of fnuiF, shall be deemed a retailer of tobacco; and unless such person shall produce such license as aforesaid, for retailing the fame, lie or flic shall forfeit five pounds, and all tobacco or fluff found in his or her possession, shall be-forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the

469

A.D. 1797. Chap. 4*.

(no fee for ncctife,)

unlicensed pci suns who h.it r more than 2II). of* tob.s.co, or ) Jo. oi IllUliv f.ji f'cit 5l. and all tobacco am! fnufr.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That no drawback or allowance of the duty on tobacco, shall he paid on the export of any manufactured tobacco, unless the fame be exported in packages not Id's than two hundred pounds weight each, nor unless due proof he fir1! made, that the leaf toh.ieeo whereof it is manufactured, had paid the duties required by law, on the importation thereof.

LXIV. And be it enacted, Tint at or before the shipping for exportation, of any manufadmred or unmanufactured tobacco, the exporter or c-Xportets, with two or more persons to be approved of by the collector, or other chief officer of the port from which such tobacco shall he exported, of whom the niafler or other person having the charge or command of the lliip or veiled in which Inch tobacco is intended to be exported, shall he one, shall give security by bond to his Majesty, in a penalty after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every pound weight of Inch tobacco, that such tobacco- so shipped, or any part thereof, shall not lie re-landed within this kingdom, or the isles of Man, Faro or Ferro; and such security mail be discharged-in the manner herein mentioned; that is to say, for such tobacco as shall be entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jerl'ey, Alderney or Sari;, the condition of the bond dull he to bring a certificate ill discharge thereof, within six months Irom the date of the bond, and within eighteen months lor fitch tobacco as shall he entered for, and landed in any of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories iti America or Africa, which ceitilieate for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall he landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majesty's culloms shall he resident, shall he ligned by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's culloms there, and shall tcftify that such tobacco was there landed; and for such tobacco as afore-Vol. XVIII. 6 C fluid,

No draw, back on export ofmanu-f’adureJ tobacco in pickagrs under *co!b. m'r tinJcf/ du y was p-uJ.

Exporter and 2 furcticj, thr mailer bring one, to give freu-riiy not to rc.|.n.d tobacco, nor to lam! it on tlx iilcs of Mas;, Faro or Kcrro:

how A'Ctiri*.-/

nun be dii-durged;

condition of bond;

47°

A.D.

797-Chap. 42

bond discharged,if goods are taken or loll at Tea.

CoMors to fend monthly re* turns of to bacco import cd, 11 regis-tcr-gcntrdl;

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

laid, as shall he entered for the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, AI-. derney or Sark, such certificate shall he signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, if any such officer shall be re-liding in the said islands respectively; and in case there shall be no such officers rofident there, then by the governor or deputy governor of such islands, and for such tobacco as shall be entered for any foreign port, to bring a certificate, if fitch port shall be in Europe, tyithin six months, and if in Africa or America, within eighteen months, under the hand and seal of his Majesty's consul, if any such be there, and if not, under the hand and seal of the chief magistrate of such port, and under the hands and seals of two known merchants then being at such port, that such tobacco was there landed or such bond or bonds shall be di'scharged in any of the said cases, if such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the tea, upon proof being made thereof, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the collector, or other proper officer of the revenue, at every port in this Kingdom, where tobacco (Hall be imported, shall once in every calendar month, tr.mf-mit or deliver to the person appointed by the chief commissioners of the revenue to the office of the register-general of tobacco, one

of the land-waiters books in which his account shall be entered, of the landing and dileharging of tobacco imported at such port; and copies of and also true copies of every entry of tobacco for exportation, and exportation, of the several endowments relating thereto, which shall be deliver-dorTrmenis- Cl'to ^ie proper officer or officers at such port where such tobacco nod copies of shall be entered and shipped for exportation; and also true copies Kvered roof cvel7 accounts which pursuant to the directions herein given, Jeers,- /half be delivered to any officer of the revenue of such port, of tobacco intended to he manufactured by the importer or importers thereof on his, her, or their own account, or which shall be delivered by the importer or importers thereof to any other person to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers, and also true copies of every account, which pursuant to the directions herein given, shalf be delivered to any officer or officers at such port or place by the importer or importers of tobacco sold by inch accounts them to any person; which several accounts are to be kept by the regm^ge- register-general of tobacco, who is to keep proper books, and enter nerat of to- therein the several accounts so transmitted to him, which several

bacco, who

jh.ii) enter entries shall be made, and an account thereof kept in such man-kccp'books ner> as marks and numbers on every hogshead, calk,

dir'-fld" case, or other package of tobacco, with the weight thereof

at importation, may be compared and chequed with the marks, I - numbers

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 471

numbers and weights, at the exportation thereof, or when fold A.D.

and delivered for home consumption, or to be manufactured, to 1797*

the intent that the identity of all such tobacco imported, fold, or

delivered to be manufactured, may be thereby known or afeer-

tained; and when any thing shall appear to him to he done or regiiicr-..--

piaftifed at any port, contrary to the directions and intentions of

this act, he shall immediately deliver an account thereof in Willing

to the commissioners of the revenue; and if any collector or other colicaors.ttc.

chief officer of the revenue, shall neglect or refuse to transmit any dS-0

of the land-waiter’s books, and a true copy of every entry of to- cJ- li>rlcit

bacco for exportation, and of the several endorsements relating thereto, herein mentioned, and also true ccpies of all the accounts

herein mentioned, within the times hereby directed, lie and they

lo neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit fifty pounds for every such

neglect or refusal.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That every importer and manufec- Every Person turer of, or dealer in tobacco, and every other person who shall Hum stof"' have in his, her, or their custody or possession, whether in the king’s (lores, or in any other place, or in the custody of any other to col-person or persons for his, her, or their own use, any tobacco exceeding in quantity five pounds weight, either of his, her, or their property, or the property of any other person or persons, shall deliver to the collector of the district where such person or persons shall reside, a true account in writing of his, her, or their name or what shall be names, and places of abode, and of the true quantity of tobacco ruch account, which such person or persons shall, at the time of giving in such account, have in his, her, or their custody or pofiession, or in the possession of any other person for his, her, or their use, which account shall also contain the outward bulk of every hogffield, cask, chest, or other package in which such tobacco shall be contained, and also each of the several and respective marks and numbers set upon every such hogffield, calk, chest, or other package respectively, and distinguistung the quantity contained in each of them, and also the quantities in case or loose, and the quantity in (talk, and number of rolls, to wit, fmtff-rolls, cane or pigtail, separately, with the exact weight thereof, and the particular warc-houses, stor.e-houses, cellars, or other places where the same are then lodged; which account shall be signed by such person, or one of his, accents to b» her, or their known servants or agents, with their several names r, E"cd-and places of abode; and shall in like manner within ten days after A like ac-every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, ^omer!"y twenty-fifth -day of December, and twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, give and deliver to such collector, a like account as is 6 C 2 herein

co. urmlty iof ne*lc£t, in any ot said cases;

if account be false,tobacco* Sec. shall be forfeited, and treble value.

collectors to give certificates on receipt of accounts

certificates produced to officers o*. tvtlcing account of (lock;

cxcccdings of stock forfeit-cd.

collectors \ cause goods to be examined; and shall enter such, and iranfmic accounts to rug. gen. within to

days, penalty zc!.

Persons who JuVe the tobacco of others, and uticover, shall be ind^mni-S-d, and ro-c '/« infor-..Mwr'f mulct,*.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. herein required, in which account shall he contained all such hock of tobacco as he, she, or they had on the said respective days; and in case any such person shall neglect to give any of the accounts herein before directed at the respective times-, and in such manner as herein directed, such person shall for every such omission ot neglect, forfeit the Cum of fifty pounds; and in cale any such account thall appear falle or fraudulent, all such tobacco-(talks, liuilT-roll, or other kind of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall lie given, and the calks, chests, cases, or other packages containing the fame, shall he forfeited, and shall be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and the person or persons so offending, shall forfeit trenlc the value thereof; and every such collector or other chief officer shall, upon receipt of such account, give a certificate to the person or persons giving in the fame, of the quantity of tobacco by such person or persons so returned to such collectin', or other chief-officer, to be in iiis, her, or their custody, power or pi (Tlffion, which certificate shall lie produced by such person nr persons to the officer who shall take an account of his, her, or their flock, and if such officer or officers upon examining such stock, shall find the fame exceed the quantity mcifiined in such certificate, such exceeding shall be forfeited, and may be seized by such officer, out of any tobacco then in the pnfidiion of the person or persons forfeiting the fame; ants every such collector or otherchief officer, shall also upon receipt of such accounts, forthwith'cause the several goods contained in such accounts, to lie examined thereby, and shall then enter such accounts in a book, to be kept by every such collector, or otlter chief officer for that purpose, and then every such collector, or other, chief officer, shall forthwith transmit such accounts to the register-general of tobacco; and in case any collector or.other chief officer, shall omit to transmit such account to the register-general, within ten days after he shall have receivedIthe fame, such collector or chief officer shall, for every such omission, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if the person in whose custody such tobacco, being the property of any other person, shall be found, shall inform of such concealed tobacco, such person so informing of the fame, shall he admitted to give evidence thereof, and shall in case such information or discovery be found true, not only be indemnified against, and exempted from the aforesaid penalty by him incurred for so concealing the fame, but shall also'receive the informers moiety, of what the same shall fell for.

7 he thirty-seventh Year of George III. 473

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any increase shall be found in A.D. any part of the flock of any importer, manufactnrcr, or dealer in, 1797-or retailer of tobacco, or other person so under flock as aforesaid, Chap^j... above the quantities which shall appear by the flock account kept if ilocfc U by the gauger or officer of the walk wherein such importer, manu-fafturer, dealer, retailer, or other person (half reside, ought to be in the possession of such person, it shall and may be lawful for any inch. 10 much officer of the revenue to seize out of any part of the (lock of such Id?»!ldyV."" person a quantity equal to the quantity so found increased, unless JV®1- (0‘" a permit or certificate sufficient to protect such tobacco, shall on demand made by such officer, be produced, or proof made that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards loft or miilaid, and the person or persons in whose flock such increase shall be found, shall forfeit five shillings for every pound weight which shall be found so increased.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every officer inspeding the Officers.

v 1 0 give a copy

itock of tobacco of any person so under stock as aforesaid, shall, of account of

after he shall enter an account of tile fame, give a true copy of his said entry to such person who shall shew the flock, and give a de-

claration thereof; which copy, without alteration or erafement, evidence on

shall be signed by such officer, and on any difference arising be- lrral'

tween such person so under stock, and such officer, on account of any charge of increase in stock, such copy may be produced by

such person so under stock, on any trial upon any information

which may he brought against such person, for any such increase

of stock, and shall be received as evidence thereon.

LXX. And be it enacted, Tint it shall he lawful for any officer Officers may of the revenue, to enter as well by night as by day, but if between "!;!' the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and iix of the clock in the morning, in the pretence of a conftuble, or other peace p;it,u c-

0 r n 1 ttii in t!ie mom-

oITietr, into the nouie, stores, mops, cellars, and all other places ing; of, or belonging to any person buying, manufacturing, felling,

Soring or keeping in his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity of tobacco, and from time to time to take an account of the tobacco found therein; am) if any person so buying, felling, c&i. penalty manufacturing, or fioring, or keeping in his, her, or their custody [^c1j"'den°r or possession, any quantity of to.'tacco as aforesaid, or such person’s wife, principal servant, or other person usually entrusted with the care of the stock of such person’s buying, felling, or floring tobacco, shall refuse or hinder any such officer or his assistant or aC-fistants, to enter into any of his, her, or their houses, flores,

(hops, cellars, or other places, or having permitted them to enter, shall afterwards refuse to permit them to take, or prevent them Vol. XVIII. 6 D from

474 thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

from taking an account, from time to time, of all tobacco there

1797- found, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and in

case any officer or officers shall not get admittance, after having

id. penalty demanded the fame, and declared his or their name or names and

taUtin^of- business; and after having waited halt an hour after such demand

(icer, a.'icr made, at the cate or door of any manufacturer of tobacco, such

nailing half

an heur. manufacturer of tobacco shall, for every such offence, forfeit the

sum of ten pounds.

nufa'aVrcbe-" 1>XXI. And be it enacted, That no manufacturer of tobacco uvccnioin shall manufacture, or cause to be manufactured any tobacco, be-6 in morning, tween the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and fix of the holliriicirc c'loc': in the morning following, without first giving four hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, whole duty it is to keep an account of the stock of such manufacturer, and it shall be lawful for such officer, after the receipt of such notice, to enter without a constable or other peace officer into the tvork-house, flore-house, shop, or other place, at any hour whatsoever, during the night, in which such manufacturer shall give notice of his intention to work, ami to tike an account of all tobacco therein, and infnest the same.

2t which time cllicer may enter wiilinn: n constable.

jcl* p--:u!ty fur in.Mi’ii.iw* turin:*

two

iv ith-

AI! tobacco may be weighed, except such as is intcndeil lor liiu/K;

id. penalty

if Inch be oOuTwife ufthi.

Al1 dealers in tub cco diivv At cl;, ir.it >c5 See. &c. to otHci-rs when required.

i.XXII. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco shall be found to have been manufactured, or in process of manufacture in any work-lioulc, or other place belonging to any such manufacturer between the hours aforesaid, without such notice as aforesaid having been first given, every such manufacturer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the revenue, to weigh all tobacco in or out of case, except such tobacco ns shall at the time of being put into case, be declared by such manufacturer in writing, under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person or persons authorized by him or her in that behalf, to be intended for (huff; and if any tobacco so declared to be put into case for snuff, shall afterwards be tiled for any other purpose, every such manufacturer shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That every importer, manufacturer, retailer of, and dealer in tobacco, shall as often as he or 1 they shall he required by any officer of the revenue, shew to such officer all his dock of tobacco and snuff, and every frame, box, or press, used by him or her in the manufacturing the fame, and every calk, canister, or other vessel used by him or her for keeping or storing his or her ImilY; and shall furn ffi such officer with sufficient light in all celiais and o.lier places of such importer, manufacturer,

The thirly-seventh Year of George III. 475

fa£lurer, retailer, or dealer, and weigh such parts of his (lock as A.D.

shall be required by such oliicer in his prcleiice, and furnish just 1797.

feales and weights for weighing the fame, and attend with a proper Chap.42. number of his servants for that purpoi'e, and if any such importer, e-——' manufacturer, retailer or dealer, shall not on demand of any of- ii.lVsfcii... ficer of the revenue, shew and weigh his, her, or their flock of tobacco or fnulf, and every part thereof, except tobacco in case, which has been declared in manner by this act directed to he intended for (hull', or shall not furnish such oilicer with sufficient light, or just (cales and weights, or attend with a sufficient number of his servants to weigh the fame; or shall not (heiv and de- and declare clare in writing under his hand, within half an hour, if such of-*c‘*" iicer shall have demanded the fame, the quantity of hip, her, or their separate flocks of tobacco loose or in package, cr number of roils of cane and pigtail, or fnuffroll, or quantity of llalk-tobacco, or tobacco in case, particularly expressing the quai'.tiiies of each kind, or shall net declare the (lock of tobacco lo shewn, to be the entire (lock then on hands of such importer, manufacturer, retailer or dealer, every such importer, manufacturer, retailer or dealer, offending in any Inch tale, shall forfeit for every such rol.r-"')' offence, the sum of twenty pounds: And to prevent unnecdTary delays to the officers in the execution of their laid duty, it is here- totweenor by directed, that all tobacco that shall he weighed upon the officer's nation wTe" demand as aforesaid, shall he weighed in several parcels, each of *1';, a distiuft and separate species or denomination, containing not less packagesn than fc-ir hundred and twenty-five pounds in each draft, and that undl-r i3!1"-all packages of tobacco exceeding that weight, shall be weighed without breaking or dividing the lame; and it any person in whose Hilfc ImV, possession inch tobacco shall be found, shall in weighing his, her, and ml. or their (lock, tffeorcanfe to be tiled, any untrue or inl’ufiicient feales or weights, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit such feales and weights, together with twenty pounds.

LXXV. And be it emitted, That lo toon as any manufacturer wtienro!) of tobacco shall have Imillied manufacturing any tobacco so put in case as aforesaid, intended for roll-t bacco, lie ff all immediately 'icchraiion deliver to the surveyor or gauger, or other proper officer of the walk loofficcrfcon-'.vhcrein such manufacturer shall have been licens'ed to manufacture tobacco, a declaration in writing, Ipccifying the number of rolls 'ogl't. &c. of tobacco, and weight of lobacco-stalks and flams arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco pm into every such ea'e; and shall keep pnra^'24 all Inch roll-tobacco, stalks and Items, separate from all other rolls l,.ou,s^on

’ 1 URIC OF

of tobacco, stalks or Items, for the I pace of twenty-four hours Wiwrfnj from the time of delivering such declaration, or until the officer or until .-m ’

6 D

n m account 13 fl1 taken;

" si. penalty tn laid cales.

Manufacturers and retailers of fmiiF :o provide vcJTcIf, and to number and nur!: them as herein directed, penalty iol.

rs. per pound penalty on taking out permits :*>r more than dccr.j.e of dock, allow-i»; aolb. per irclb. for enercafe on rS.\ to'o cco.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

shall have taken an account thereof, and shall in like manner so soon as he or she shall have fmished manufacturing any tobacco weighed out of case, and declared to have been intended for snuff into snuff-roll, immediately deliver to such surveyor or gauger, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of snuff-rolls and weight thereof, arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco, (talks and (terns, so Weighed out of case for snuff-roll, and shall keep such snuff-rolls separate and apart from all other snuff-roll, lor the space of twenty-four hours, from the time of delivering such declaration, or until the officer shall have taken an account thereof, and shall in like manner, so soon as he or she shall have finished ma-nufaduring into snuff, any snuff-roll or tobacco weighed out in manner aforesaid for snuff, immediately deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the weight of such snuff, and returns of tobacco, as shall be produced from such snuff-roll or tobacco respectively, and shall keep such snuff separate from all other snuff, for the space of twenty-four hours, or until the officers shall have taken an account thereof; or shall for every omii-fion in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the film of fifty pounds.

LXXVI. And be it emfied, That every manufacturer or retailer of snuff, shall at his own expense, provide casks or other vessels lor storing his or her snuff in, and thall number each such calk or vessel in arithmetical progression, beginning with the number one, and shall mark thereon the exact tare or weight thereof, and place and keep all such casses and vessels in such manner and form, as that the officers of excise may easily weigh the fame, and examine the contents thereof; and if any snuff shall be found in the possession of any manufacturer or retailer of snuff, except in calks or vessels numbered and marked as aforesaid, such manufacturer or retailer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ter. pounds.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear by sufficient proof, that such person or persons so under (lock, as aforesaid, shall have delivered or taken out permit or permits, for mot* tobacco than a decrease shall appear for in the dock of such person’s tobacco, such person shall forfeit at the rate of five shillings per pound, for every pound it shall be proved he or (lie shall have so delivered, r for which a permit or permits shall have been taken out, ( . Inch there shall not be a proportionable decrease in his or her ttock of mbacco, making a reasonable allowance, not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every hundred pounds j weight,

OH lob, U CO

if c.caled in c,j.\

!The thirly-fevaith Year of George III. 477

weight, as an increase by nunufaduro cr. all roll tobacco iokl or A.D. delivered. c\~'

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every mamifadurer of to-bacco, shall be charged with the duty of excise for all tobacco ^ Kwue Jc-which shall be found increased in any tobacco in case, and shall it, cha-Vi forfeit live shillings for every pound weight of inch tobacco lb in-creal'ed as al'oresaid.

I.XXIX. And be it enacted, That every such mamdadurer, I’yifm: retailer, or Other person buying or during tobacco for hitnleif or uJ;,?..-bat. any other person, as aforesaid, shall, at the rajncll of any officer of excise, thew or cause to be ffiewn to him inch tobacco; and till »«t»cco

o o'licers, on

other tobacco winch he or flic may then have on hamit, and de- icju.ft; clare what he or she shall then ilicw, or cause to he shewn, is all the dock of tobacco which he or she shall then have; and a; often aiJ Gu! dc-as any officer of the revenue shall visit such person’s house or (lores, vl-" such person at the request of such officer, shall declare whether any of-and what part of such (lock of tobacco was iold or delivered fmcc the lad inlpcttion thereof by the officer, and in that case such person shall declare to such officer, out of what pared the fame was taken, together with the number thereof, and to whom delivered; and shall produce to such officer the copy of the certificate for such coni-: of

parcel, in order that the quantity so delivered may he endorsed b-"nJuc'dl thereon, or in default or refusal thereof, shall forfeit the sum of pe.uhj-to', ten pounds.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco or

1 boxes lo be

and (null, shall make, ered, preserve, and keep or cause to be cr.fte.lfor made, eroded, preferred and kept, a frame or frames, box or baccoTocafc, boxes close boarded'or raised, of such dimensions as shall bed suit such manufacturer’s convenience, for the purpose of laying his or her tobacco in case therein, and shall place or fix the fame how such . in a convenient manner, so that any officer of the revenue may, at all times easily in','.ct inch frame or frame’s, box or boxes, and bvfaoi; take the dimensions thereof; and such manufacturers so often as tobacco to they shall lay any tobacco in case, shall lay the fame in case, in cafo, oenal? such frame or frames, box or boxes, as aforesaid, or in default V lol‘ therco , a very person so offending, shall for every such offence forte it tuc sum of ten pounds.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That all tobacco so put in case, to be manufactured into roll tobacco or snuff, shall be put therein in manuMitr. the day time, within the space of three days after the same shall '0nre(,"'£ n°2j be unpacked, and shall be put therein in such frame or frames, ^fPutinto box or boxes, as aforesaid, in the presence of the officer immediately after weighing the fame, and such tobacco shall be laid level Voi. XVIII. 6 E and

47 8 The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

A. U. and packed close in such box or boxes, frame or frames; and after 1797. the same shall be so done, such mar.ufadhirer shall not add any to-Chap. 42. bacco, tobacco-stalks or (lems thereto, or take out and repack the nmietebeail-fame, or any part thereof, except in the presence of such cfilter, dcu or nk« w[10 flaall take an account thereof in manner aforesaid; and such

Out but in '

strcience of manufacturer shall on every of his or iter packages, parcels, and tickets affixed ro^s of tobacco, both in and out of press, affix to atnl keep as long to each pack-as the same shall remain in his or her custody, a ticket in view penaky!.’ whereon shall be legibly ivritten in words in length on the outside of such ticket, the number of pounds contained in such package or roll, tinder the penalty of five pounds ior every such neglect.

aolb. per

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That upon every computation to

molb. allow- kg ma(]c between immanuladhireii leaf tobacco, and tobacco in ca for cn-

creak-of to- case or manufactured roll tobacco of any kind, a reasonablu ai-

bacco in ma- ..

nufacture; iowance not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every one nun-

dred pounds weight, shall be made for the increase of weiglit it;

manufacture, and upon any computation between utimanufactured

3olb. offnuff

for icolb. of tobacco lift'd.

Condemned tobacco shall bi- 1 ut in pa luges not Ict«* than 4zjlb. before fold;

pack.ipc< to be m liked and immocr* ber.’d;

small ‘ci.'tires weighed lo pam oiy.niul put into jMc’> 4.’-! !-. puri’h f 1 - cf such tobacco to rcci'ttc car ticates without fees;

whit certifi-cai<* ftiail contain, &c.

tobacco and inufl*, the manufacturer shall be allowed a credit not exceeding eighty pounds weight of snuff for every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco used in making such snuff.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all tobacco in packages, containing lcls than four hundred and twenty-five pounds tveigltt, which shall be legally condemned upon seizure, shall before the same shall be fold, be opened and packed in packages, containing not less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each j which packs or packages shall be marked with such mark as the commissioners or collectors of excise shall tiiredt and appoint, and he numbered, and in case different ieizures of liinll quantities of tobacco shall be made, such ieizures shall be weighed leparut-.iy, and afterwards packed togetliet in packages of four bundled and twenty-five pounds weiglit each, in manner aforesaid; and every person who shall buy such tobacco, or any part thereof at any such fide or sales, as aforesaid, shall before such person shall take llic fame into his or her custody, receive a certificate (or the fame from the register of fcizurcs, or furvtyor of the (teres or other proper officer who shall grant tine fame on demand without fee or reward, which certificate shall contain the marks and numbers, net weight, with the buyer’s name, and the day on which such tobacco shall have been fold, which certificate ami tobacco shall be subject and liable to such regulations and pruvisions as in cases of tobacco, bought from an importer, factor, or other person dealing therein.

K<n-

Chap. 4

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III. 479

LXXXIV. And be it emitted, That if any mark or number A.D. which was burned in or set upon any hoglhcad, case, case, or

other package of tobacco, before or at the importation thereof in- __________

to this kingdom, or which was burned in or set thereon in this lfma.k. kingdom before the exportation thereof from lienee, shall he in w n|t..rc,i, anywise altered or defaced, or if such marks or numbers let upon u any hoglhcad, cade, chest, case or other package whatlocvr-r, shall ju,-1. by turning the head or heads of any such hoglhcad, calk, chc!\, iiuti t-’c for. or case, or other package inwards, or by any other means he con-coaled from view, then, and in any such cases, every such hogf-head, calk, chest, case, or other package whatsoever of tobacco, the mark whereof shall he so altered or defaced or concealed, as aforesaid, shall be seized and forfeited.

LXXXV. And be it emitted, That no tobacco shall he laden I'lcki;/. on hoard any ship or vessel in any port in this kingdom, to the intent to be exported except in hogsheads, calks, chells or wooden cases, each containing, if such tobacco shall be unmanufactured, nunuf.itiu. four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, anil if ma- ^oiib.'itiip-nufattured, two hundred pounds weight, or more, upon pain of ^'9" the forfeiture of such tobacco, and of the hogshead, calk, elicit, M he fir-

r . f. feited.

or cale containing the same.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained Not to-.v-shall extend to calks or other packages containing samples of to-hacco, not exceeding ten pounds weight, shipped and exported at 1,‘0® excec'divir-the same time and place with the hogsheads, calks, chests, or ml. shipped

‘ with pitch-

wooden cales, out of which such samples were taken. a;c$ iron

LXXXVII. And be it cnatted, That no drawback shall be al- were^caken lowed for any unmanufactured tobacco, which shall be mixed No draw-with any other matter, nor for any manufactured tobacco, which mannfaflu?jj

or (halt he mixed with any ingredients not necessary or usual in ‘jb"lch°'x"

i any

the manufacturing thereof, and every person who shall enter or other matter;

fltip for exportation, or cause to he entered or shipped for expor-

tation, any tobacco unmanufactured, mixed with any other mat- t',1ba mix-

7 J r J cd with un-

ter, or any manufactured tobacco, otherwise mixed than as afoic- nraiury in-said, or who shall enter any thing for exportation as tobacco, Erca,s^ which upon examination by the proper officer, shall appear not enter tcbacco to be tobacco, contrary to' the true meaning hereof, shall forfeit tcr^any or all such goods, and the hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other ti>ing as packages in which they are contained, and also the sum of one really such, hundred pounds for every hoglhcad, calk, chest, case, or other package thereof. and tool, per

® , ,_hoglhcad.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any manufacturer of Wlcrc tobacco, shall keep any thop or lliops for the retail of manufactured "W ?re not

6 E

adjoining

tobacco, work-housefa

480 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

tobacco or fnuffj 171)1011 shall not be immediately adjoining the 1797- work-house or tvork-houses of such manufacturer, it shall not lie ill3 lawful for any such manufactureer to remove from his ivork-

no Icfiihan house, to any such shop, any less quantity of tobacco than liitv-color0" six pounds weighr, nor less than fifteen pounds weight of fnufl 15 li offnuff at ar)y one t;me. anc| ;p any tobacco or liiufT shall be removed

uctn iciuuvcu oi uuHigui imu any tuui limp, m any ico ijiiamuv

or quantities than as aforesaid, all such tobacco or snuff shall lit forfeited, and such manufactureer shall for every such offence forfeit the i'um of ten pounds.

Fines, Vc.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the lines, p.:-pmSal uk, nalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this act, other than and enter; vcrl'V'c 1"" as by this act is otherwise provided for, shall and may be fuel for. i+fe 15 C. recovered, and levied, in such manner and form, and by Inch way. raned; of and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prelcri'ued,

appeal. directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in

the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book if rata therein hfcrled, as fully and effectually to all intents, conltrucUoiv, and purpol'es, as if tiic fame were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as in and by the said act is provided.

In forc= XC. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be 0! j"'- Tl';s force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hull-

n' . ni ' (b ec^ and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

shall he ic-

CHAP. XLIif.

/In Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted, or may omit, inadvertently to say certain Stamp Duties hetein mentioned, on Duds, or other Instruments, and for ascertaining the Duty payable on Hals imported into this Kingdom.

2

licensi:

The thiriy-seventh 7 'ear cf George III. 4S1

IlctnftS to keep tnalt-houfis, andfcrfienring (hr duties granted on hides andjkins, tanned J\

with fumacl, and dressed in oil, and fir granting certain fans cut of thefurplut of the j

confilidated fund, for fabrics to theprofejhrs of Italian, drench, German, and Spanish ' 1

languages, in Trinity-College, Dublin, and fir granting certain duties, and additional laP’ *KV

duties, to he levied by the anun'fihniTS of thefi amp-duties, it w;is among other things r"~ ornftccl, That from ami afrer the prili.ig (ini act, until th; tve^nty-fitlJi o! March, cut thousml seven hundred and ninety-rigb*1, there flmuld be r.tiled, collected, oml paid to your Mijorty, your heirs ami lujccflors, for ami upon the several articles, nutters ami things, in the fehcdule to fmi aft annexed, expressol ami mentioned, the sevenl rate*, duties, an I fun, of money in the said fJialul- mentioned, over mid ah >vs til other r an.I duties piyab'e on fm.h articles, matter?

nml things, by any other act of pirihmmt: and whereas the coinmilfioirers for managing his M.ijdty’s sump duties, have not had sufficient time to supply the dilVetent ptrts of this kingdom with vJIum, pirchment, and paper, marked or it,imped with the impressions dirtied by said nft, by which means several p;rfon*, bring unable to procure such (limps, and without any intention to defraud your Majesty, have engrossed or written, or cause.l to be engroffird or written upon vc!, lum, parchment and paper, several matters and things, for which such vellum, parchment, or piper was chargeable by said act, without having such vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or stamped in the manner directed by said act: and whereas the said comnrifli nets may be unable for some time to supply the different parts of this kingdom with vellum, puxhmsnt, or paper, marked or stamped in the manner directed by the said act; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons In this present parliament a (Tumbled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any Heed, instrument, memorial, or writing, has been heretofore, or shall since pading of -«'ic said act, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, not stamped with the impression or mark, directed by the said act, and where such deed, instrument, orwriting,

shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be brought to the head-office in the city of Dublin, for marking or stamping vellum, parchment, or paper, with the aforesaid impression or mask, for the purpose of having the fame marked with the impression or mark fit for such deed, instrument, or writing, under and by virtue of said act, that then, and in every such case, and upon piyment or tender, to the proper officer or officers, of the duty which by the said act was or Avail be payable to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, for such deed, instrument, or writing, had it been before it was engrafted or written, marked or damped, with the impression or (lamp directed by the said act, the proper officer or officers is, and are hereby required, and authorized to mark and (lamp such deed, instrument, or writing, with the (lamp or mark fit for the la.ne, respectively, under said act, which deed, instrument, or writing, when so stamped or m irked, shall be as available in law or equity as if the vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which the fame is or shall be engrossed or written, had been stamped with such (lamps before such deed, instrument, or writing had been, or shall be engrossed or written.

II. And be it further enacted, That all persons who have heretofore engrossed or written, or who shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, engress or write any matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, not stamped agreeable to the said act, and who shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, procure the same to be stamped viiha proper (lamp, shall

482

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

anvl are hereby difdnrged from all penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred 1707 0£kerw>fe to rem jim liable thereto, as if this act had never been passed.

And be it enacted, That no higher duty than two shillings tji tsmj°,r5 and one-penny-farthing, by the piece, be paid on the importation' oi cacK lint of any Eritiih hats from Great Britain, favc and except fuel, as are tain, cxcL'pt made of Beaver wool, or hair only, any thing in any act pafleJ wMVMl*>or' Ashon to the contrary notwithstanding.-hair, only.

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Preservation of Eflutes belonging to Parifes.

WHEREAS there arc several parishes in this kingdom which are endowed with estates in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of which the respective incumbents of said parishc; are seized in fee, in trust for the said parishes, and the said eliates are usually let, and demised by the said incumbents, with the consent of the parishioners of said parishes in vestry assembled, testifie i by the church wardens of said parishes, or other persons appointed for that purpose by the said parishioners so assembled, being parties to, and executing the leases, by which the said estates, or any parts or parcels thereof, arc demised, and let to farm, and the annual rents of the said estates are applicable to, and ought to be applied by respective incumbents and church-wardens of said parishes, in repairing the churches of hid parishes, and in support of poor and indigent persons within the said parishes respectively, and in payment and discharge of parochial expences usually defrayed by parish cedes, ami in other pious and charitable uses: and whereas divers abides and frauds have been committed, as well in the leafing of several parts of the said estates for such long terms of years, a., in effect to prevent any enereale in the rents of the parts so de-mifed for ages to come, as also at low rents, greatly under the real value of the said estates, or the parts thereof so demised, and the rents of laid estates have been frequently fraudulently mifjp-plied, in so much, that there arc just grounds to apprehend that tile pious and charitable purposes to which the incomes of the said estates are applicable, may, by such fraudulent pvafticcs, be uttcily defeated: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether any leases executed of the said estates, or any parts nr parcels thereof, by the respective incumbents of laid parishes, and the church-wardens, or other persons appointed for that purpose by the respective parishioners of laid parishes, in vestry assembled, are good and valid

2.

in

Ihe ibirtj-seventh Year of George TIL

in law: for remedy whereof, be it einfled by the King’s mofc A. — excellent Majesty, by ami with the advice and consent of, die 1797' lords spiritu.il and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful to and for every incumbent of any par'ilb in e, Vu; Lathis kingdom, who is, or shall be fei/.cd of any estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments in fee-limpie, to him and his successors, »>.- r in trust for Inch parish, to let and de-mile the said estate,' or any !Vy.-.<rs, part and parcel thereof, for any term of years, not exceeding iorty-cme 5'ears, with the confeut of the ordinary of the diocese, and of the majority of the protestant parishioners of (itch parish icil.ut iiCn-in vestry assembled, without taking any thing by way of line, at the full improved yearly vent of the said estate, or the pat t and full impn’.---

p.irts thereof then demile;!, at the peril of the Icflves who shall take ni o': the lame, so as luelt leafo or leases he not made to commence hi j'yjg noe f:Uuro. and so as in such icafe or leifcs Avail not be contained any to e.’m-power, liberty, or privilege lur the lelfee or iclfecs to commit waste, < i > or to be difpunishable of waste, and so as that there shall not he ly any other Icafe or leases of the said estate, or any part or parcel

J % J 1 a-i J lo ,i?

thereof so demised, which dull not expire, or he ended ami deter- okk ei mined within the (’pace of one year next coming from the coin-mcneemetit of inch new lease or loafer, and so as counterparts of "i.i mo.-.

p:;v i.r.l:.i

such new icafe or leases be entered in the registry-book of the or Ji- . nary of the diocelc, and in the vestry-booi: r,f the parish.

II. And be it cnaScd, by the authority aforesaid, That the con , fsnt of the ordinary of the diocdc shall be written at the foot, or crtlaari.i. on the back of all and every such Icafe and leases, or in a fehcdiile

or schedules to be annexed thereto, subscribed witii his hand, and fr" M

’ orjimr)’ u,

feaied with his archicpifcopal or cpilcopal leal, and that the consent bj Ai-ntci of the majority of the protestant parishioners of the said parifl], ill fj cZih:. vestry assembletl, shall be written at the foot, or on the hack of o/p'i0'!; t luck lease or leases, or in a schedulo or ichcdulcs to be annexed in'uh.uni. thereto, and subscribed by the church-wardens for the time being, chorcVi-"' b> and by two other protestant parishioners, to he cledted by the majority of the protestant parishioners in vellry assembled, and ap- «"t i.ili ibi-pointed as their attornies or proctors for that purpol'e, and sealed painilj'br with their seals respectively, and that they shall therein spedfy the year, month, and day, on which the protestant parishioners of n.bic.n., such parish, in vestry assembled, consented to the said lease or (peaty leases; and on which such consent was entered in the vestry book LII’’ ';c' of said parish.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every lease and leases of any estate, in lands, tenements, t, M M <(

1 rr

v F 3 01' (i:{faln>r ia

it; If.

484 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

or hereditaments, held in trull for, or belonging to any parilit or

1797- parishes in this kingdom, or of any part or parcel thereof, which *P^44- are, or have been executed, or shall be executed at any time or any mwter times, fublequeut to the first day of August, lad pad, in any par-ad'ii'aB ticular differing from, or contrary to the several clauses and provi-b: voiJ. foes, and the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Persons

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint ufToteat1 110 Person whatsoever, who, by the laws and datotes now in force vcitries for in this kingdom, is incapacitated and disqualilied to vote at any charchcs, vedry or vedrii s, for rebuilding or repairing of churches, shall be for'Ltibg'or capable of giving his or her vote, at any vedry or vedries, in any dcmifing pa- matter or business to be hereafter transacted in such vedry or vef-tries, respecting the letting or demifing of the estate or estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any part or parcel thereof, belonging to, or held in trud for any paridt or parishes in this kingdom, or in any matter or hnfmefs respecting the disposing of the income, or any part of the income of such estates.

Incumbents 10 furnifti accounts annu. all)' to ordi-narier/signed by themldves and church, wardens, dating particulars here-in mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the incumbent of every parish which is endowed with any estate in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner herein before mentioned, shall furnish, and give to the ordinary of the diocese in which such parish is situated, or his vicar-general, every year, at the annual vibration of said diocese, an account or schedule fairly written, and subscribed by the said incumbent and churchwardens of said parish, dating the several tenants’ names of the said estates, their occupations and places of abode, the terms de-mifed by their rel’peftive leases, together with the dates of the respective commencements thereof, the rents payable by them I'espectively, and the Turns received by the said incumbent and church-wardens, and their immediate predecedors, out of the said estate, during the year ending on the first day of May, immediately preceding such visitation, and dating particularly the expenditure of the said annual income of said estate, during the said year, and the items of such expenditure; said account to be deposited in the registry of the diocese in which such parish is situated.

CHAP.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XLV.

485

A.D. 1797.

An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed last; session of parliament, entitled, An act for regulating the issuing of li-cenfes for the sale of spirituous liquors by retail, and for remedying the abuses which have arisen from the immoderate use of such liquors; will expire on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: and whereas the said act hath not been found sufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Aact, the said act be, and is hereby repealed, favc as to the remedies thereby given for prosecuting, suing for, and recovering any penalty or forfeiture incurred for any offence against the said act.

II. And for regulating- the issuing of licenses for the retail of wine; be it enacted, That the collectors of his Majesty's revenue may grant licenses to persons in their respective districts to fell wines by retail, upon receipt of the duties payable upon such licenses respectively, and such fees thereon respectively, to the collectors granting the fame, as have been heretofore established by lawn

III. And be it enacted, That any person who shall fell wine in any quantity less than one gallon, and any person who shall fell any ale or beer in any quantity less than ten gallons, except persons felling porter in corked bottles, to be, consumed out of his or her house, shall be deemed a retailer of such of the said liquors as he or she shall fell.

[Preamble.]

Spiiit >i-

cense act 01 last fcHiau repealed, ex. ccpt as (u recovering penalties for offences against it.

Collectors

of revenue may grant wine licenses.

Persons who fell less than gallon of wine, or 10 gallons of ale, (except bottled porter) deemed retailers.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall fell any beer 10l. penal, or ale by retail, without having obtained such license as hereafter {ire,orale6 mentioned, every such person shall for every offence, forfeit the h" sum of ten pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That there shall be payable unto his riccnfe tofell Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every license to be granted (p'lri;s

1 0 - di(lria of the

Vol. XVIII. 6 G for metropolis.

486 A.D.

mi-

Chapw^v

2 miles round the circular road and the Phccrix Park 15l. and Irom thence to 5 miles jol.

city of Cork 20l. county of city 15l.

city of Waterford, 20l. county of -city i*l. city of Limerick 2ok comity of city 15l.

in all other cities and towns, and within mils of maikct-places thereof, 61.

4l. in any other part.

LicenG.s for I year from ir) September.

No license shall be granted to aoy person within j* miles of Dublin, or in cities, or counties of cities of Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, but o such as keep victual-ltng Itoufes, &c. and sell ale;

and to cofiec house keepers; licensos granted to persons who follow any other bitliness, or for whose profit any other is earn* ed on, as bctcin, deem.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

for felling any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, and in all places within the circular road surrounding the faitl city, and within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, twenty pounds; and in every place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than two miles therefrom, the sum of fifteen pounds; and in every other place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, the sum of ten pounds; and within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within the city of Waterford, the sum of twenty pounds; and withifc the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within the city of Limerick, and all places surrounded by the said city, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within all other cities, corporate towns, and market towns, anti within one mile of the town-house, market-lionfe, or principal nnrket-place tlur.j1', t':e sum of six pounds; and for every license for felling inch spirituous liquors in any other part of this kingdom, a sum of lour pounds yearly, as herein after is provided.

VI. And be it enacted, That every license to fell wine and ale by retail, shall continue df force for one year, from the twenty-ninth day of September in every year.

VII. And be it enacted, That no license be granted to any person to fell by retail any spirituous liquors within the city of Dublin, and the circular road surrounding the said city, or the district of the metropolis of Dublin, or in any place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, or within the rest of the counties of the said cities, except to such persons as keep victualling-houses, inns or taverns, and also sell ale by retail; and to persons who keep coffee-houses, and who respectively use and exercise no other trade or business whatever; and any liccnle which shall be granted to any person exefeifing the trade or business of a grocer, or using or exercising any trade or business, other titan as aforesaid, either in his own name, or in the name of any other person, or having any interest, emolument, or profit in or out of any other trade or business, or in whose house where he or she shall be licensed to sell spirituous liquors by retail, or in any adjoining house or building which shall communicate with such house, the trade or

business

occiikm \j;»

within the meaning of millers wlm fell victuals to be consumed in

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 487

bufmeis of a grocer, or any other trade or business, other than as A.D. aforesaid, Hull be carried on in any public lhon or room, or who '797*

* CI v m q a

shall not he a vidhtaller, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, felling ale .‘Jiff by retail as aforesaid, or coffee-house keeper, shall be, and the rl fame is hereby declared null and void, and the perl'ou whose license to pcmlaes, lllall so become null and void, shall he deemed an unlicensed retailer 1'" of spirituous liquors, and shall be subjcCl to such penalties as retailers of spirituous liquors without lieenfe are, by this act, made subject: to.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no person flaall he deemed a victualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, this act, who shall not furniflt or his or her house.

IX. And be it enacted, That no license for the retail of spiritu-

ous liquors, lllall be granted to any person, imless a lii-cnle to such air, or to person to fell beer or ale, or keep a coffee-hou'.e, shall be produced jjlJ.j’j,' to the clerk of the peace, who shall grant a license to such person I’1'5'

to retail spirituous liquors, and such clerk of the peace shall upon dorks of the license for the tetail of spirituous liquors, certify that such ’

license to fell beer or ale, or to keen a coffee-house, hath been

' 1 ’ cenliSi »!, i

produced to him, and shall certify the date of such liccnlc, and tiicyiMKrathe name and office of the person by whom the fame hath been granted

X. And be it enacted, That before any license for the falc of. Be/T

» / , hecafe is

spirituous liquors by retail, within the city of Dublin, or within grantej in the said circular road, or the district of the metropolis of Dublin, t mHn

thereof,o

or in any place beyond th Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles Cork. Water-

circular road, and the wall of his q>'/'°'. orin

’ CltlC.' of

therefrom, or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, mcrick p«! or within the rest of the counties of the said cities, shall be granted j'Vj ‘j, to any person, such person, with two sufficient sureties, not being diiiilicrsor distillers or publicans, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his jhdUcicr heirs and successors, in the sura of fifty pounds; and in any other part of this kingdom, such person with two such sureties as afore- other places

_. - 20l. COMM!-

said, shall enter into a bond to lus Majesty, in the sum or twenty on-d as here-pounds, conditioned that such person shall, during the time such license shall be of force, be conllanily provided with strong beer or ale, and victuals for sale by retail, and shall supply all travellers with such victuals, beer, ale, and spirituous liquors, respectively, and sell the same at reasonable rates; and shall not fell Jj’jj'y’y spirituous liquors on a Sunday, before the hour of four of the clock fore+in in the afternoon, nor in the morning of any other day before fun-

rife, nor after an imfeafcnable hour in the evening; nor to any by'orc fun-’ ° . me, Sc. on

6 G a trade linen, oihcrdaya;

488 The thlrty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

tradcfinen, artificers, or labourers, referring to his or her house, 1797- for the purpose of receiving wages due to them; and shall not wil-lingly or knowingly entertain any artificers or tradesmen, or other nor to ivorlc- persons assembling for the purpose of entering into any unlawful r"iarPti"g for combination, or associations, or persons in arms, who are not qua-purporc of re- lilied by law to carry the fame; which bonds the collector of the

coving wa- 4

gcs; county of Dublin excise, and the several clerks of the peace are

inio'persons" hereby empowered and required to take; and no license for the t!on°mb n:l ^P‘r*tuous I‘qu°rs by retail, as aforesaid, shall be granted

qualified per- to any person who shall have so entered into bond with, and codcaor5’ become surety for any person so licensed, during the thru; county Dub- that his said bond and surety shall continue in force against

Jin and clerks ' 0

of peace to hllll.

take bonds; licensca not to be granted to persons who are sure-tiesforotlicri.

Persons applying for li-C-mfes to obtain certificates from superintend-nnt mag- in Dublin, or from 2 justices in other pirn, in which sure--ties shall be approved of.

XI. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to fell by retail, ale, beer, cider, or spirituous liquors within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, unless the person applying for such license shall obtain a certificate from the superinten-dant magistrate for the time being, or in any place out of the said distria, unlcl’s such person shall obtain a certificate from two justices of the pence, in manner herein after directed, that such person applying lor a license, is a proper person to be licensed, nor unless the persons who shall be proposed to be sureties for the person applying for a license, be named in such certificate, and therein approved of by such superintendant magistrate or justices.

XII. And for the more eallly obtaining of certificates from the justices of the peace to entitle persons to licenses for felling ale. Special beer, cider, or spirituous liquors by retail; be it enacted, That hcu’bctwccn between the sessions in the month of July, and the twentieth day July and 20 of September following, in every year, a special sessions shall be

Sept.incoun- . - , r

ties of cities, held in every county or a city, except the county or the city ot lm)etowtu,0l>" Dublin, or cqtinty of a town, and in every barony, and half-barony, baronies, &c. within every county in this kingdom, for the purpose of granting

for granting ' 4 7 , * 7

ccruficaicj} :such certificates to persons rending within such county or a city, and at yearly or county of a town, barony, or half-barony, respectively; and :sessions iti at the sessions held in the month of July yearly, in every comity ticcs shall ap- of a city, except as aforesaid, county of a town, or county at J°j"l°sror large, the justices there assembled, shall respectively appoint the special frin- several times, previous to the twentieth day of September follow-

ens, previous 11' , 4

:o 20 Sept, ing, when and where within the counties at large, the several towns and other places in the several baronies and half-baronies, in such if justices do counties at large, where such special sessions shall be held; and in July*10^0° ca^e no Ju^ce ^all at such July sessions, or in case the juf-sot appoint 2 tices

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 489

tkes so attending, flisll neglect to appoint such ftffii'm ns aforesaid, A.D. then the clerk of the peace shall appoint the times and places respect "97* lively in like manner, and the clerk of the pence within such conn- Chap.4 $. tics of cities, and counties of towns respectively, shall forthwith rr(T,0nj, cause notice of the time at which such special sessions shall be appointed, to he ported on the session-house of such county of a apr.oit.ird city, or county of a town; and in like manner, the clerk of the irteriuY peace within each county at large, shall cause notice to he ported on each parish church, within every barony, and half-barony,.and in such other places as the justices at such sessions shall direct, of the time when, and place where such special sessions shall be appointed for such baron}', or half-barony respectively j and j-ft'ccs at any two or-more justices assembled at any such sessions so t.umjjire appointed, shall proceed to enquire whether the persons re- p°rfpn"'to8be quiring such certificates, are proper persons to be licensed to sell spirituous liquors by retail, and whether the sureties and to give

‘ certificates

named for such persons whom they shall think proper to be

licensed are sufficient; and not fewer than two such justices of the peace, shall,-in open court, give a certificate under their hands and foals, to every person applying for the fame, whom they shall judge proper to be licensed, and the

place of the residence of such person, and the names and

places of abode of such persons proposed-to be sureties in

such bond as aforesaid, whose focurily shall be approved of

by such justices, shall be described 'in such certificates; pro- certificates . J . . 1 noiiobt*

vided the superintendant magistrate or justices, as the case gram»d:o shall be, shall not grantany such, unless the person apply- hVv°"ic' ing for the fame, shall have taken and subscribed the oath of oj'iii'Vr-He-alfcgiance. 8:anc"

XIII. And be it enacted, That the several collectors of cniM-m to C'tcife in this kingdom, in their respciflive distiitls, shall, upon production of such certificate granted as aforesaid, and upon receipt of the duty by this act required to be Ijc.'anj n. paid, and a fee of two shillings, together with one (hil-' "l ' ling in the pound of the said duty to be retained by such collector for his own uft, endorse on such certificate a receipt for the said duty, and thereupon the clerk of trie ck.-kw.r^ peace within such county of a city, county of a town, of Luia-nti county at large respectively, as the case may be, shall grant p’,1 .;. g liccnles to all persons who shall produce fuel) certificate, and receipt as aforesaid, and shall enter into a bond to his t, bu,...s,

1 ana lorcccjVC

Vol. XVIII.

6 II

Majesty, I*, lee.

490 the thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

Majesty, his heirs and successors, as herein directed; for 1797. the filling up of which license and bond, such clerk of the Chap.45. peace shall receive for his own use, from tile person apply-;ng for such license, a fee of . one shilling, and no more.

I.icenfcs

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all li-nVlErbc !f- cenfes for the falc of ale, beer, cider, and spirituous li-ktior'o/co" fluors> within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, shall Dublin. . be jffued by the collector of the county of Dublin district as

heretofore.

Whcnjuf-

XV. And be it enacted, That if the justices shall neglect a'ttcud°col- *° atten^ at any of the times or places which shall be so ap-Icftors may. pointed, then and in such only, it shall be lawful for the

on production J

of certiiicatcs collector of the district, upon the production of a like traiesraf1"-- certificate of any two sureties of the peace, if within a dwfcr’c-611" ‘ C°uhty of a city, or county of a town, and if within a amPthe?/' , county at large, upon the production of alike certificate of

upon the , any- two justices of the peace residing in the barony, or

peace may half-barony, in which the person applying for such licenses a?Worcnrcs’ tefides, or if there be not two justices resident in such barony, or half-barony, then upon the production of the . like certificate of the two next resident justices, and upon , receipt of the duty, by this act required to be paid, and

such fees as aforesaid to such collector, to eudorfe on such

certificate a receipt for the said duty, and thereupon the clerk of the peace shall.'grant a license in like manner, and

upon such terms and conditions as are herein before di-

redted, with respect to certificates, signed by justices at sessions.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every person, desirous of

Persons ... 4 1

who intend w obtaining a license to fell as aforesaid, shall, two days at

coniMflii!" 1'1C lea^> previous to the July sessions of the peace in each

mif'cbdorc year> §'vc notice ’n writing to the clerk of the peace of the

July miions, county of the city, or county of the town, or county at

peace, speci. large, wherein he or she refiaes, of his or her intention to

oVrcndeiic!', apply for a Uccnfe to sell ale, beer, cider, or spirituous li-

fmeila* °- ft 1301!8* at ^ie next sessions to be appointed for granting ccr-

tificates as aforesaid, specifying the house, town, or town-land, parish, and barony, or half-barony, and if in the county of a city or county of a town, the road, street, square, lane, or other description of place, where he or flic

resides,

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 491

reticles as aforesaid, and the name and residence of the per- A.D. foils, he or she intend;, to ;>ropore as fiircties, and-in de- 797-fault of giving such notice, no certificate shall be granted to such person.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the clerk of the peace Abstrafls shall deliver an abstract of all such notices to the justices, ghen ro'0 at the opening of the general or quarter-sessions in every

month of July, and shall all’o poll a copy thereof on the lion im.ifa, door of the session-house, on the said day. peace.'

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the justices, who shall hiticesto attend any special sessions appointed as aforesaid, shall en- oaX7nUP°' quire, and they are hereby authorized and directed to en- clurcfteis'of quire upon oath in open court, into the character of every person who shall have so given notice of an intention to ap- so.’vsncyof ply for a license to fell, as aforesaid, within the barony or half-barony, or county of a city, or county of a town, where such sessions shall be held, whether he or she be a person of good fame, sober life, and orderly conduct, and in every respect proper to be entrusted with such license, and whether the sureties offered be good and sufficient for the sums they are to be respectively bound in.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall ap- rc‘

ply in manner herein before directed for such certificate, as appeal w aforesaid, and the justices aflenibled at the sessions appointed oil A Y for granting certificates, or the magistrate or justices, as the

case may be, to whom such application shall have been made, shall refuse to grant the fame, and the person so applying shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such refusal, it shall and may be lawful for every such person to appeal to the next general sessions of the peace, to be held in the city, town, or county, in which such person shall reside;

' 4 1 if T'lf'rf'wU

and in case the justices at such sessions of the peace shall crfoi> think such person proper to be liccufed, and shall approve pY'...’,v of the sureties to be named by such person, and shall un- YY-Y7 der their hands and fcals, give a like certificate as herein |jr--before mentioned, thereupon a liccnle shall be granted under the like terms and regulations as are herein bifore directed.

XX. And be it enacted, That every person who flit.! p, obtain such certificate, shall, on or before the twenty- Y'YYYnt" ninth of September next ensuing the granting of such c;

6 H 2 certificate,

492 A.D.

T797-Chd". 45.

dre d certifies tc.

% Ucmfe#

f,ranted oh

CCUflCUCi

(r.:udulmiy obtained,shall be vcid, and such persons liable to penalties, 5<C.

Tf clerks cf pe.ice Issue licenses without certificates and receipts, they shall forfeit tool- ami office, and be for ever dil-qualified.

Clcilcs of peace to keep certificates

and recognizances with recotds, and produce them vo justices v.-hen required, and *2 justices may ini pole a fine of 20l. for iu'gl.ti;

fires to be

-T.

7. he thlrU-seventh Year of George III.

certificate, or within one month after the date thereof, pay to the colic 5W the duty piyihle thereon, or such certificate shall be "di 1. an:! no li-'enfc.shall be granted thereon.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any license shall be granted by any link of the peace, to any person to fell beer, ale, cider, o: spiritnons liquors by retail, on any certificate fraudulently obtained from, or granted by any justices, not pursuant to the directions in this act, every such license shall be, void, and the p.crfon to whom such license shall have been granted, shall be. deemed, a retailer of beer, ale, jcid.cr, or spirituous liquors, without license, and shall be subject. to the fame penalties as persons felling' beer, ale, cider, or spirituous liquors by. retail without license, are by this act subject to.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any clerk of the peace shall grant or issue any license for the sale of beer, ale, cider, or spirituous liquors by retail, to any person who shall not have produced and, lodged with him a certificate, with the receipt of the collector endorsed thereon, pursuant to the provisions of this act, every such clerk of the peace, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any-.person who shall fuc for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin; and if upon any such action or information, a verdict shall be given, and judgment entered thereon against the defendant, such clerk of the peace shall forfeit his office, and be for ever di fabled from being again appointed thereto.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That-the several clerks of the peace, shall keep the several certificates, upon which li-confcs shall issue for the falc of beer, ale, cider, or spirituous liquors, and the recognizance entered into, according to the provisions of this, ad, amongst the records of the county, and shall, upon-demand of any one or more justice or justices of the peace produce the fame for his or their in-spedion, and any two or more justices of the peace, may impose any fine, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, upon any such clerk of the peace, who shall omit, or ne-gled to keep such certificates and recognizances in a regular rru-nner, which fine ftiail be cfiicated into his Majesty's ex-

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the several clerks of the peace, shall so often as they shall be thereunto required by notice signed by one or more commissioner or commissioners of exetfe, transmit to the excise office in Dublin, a true and accurate lift of alllicenses granted by them respectively, and the dates of such licenses, the names of the persons licensed, and the places where they shall be licensed to fell beer, ale, cider, or spirimous liquors; and if any clerk of the peace shall restise or omit to return such lift, within ten days after such notice as aforesaid, every such clerk of the peace so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no certificate shall be granted to any person, to entitle him or her to a license for selling spirituous liquors by retail, unless the house in which such person is to be licensed, shall contain two fixed hearths or fire-places open for use; and in case any person not having two fixed hearths or fire-places open for use in such house, shall obtain a license, such license shall be null and void; and if any such person shall fell any spirituous liquors by retail, he or she shall be subject to the like penalties as persons felling such liquors without license are subject to.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall by him or herself, or by any other person employed by him or her, or for his or her benefit, retail, any spirituous liquors, mixed or unmixed with any ingredients, to be consumed in any quantity whatsoever, in his or her houses, ware-houses, shops, cellars, vaults, rooms, sheds, or other places, to him or her belonging, or that shall retail or fend the fame abroad out of his or her houses, ware-houses, store-houses, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, {beds, or other places, in a less quantity than one pint, shall be deemed a retailer of spirituous liquors within the meaning of this act.

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall affect apothecaries or druggists, or other persons licensed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, to distil compound, cordial or medicinal waters only.

XXVIII. And be if enabled, That no person shall fell any spirituous liquors by retail, unless he shall be licensed so to do in manner herein directed; and if any person shall fell any spirituous liquors by retail, without having obtained such license as aforesaid, or having obtained such license, the Vol. XVIII. 6 I fame

Lirenf. t where there are nut z hearth; shall be void; ami o vuers liable to I'eitahies for felling Without license.

Person; who fell left than a pint of spiriu, in any manner, deemed retailers.

Not to affeftapothecaries or others licensed to dillil cordials.

Persons who tell spirits without license*, or after they arc void, if within 5 miles of Dublin> or in

494

A.D. 1797.

Chap.45

cities or

counties of cities of Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, forfeit 30l. for first offence, for every other 40k

for first offence in nny other part iol. and for every oilier aol.

such persons . to be imprisonedas heic< in, in default of payment.

Superintendant ma-gillrate’s certificate shall be conclusive evidence of retailing.

Persons whole bonds are forieued, and judgment had thereon, shall never he li-coni'cd: and shall by* liable to penalties, &c.

Licenses void, if {pints arc fold in

The thirty'-sevenil Year a/’ George III.

fame shall have become void, every stich pcifon shall for the first offence, if committed within the city of Dublin, or within the Circular-road, or within the district of the metropolis aforesaid, or in any place beyond the Circular-road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, and within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and within the rest of the counties of the said cities, forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, and for the second, and every further offence, forty pounds 5 and if such offence shall be committed in any other place in this kingdom, every such person shall for the first offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and for the second, and every further offence, twenty pounds; and in default of payment of the said forfeiture or penalty for the first offence, the person offending shall be committed to the gaol for a space not exceeding three, nor less than one month; and in default of payment of the said forfeiture or penalty for the second or further offence, shall be committed to gaol, there to remain for the space of three months.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That upon the hearing or trial of any charge or information by virtue of this act, a gain ft any person for selling spirituous liquors by retail within the difiridt of the metropolis of Dublin, a certificate of the superintendant magistrate of the said distri<3, under his hand, that such person was licensed by him to sell spirituous liquors by retail, within the said district, shall be conclusive evidence that such person fold spirituous liquors by retail within the said difiridt.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forfeit his or her said bond, and judgment be had thereon against him or her, that such person shall be for ever incapable of receiving a license to sell spirituous liquors; and that every iiccnfe granted, or to be granted, to any such person, shall be void; and any such person felling any spirituous liquors by retail, shall be subject to the fame penalties as persons selling spirituous liquors by retail without license are subject to.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person licensed to sell spirituous liquors by retail, shall fell by retail any such liquors in

any

2

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 45)5

any other place than such houses or places thereunto belonging, I).

wherein he, (lie, or they inhabited and dwelled at the time of 1797"

granting fitch license, and which shalt be described therein, such ^laP^4f‘

license shall be null and void, and such person shall be liable to places not

the fame penalties as persons selling spirituous liquors by retail r^Ybed ;d'nd

without license are by this ail subject to persons liable

« to penalties.

XXXII. And be it enacted, liat u any person licensed to fell AOianecs spirituous or other liquors, shall alligu the house in which he 1'

orlhe shall have been Jiccnfctl to feH such liquors, to any per- continue to son, or shall die, the assignee of fn.li person assigning his interest, 29sept.fct or the executors or administrators of the person so dying, or his or their assignee, who shall become possessed of such house or obtain ceni-place, may lawfully sell spirituous or other liquors therein, until the expiration of the term for which the license shall have been bo"d!* granted; provided such executors or administrators, or such affig-nce, shall have obtained the certificate of the two next resident justices of the peace, that he or they is, or are, a proper person or persons to be licensed to sell spirituous or other liquors by retail, and shall have executed such bond as is herein before required on granting a license.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to fell Persons li-spirituous or other liquors by retail, shall have, or to be painted taiUpIrirs^' on a board, with letters publickly visible and legible, at lead an

inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white edas herein,

ground, his or her name and surname at full length, and the doors, pc-

words, licensed to retail spirituous liquors and such other liquors lo1,

as such persons shall be licensed to fell, (as the case may be) and shall affix the fame on some conspicuous place on the outside of the front of his or her house, not more than three feet distant

from the top of the front door of such house, and shall pre-

serve and keep up the fame, during the time he, she, or they shall continue to fell such liquors, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXXIV. And be it enacted,' That it shall and may be lawful Persons «ho for any justice of the peace, surveyor, gauger, or other officer Bmrj. n,3n of excise, in the day time, to enter into any (hop, (lore-room, or l^ftYcfor house, whereon is affixed any board or notification, importing peace officers, tint spirituous or other liquors are retailed therein; and to de- 3o1, mand a view of the license under or by virtue of which, the person or persons'residing therein shall claim a liberty to fell such

liquor or liquors; and if a sufficient license shall not be produced, the occupier of such house shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

612

upon being convicted thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit a sum not exceeding k.e shillings; and such

496 Tie (htrty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall bey or

1797. obtain for any consideration given, or to be given, any spirituous

Chap.45. liquors in less quantity than one pint, in any house not having af-

t/YV fixed thereon such board, with the words herein before directed to

buy lets than he painted thereon, every such person shall, for every such offence, a pint in houses where such boards

ed! forfeit55. person shall by such magistrate or justice be committed to gaol OTcomndtteil unt*l hjch penalty shall be paid, and such penalty when levied, shall until paid. be paid to the informer.

Persons who

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no person shall hawk, fell, fjdrils hi any Gr expose to fide, any beer, ale, cider, or spirituous liquors, in any street or highway, cr field, or on any table, or in any booth or tent, or any hulk, flail, or filed, or on, or in any place or placed where any such person is not licensed to sell the same, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence, the sum of ten findings; and that it shall be lawful for any magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, or any revenue-officer, to seize and take away, or to destroy, or cause to be seized, taken away and destroyed, all such spirituous liquors which shall be found so exposed to falc, and the vessels containing the lame, and all vessels and utensils used for measuring or drinking the fame found therewith; and it shall hr lawful for any magistrate or jtiftice of the peace, for the city or place wherein such offence shall be committed, on his or their own view, or on confession of the party, or by proof of such offence, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict any person so offending, and every such person so convicted, shall, on such conviction, be put in the (locks for the space of one hour, and shall forfeit the Ann of ten shillings; and on such offender or offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the same, the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, by whom such person shall have been so conviiled by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding one month from the day of such commitment; and every sum or Aims of money

place where not licensed, forfeit 10s. and any magi (trace,peace officer, or revenue of ftccr may seize or de-llroy all such, Ac.

fuel) persona

when convicted, shall be put in (lochs for an hour, and on non-piyinent may be com* muted for a month.

money paid to church

wardens;but arising from the conviction of any such person, in case there he inftraerh*" no informer, shall he paid to the church-wardens of the parish shall get half, wherein the offence shall be committed, or one of them, and applied to the life of the poor of such parish; but if there shall bean informer, one moiety of such money shall be paid to the informer for his own use, and the other moiety to the church-wardens, as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the use of the

lbs thirty-seventh Year of George III. 497

poor of the parish; am! every person so exposing spirituous liquors A.D. tofale, shall be liable to all other penalties to which persons felling '797-spirituous liquors by retail without license, are liable.

XXXVII. And for preventing drinking at unieafonuble such pertin* hours, and the harbouring of ful'r-eited persons, in houses where j)=Lai. spirituous or other liquors shall he foid: be it enacted, That it shall ^i’3|,jnrlte, be lawful for any magistrate, chief conllaldc, or high-constable to

enter any such house, and to remove all persons drinking therein, r,ir.<a:iak-between the hours of twelve at night, and luuriie in the morning, "‘7^ |c"B and on Sunday before the hour of four of the deck in the after- rite, or be-

litre j. lit

noon; and it any person selling spirituous or other liquors by re- irenwmi on tail, shall not on demand of entrance by knocking, or otherwise Sun'j

' . . 5l. p*»vry

so as to be heard within, admit Inch magiPcrarc, chicl constable, or for high-constable into such house, or after admittance Hull obstrutt any of them, in removing persons drinking therein, such persons upon proof thereof, to the satisfaction of any magistrate, upon hij/h c.mii-oath, or upon his own view thereof, shall forfeit for every such If i

offence the film of five pounds, to he paid to the informer or pro- P"1*-fecutor, and in default of payment thereof, the person so offending, shall be committed to gaol, until such line shall he paid.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the p.lrHmon-

panlhioners of the several parishes of the city of Dublin, or liber- "q'm->>'ilp-r_ . 1 J over" ties thereof, at vestry assembled, twice in every year, or oftener, m-rs i» tr.cb

if necessary, to appoint such number of persons as to them shall

feetn meet, overseers of houses licensed for sale of spirituous or f"n<‘

’ 1 a-. C'lnllable.s

other liquors, within every such parish respectively, and the over- ttc. leers so appointed, shall have like powers' and authorities for entering such houses, as constables, and other peace officers have by virtue of this act, and the persons not admitting such overseers, shall be subject to like penalties, as persons not admitting nu-

Overfa'rs 10 certify to mamltralCij

gifcrates, or high-constables, arc iuhjcd to j and in case they, shall find any persons, not being inmates of such houses entertained therein, between the hours of twelve at night, and feveil in when they the morning, or before the hour of four in the afternoon on a Sunday, any three or more of such overseers shall certify, under their between 12

J J ' and 7, or oc-

hands and Teals, to a justice of the peace for the county or city fore on of Dublin, that persons were entertained in such house at such un- Simda>s ’ seasonable hours, and thereupon such magistrates shall summon the parties accused, and unlcff; the persons summoned shall make it appear to the satisfaction of such jtiliice of the peace, that the Herein, if they

persons found therein were inmates of the house where they were Mpite

fowcrc in* mate?;

Vol. XVJ1l.

6 K

49$ :The thirty-ftVenth Yectf of George III.

A.D.

fo1 found, such certificate shall be conclusive evidence lo subject flit r797* peil’ons licensed for the sale of spirituous or other liquors to a pe-^JP^45vnalty of thirty thiitings- for tUe = first offence; and for the fecont! dealers in offence, to the sum of five pounds; and itv default of payment of ifot vote for, such penalty, such justice of the peace may issue his- warrant, for tinted over ^le ar*d sale of the goods of the person on whom such- pe-

(eers. nalty shall he imposed; provided that no person dealing in spir-h-

t-nous liquors, shall vote at any such vestry, or be -appointed aa

overseer,

-Janices to

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the justice of the peace, be-o"pafo"nin,e! fore whom any person licensed for the sale of spirituous or other Sd'a" liquors, shall have been-twice convicted, shall certify- under bit aforesaid, to hand and seal, fothe chief commissioners of his fcTajeffy’s revenue, of revenue, that fu'eh-person-has been twice corrvided of entertaining persons tliei'r bSnjPsllt 'n his or her house, not being inmates of such -house, at unfea-foits sonable hours, ancf upon receipt of such certificate, the commilfi-

oners of his Majesty's revenue shall c-ause the bond passed by such certificate* to person so licensed, to be put in suit, and such certificate shall, if evidence. produced on any trial relative to such bond, be eonclusive evidence of the breach of the condition of such bond.

No money And be it enacted, That no person shall lie entitled unto

to be rcco- 7

vered lor fpi . or maintain any cause, action, or suit, for, or-recover either in

rhs, urless to , .- r , , r c

thcamouiSof *aw or equity, any him or money, or demand, for or account of timea' °nC any spirituous liquors fold, unless such debt shall have been really and bona Ju/e, contracted at one time, to the amount of'twenty ffiilfings-, rror shall any particular at tide or item, in any account, or demand for spirituous liquors fold, be allowed or maintained, where the full value of the liquors delivered at one time, and mentioned in such article or item, shall not he twenty shillings at the . lead, and that without fraud or covin; and where no part of the liquors fold or delivered, shall have been returned, or agreed to he returned, or agreed to be returned directly or indirectly; and in

40s. penalty £afe any retailer of fnirlmoiB liquors, with or without a license, for taking a '

pVtigc for shall take or receive any pawn or pledge, from any person by way moiety to the of fcctirity, for the payment of any sum or sums of money, owing oth-Mothe'6 ^7 such Person for such spirituous liquors, every such person so of-jiiCormer. fending, and being convicted thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every pawn or pledge, so taken in or received by him or them, one moictv thereof shall be to the use of the poor of the parish where owners of such offence shall he committed, and the other moiety to the iufor-recover them, mer or informers and the person or persons to whom any such pawn o- pledge shall belong, shall have the fame remedy for recovering

The thirij-feroemh Year of George III. 499

such pawn or pledge, or the value thereof, as if it had not been A.D.

given as a pledge. r797-

XLI. And be it ennft'ed, That no person-shall haveany reme- Chap-45"

dy for, or recover any i'uni of money on account of any porter, Money for

beer, a re or spirituous liquors, sold to* an unlicensed' retaifer of

fitch liquors; nor ilvalf any imlrcensed difliller, or unlicensed' re- sold to unli-... xr r r censed retail-

Bailer, have any remedy iorv or recover from any perloa, any ium. ers foau not of money, on account of any spirituous liquors sold by such un- ^recovered.

licensed iliftiller, or u-nUcev.fed' retailer; and all promissory notes5 iyd^yany*1

bonds, or other writings, given as at Security for the payment of

debts, contrafted for any porter, beer, ale, or fprrits so sold to an retailer.

unlicensed'retailer, or for any spirituous liquors fohl by an unli- all fatuities

censed difliller, or unheenfed retailer, are hereby declared- to be null

and void1.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall agree to pay I’ersons who any journeyman, workman, i'ervant, labourer, or other person, cmployecT by workinc: under him or her, or under his or her dr-

r j j o^ partly in im>-

rection, so much money for wages, and such a quantity of spiri- ney, and molts liquors in lieu of the wages, or any part thereof, which shall spir'il^or be ordinarily and usually paid for the work such journeyman, fer- "J°do£r vant, labourer, or other person, shall be employed in j or shall set tpjriu. for. off, flop, or deduct all, or any part of the wages or hire, due to- pM^anil in any jonrneyman, workman, servant or labourer, for any spirituous liquors delivered to him, every such person so offending, shall for recovered, every such offence, upon being con-rifted thereof, before any magistrate, or justice of the peace, forfeit the fuin of forty shillings, one moiety o-f which forfeiture shall be paid to the informer, or prosecutor, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parish, in which such offence shall be committed, to be applied to the use of the poor of such parish; and such journeyman, workman, servant, labourer, or other person, shall be intitled to his or her whole wages, notwithstanding such agreement, setting off, flopping or deducting, and shall have the like remedy in law for the fame, as if all or any part of such wages were not paid; and ;l. penn!iy evety person giving O’- procuring credit to be given for spirituous o?pS3f liquors fold or drank, as aforesaid, shall forfeit five pounds, to here- =rp4ic ftlr covered, paid and applied, as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no person employing journey- lc[ penaIt).. men, workmen, servants, or labourers, shall by himself, or by any on Pav ir, S

r ' ' workmen,

other person, pay any journeyman, workman, servant, or labourer, and servant, employed by him, the whole or any part of the wages’due to such *ck ho2ie f' journeyman, workman, servant, or labourer, in, or at any house, ",dr[uclh5ja>' in which any beer, ale, or spirituous liquors shall be fold; and every 6 K 2 person

5co

A.D.

‘797-Chap. ,45.

Licensed retailers erf spirits in Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, entitled to allowances herein mentioned, on laic of strong beer or ale, on ilictr affidavits, and certificates of brewers and excise officers, and performance of requifui'5.

Magistrates or revcm’;: officer* may h-ize Ipints t-vjtoled to f.slc at any Jbeetd-JM*.-

c.\< eft licei feu houses;

petfors cr,r.-pay 5l.

Migillrates m certify to cU’iks of peace when londitiors of bonds are violated, v.ho shall transmit Inch certifi-

The thirfy-sevenih Year of George III.

person so offending, shall for every such offence upon being cott-vidled thereof, before any magistrate, or justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and all payments of wages made in manner aforesaid, shall be null and void.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear that any person who shall be licensed to sell spirituous liquors by retail, shall have without fraud, sold by retail, within tile year, strong beer or ale, in the cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, respcbllvely, in the quantities herein after mentioned, proof whereof shall be made by the affidavit of such person, and by the certificate of the brewer or person by whom the same shall have been sold to such retailer, that Inch quantity was so sold by him, and also by the certificate of the surveyor or gauger, that he had received notice of the delivery of such beer or ale, and of the respective times when the fame were delivered, and that be had inspected the fame, in case such retailer shall have fold seventy-five barrels of strong beer or ale, such retailer shall he imitled to a reduction of one-sixth, and in case he or flie shall have. Ibid.one hundred barrels of strong beer or ale, to a rcdudlion of ons-fifth, and in case he or flie shall have fold two hundred barrels, to a reduction of one-third of the duty, to be paid for his or her liccnle, for the year next ensuing, provided it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his M.i-jc-fty's revenue, that the several requisites herein have been dul\ performed.

XX, V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, or officer of the revenue, to search foi and make seizure of any spirituous liquors exposed to file at unfair, patron, marker, horse-race, hurling-mateh, or any place of publick meeting, except.in houses licensed for that purpose; ami every person felling or exposing to sale, any spirituous liquors, at any fair, patron, market, horse race, hurling match or other place of publick meeting, except in houses licensed for that purpose, shall upon view of any magistrate, or upon being convicted thereof, before any magistrate, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XI, VT. And be it enacted, That if any magistrate or justice of the peace shall certify to the clerk of the peace, that proof has been made before him, that any condition in the bonds herein before required to be entered into by any person licensed to sell spirituous liquors, has been violated, the clerk of the peace shall thereupon tranl'mit such certificate, together with the bond of the person offending, to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's cx-

0, cil'e,

The thirly-fe'ocnth Year of George III.

cife, and the said commissioners shall forthwith put, or cause such bond to be put in fttit.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace, being of the quorum, or the.superintendnnt magilhute in the city of Dublin, to annul any license granted to any person or persons; for retailing spirituous or any other liquors; and if any person tvhofe license shall be so annulled, shall retail any spirituous or other liquors, every such person shall be subject to the fame penalties, as persons selling spirituous or other liquors, without having obtained a license for that purpose, arc liable to.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any spirituous liquors, exceeding the quantity of two quarts, shall be found in the hotlfc of any person licensctl to fell beer or ale by retail, every such person shall he deemed a retailer of spirituous liquors, and to have fold the fame by retail; and every such person who shall not have obtained a license for retailing spirituous liquors, shall be liable to the penalties, which persons felling such liquors by retail without license, are subject to.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if any difliller, or other dealer in spirlts, shall knowingly fell any spirlts to an unlicensed retailer, or to any person for the use of an unlicensed retailer, such difliller, or dealer in spirits, shall, for every such oflence forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

L. And be it enacted, That no difliller, or wholesale dealer in spirits, shall be entitled to, or maintain any cause, action or suit for, or recover either in law or equity, any sum of money, or demand for, or on account of any spirits sold to ail unlicensed retailer; and in case such difliller, or wholesale dealer in Spirits, shall fell any spirits to an unlicensed retailer, knowing him to be such, such unlicensed retailer may recover hack the value of such spirits so fold, by civil bill, or otherwise, from such difliller, or wholesale dealer.

LI. And be it enacted, That the several collcdors of, excise shall, upon payment of the like duty as is by this act payable for a license to sell spirituous liquors by retail, and the like fees thereon, grant to any person a license to sell spirituous liquors in any quantities, not less than one pint, provided that no such licence shall be granted, unless the person applying to be licensed, shall, with two sufficient sureties enter into a bond to.-His Majesty, before the collector of the district, in the penalty of fifty pounds, conditioned that he or flie shall not fell, or deliver out any spirituous liquors in any quantity at one time, less than one pint, and shall Vox. XVIII. 0 L . not

cife, and they shall he put in suit.

2 Justices of quorum, or fiip.mng’f-trntc of Dublin, may annul iic-nfei

rcrfonslv.

crniV'l to 1 !1 beer or ale deemed retailers of spirits if more than 2 quarts arc found in their possess.Qn.

I oh penal* ty on a dif. filer, or dealer felling spititsto, or for an un-Ifccnfed re-la-L-r.

Diliillcrj, or who cfalc dealers /hill not recover from uajiccnf-cJ retailer-, and Li!i ie-tailers may recover luck the piieco/ fic'a spirits

Collectort may grant ficcn/es to any persons who pay duty and ices, and enter into bonds, not to fell less than a pint, nor fcilany to be consumrd in their own houses; who shall be sureties in such bonds

o1. penalty for felling left than 32 gallons without licensc.

mfensli-cenfal us riford'.iivl, for frit 50I- ll't' felling Ids than a pint, or fop felling any to.be conlumui in their hous.'s.

Lievn^V' in force nut-year fit 2; Sept

;m

Fines not Oiherv.’ife ap-pUed, Ifcair be given to informer and king; and may be rcc f vered, as l>y 14 and 13 C. 2. &c. with like remedy of ap-

or may be - sued for before a magistrate.

Magistrates may Tummon persons charged with offences agatntt litis ad:

The ilirty-sevenih Year of George III.

not fell any'liquors to be used or confirmed in his or her house or premises, provided also, that no person Avail be received as a surety in such bond, unless he shall prove upon oath, to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace, that lie is a honfe-keeper, and worth one hundred pounds, above all his just debts, and shall obtain from such justice a certificate of his having made proof thereof; and if any person shall fell any spirits in any quantity less than thirty-, two gallons, without such license, he or fne shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

LII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be so licensed to sell spirituous liquors, shall fell or deliver any spirituous liquors in any quantity, at any time'less than one pint, or shall fell any liquors to be used or consumed in his or her house, or premisses, every such person shall forfeit for cvcry such alienee, the sum of fifty pounds.

LIII. And be it enacted, That such' licenses'shall be of force for, one year from the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than such as are herein before specially appointed to be levied by any 'Magistrate or justice of the peace, shall be applied, one moiety to the first informer, and the other to his Majesty, and maybe sued for, recovered, and levied, either in fuel: manner and form, and by such ways, and with such powers and authorities, as any fines, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An c£l for the settling, of the excise or new iinpijl upon His Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inferled, or any other act in that behalf, arc thereby appointed or prescribed to be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, as fully and effectually as if the fame were expressed in this act.; and that any party, who shall think him or herself aggrieved or injured, shall have the like remedy of appeal, as by the said last recited act is provided; or such fines, penalties, or forfeitures, may be sued for, or prosecuted before any magistrate or justice of the peace of the city, town, or other place, in which any offence for which any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture is inflicted, shall have been committed.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, or any magistrate, to summon any person charged with having sold by retail spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, without license, or charged with any other offence against

3 this

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 503

this flft, to appear before such justice or magistrate; and if the A.D. charge be for felling any of such liquors without license, to require 1797-by the summons to be issued, the person to be summoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a license for felling such liquors if for mail-respectively; and in case such person shall not appear upon proof fc’,so°,o lie made of the service of such summons, or if such person shall an-

7 1 1 which if not

pear, and shall not produce a license authorizing him or her to ly-tad, fell by retail such liquors respectively, then such justice or magis-be cx.nni.ica, trite anil examine such witness or witnesses upon oath, as shall Siz' appear before him, which oath such justice or magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and if proof shall he made before such onproof0f justice or magistrate, or it shall appear by the confefllou of the f'a-h perfor; party that such person did fell-any of such liquors by retail, within (1 numbs, six months previous to the ilfuing of such summons, then such convikcJ* justice or magistrate shall convict the person charged with having fold any of such liquors respectively, without license, of such offence; and every justice or other-.magistrate, shall in like manner mlg;[,mes

proceed to hear and determine every other offence ne;ainst'this act; m,y P'0

0 in like man-

and every conviction shall be drawn up in the following form of ner in m'.m

words, or in any other form of words to the fame-efteft, according

'to the nature of the case, that is to say.

Comity of a A.B. is conviRcd on his or her own coxfession, or on p()rm of

5 tit oath of of having fold spiri- «n' iiUou.

iuotts liquors in the parish of 'in this county,

on the day of iciithcat Icing duly licensid

thereto. Given under my band and seal this day of

And such magistrate or justice shall thereupon issue a warrant un- lit rate, der his hand and seal, and levy such fine or penalty as the person Ko convicted shall be subject to, in respect to the offence of which wimnu. he or she was so convicted, by distress and sale of the goods of such person, and to commit the body of such offender to gaol, in such cases as by this act the offender may be so committed, and the informer or prosecutor shall be deemed a competent witness to prove the offence.

LYI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for A any such justice of the peace, or other magistrate, to summon '«<= may any person to appear before him, to give evidence of the felling ofp'S’Iogive spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, without license, by any per- ‘rv^j|"".or foil; and if any person who shall he summoned as a witness, for 6 L J the

5C4 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D. the purpose aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant 1757. to such summons, or appearing, shall restife to give his or her tef-Chap. 45. timonv, every such person shall for every such neglect, or refusal, jol. penally forfeit the sum of ten pounds iorthe.ule of the poor of the parish, lot [iniap- which such person shall dwell.; and in case of non-payment

pvaring, nr 1 ’ 1 1

fen itfuling 10 thereof, such iu(lice or macristrate shall issue a warrant under his

n'vc J

monyj hand and seal, to levy such sum by difuefs and fide of the goods

by'ilSIiA anil chattels °t f110!1 person, and for want of eflcfts sufficient to

or pcilun anftver such sum, by like warrant, to commit to the lroufe for momh. . of correction, or county gaol, the person so offending, thereto remain without bail or mainprize for the space of one. calendar month.

Persons ng-

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall think him-'appeaUoncxt hdf or herself aggrieved, by the determination of any such magis-, fcinons. and trate, or justice of the peace, it shall and may be lawful for such wards, where person to appeal to the next sessions of the peace, or adjournment fimSis (hereof, for the county, city, or town, where such person was convicted, and not afterwards; and the determination of the justices at such sessions, shall be final and conclusive, anil no certiorari shall be allowed for the removal thereof: provided always, iouobcic- that n0 such judgment or conviction shall be reversed for any in-vtirfad far formality, imperfection, or defc£t in form.

jutorinai.ty. 1 '

Appc.il of XaVIII. And be it enacted, That where any person shall be unliccnfud convicted of any oflence a (rain A this act, as an unlicensed retailer

person not to J

stay exocuti- of spirituous liquors, no appeal to be brought by any such person* bond for^doa. shall Aay or prevent the execution of any warrant or process, far i>l'Chh'sure’ *1C Seizure of »«)' goods or chattels of, or committal of such per-, tics.been- son, unless such person shall, with two sufficient sureties, havecn-fcrednkof'tored into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the pc-

peace, conditioned AS herein.

Fine for selling spirits not to be abated.

Clerksof peace to at. tend every special fcflt. oiw, and to certify the number of

nalfum.of double the amount of the fine so incurred, conditioned to pay the fine imposed on such person, in case the judgment or conviction for the same shall be affirmed, with all colls attending such appeal; which bond shall be entered into before the clerk of the peace, before such appeal shall be lodged or received.

LIX. And be it enacted, That when any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be adjudged against any person in pursuance of this act, for selling spirituous liquors without license, the same shall not be abated or mitigated.

LX. And be it enacted, That the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall attend at every special sessions of justices, directed by this act, for the purpose of granting such certificates, as aforesaid, and further, shall certify to the collector of excise, for the district

in

The thlrtysevenlh Year of George III. 505

in which such certificate shall be granted, the number of certificates A.D. so granted, the name, addition, and abode of the persons to whom,_1797*

and of the justices by whom such certificates shall be granted; and

Chap. 45.

in case any clerk of the peace shall neg-left to attend at such iefii-

r , , names, Sc.

011s in person, or by his known deputy, or to do or perform any tj co'.Lflari, of the matters and things contained in this act, to enable the per- Pc,aH)'lo1-fons applying for licenscs, according to the provisions of this act, to obtain the fame, every, such clerk of the peace, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds; and any of the justices attending at such sessions, may itnpose such fine, and the fame shall jiofr ricli^ be estreated into his Majesty's court of Exchequer, unless such (luiibccf-clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, at the next quarter sessions of the peace, prove upon oath, to the satisfaction of the justices pwp'd upon there attending, that lie was prevented by sickness or some other sufficient caulc.

LXI. And be it enacted, That in case any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing5 done matter or thing by him or them done, or executed by virtue or in aa, n>ait pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced "^"hree within three months next after tile alledged cause of action shall momlis. and accrue, and shall be laid in the proper county where such alledged county; cause of action shall have arisen or begun; and the defendant or dcfcndjM, defendants in such action, may plead the general issue, and give "ay this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had 8 thereon, and that the fame ivas done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pals for the defendant or fvfr'jial’c

J . . tv . against piam-

lefendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, tiff. &c. uc-or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judg- dcfcnd.m° ment shall he given against ;'him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded-to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be n.c}'a-^rs. licensed to sell spirituous liquors by-retail, and who shall be fur- ^Uriels, nished by the collector, in whose district he or /lie shall reside, or by the clerk of the peace, with a printed abstract of this act, Audi vp as b: rein cause_ such abstract to be-hung up, or polled in the 1:10ft publick iiaiiy part of his or-hev house, and shall preserve and keep the fame so d'"'

hung up or polled during the time such person shall continue to sell spirituous liquors by retail, or in default thereof, -shall, for every day in which such abstract shall at any lime be omitted to be so hung up or polled, upon proof thereof, before any magistrateior

Vou XVUJL

6 M

justice

In force until 29 Sep* tenber, 1798

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

justice of the peace, forfeit the film of five shillings, and such fine, when levied, shall he paid, one moiety to the prosecutor, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parish, for the poor thereof.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue, and be in force, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thouliind seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.’

CHAP. XL VI.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Rectifying of Spirits, mid to subject Dif illers to certain Regulations therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Redlifiers and compounders to tike out li-cenlVs, pc-- rally 3d. and dills forfeited.

Bodies of Hills to contain 40 gallons, and contents cx-pressed in licenses; licenses to be produced, or Hills for Jciccd;

Commifli-

oners may license such Hills, and collectors may deliver futh licmfes on receipt of duty and fees.

? O R regulating the trade of a rectifier of spirits, distilled in this kingdom, and to prevent frauds ir. his Majesty's revenue, by persons exetciling the said trade: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confi-nt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, no person shall keep any dill for rectifying or compounding spirits, or strong waters, unless he shall take out a- iicenfe in manner by this act directed; and if any person shall keep any dill for redtifying and compounding spirits or drong waters without such License, he or she diall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, and every such dill..shall be forfeited and may be seized.

II. And be it enacted, That no person diall be licensed to keep any dill for redtifying or compounding spirits, the body of which, excl.ufive of the bead, diall not be capable of containing- forty gallons at the lead, and that the true content of such dill diall be expressul in such License; and if any dill shall he found in the possession of any redlilier, or compounder of spirits,' for which such License shall not be produced on demand,- the same shall be forfeit-

ed, and may be seized by any officer of -his Majesty's revenue.

III. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, or any three or more of them, diall and may grant licenses to persons1 to keep a dill or dills, to rectify.and compound spirits and strong waters; and the several collectors of this kingdom shall, and may, upon payment of a sum at the rate of fifty findings’ for every ten gallons such Pull or dills Is or are capable of containing, together with a fee of one diilling in the pound

for their own ttfe, deliver such licenses. to die several persons who

diall

The ibirty-seventh Year of George III. 507

shall be named therein, and all such licenles shall continue of force A.D. tint'll the ttventy-fourth day of June next ensuing the granting 1797* thereof. ' ^liap^.

IV. Provided always, That persons in partnership, and carry- Farmcimot ing on the aforesaid trade and liuliness in one house or place only, mme than i shall not be obliged to take out more than one license for carry- ’'""k ing on such trade; and that no cne license which shall be granted !<«(«>

force 111 placet

by virtue of tins act, shall authorize or tmpower any person or therein dc-persons to whom the same shall be granted to distil, rectify, or fctlM ’’"'I' compound any spirits in any other house or place titan the ltoufes or places described in such license.

V. And be it enacted, That no person licensed to keep a dill

for rectifying or compounding spirits, shall make or distil spirits corn or wadi j from corn or mobiles waflt; and if any waflt shall he found at any walb found distillery so licensed for rectifying or compounding spirits, the aLdbcfe- fame lha'd be forfeited, and may be- seized, and the rectifier or compounder at whole distillery the fame -shall be found, shall forfeit the lum of fifty pounds; and if any officer of excise dial dif- iool.pc.iaHy corer at the still-house of any verifier or compounder of spirits> /Lging? be any waflt or singlings put into, or mixed with the spirits, in any still of any such redifier or compounder, such redifier or compounder, shall for every such offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

VI. And'ite it enacted, That every redifier and compounder of Fmriciof spirits shall make true and particular entry in writing, under his or &c. to be her hand, with the collector of the district, of every still-house, flore-house, ware-house, fitop, cellar, vault, or other place intended to be ttfed by him or her for reflifying or compounding,

floring or keeping spirits, and if any spirits shall be found in any C>iriis found place belonging to any redifier or compounder, of which such Jioun.-iiiion-enrty shall not have been made, all fuelt spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such redifier or compounder shall, for fciui! & id. every place so used by him, and not entered as aforesaid, forfeit twenty pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That every redifier and compoumkr Samei, \e. of spirits shall cattle to be painted his, her, or their name or names, ove'diura-Airnanie or surnames, and the words, redifier-or compounder spirits, as the case may be, and shall preserve - the lame in large '»' by legible characters over the outside of the outward door of each and omitud.C every fiill-house, ftoie-houl'e, ware-house, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place by him, her, of them respectively made life of, for the rectifying, compounding, floring'or keeping of spirits, upon pain of forfeiting for every lUIl-house, flore-house, ware-house, (hop,

0 M 2 ediar,

5°8

A.D. 1797. Chap. 40.

Persons who have such words so . painted, without making: entry, forfeit,

200I

Rectifiers who buy of receive spirits from ’any but distillers, (except at Cuf-tom-house fal?$,j or facr tors, forfeit 50U

spirits without permits frail be ifeiz- cd.

One charging pipe and the discharge cock, only,

to each ftiil, penalty 2Q0l.

l,ocks, &c. .,-to'bc provided by refli-:.fiers.

-Officer? to secure discharge-cocks and furnaces. 50l. penalty icr working without pro-

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

cellar, vault, or other place which shall be so made use of by such redtifier. or compounder, without having the said words painted as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall not have made- due entry as aforesaid, of all the places by him -or her respectively made use of for making or keeping,of spirits, shall paint, or cause to be painted over the door of any place to him or her belonging, the words redtifier or compounder of spirits, or either of them, every person lo offending shall forfeit the Dun of two hundred pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any person' licensed- to vedtify or compound spirits, shall receive, or buy, or procure, or employ any person. to receive or buy for him, her, or them, or.for his, her, or their use, any spirits (except at public!: foies of such liquors as have been.condemned and are sold at -custom-house sales).from finy person or persons other than, a dilUJler duly licensed to dillil, or, a known factor for the sale of spirits, every pei foil so offending 1 P.iall for every such offence, forfeit- the sum of fifty pound?; and all such. spirits. which shall be. received, into any still-house, or other place-of any redtifier or compounder of;spirits, for which such permit for the conveyance thereof, as is by law required, shall not on demand of.any officer he produced, or.a.certificate in lieu thereqf, shall be forfeited and may he seized.

X. And be it enacted, That no,redtifier or compounder of spirits shall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading to or from any ftiil,- to him, her, or them be-. longing, other than and except one. charging, pipe, and the discharge cock to each {(ill respectively belonging; and if ally such redtifier or compounder shall have or keep any such opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance, (not.before excepted) leading-to or from such ftiil or Hills, he, she, or they shall, for every such fixed pipe, opening, or conveyance, (not before excepted) forfeit, the sum of

two hundred pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That every redtifier and compounder of -spirits, shall, at his or her own expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient locks, keys,-or faftcnings,-to be approved of in writing by and under the hands of the respective surveyors of.excise of the walk in which such redtifier or compounder shall respectively reside, to the discharge cock, and furnace door of every ftiil-to him. pr, her. belonging; and the officers of excise shall, and are hereby required-to lock and secure such discharge-cocb, and

furnace; and if any such redtifier or compounder shall rectify or compound spirits before he or she shall have provided and .4 affixed

7 he thirtx-fiventh Year of George III. 53 '9

affixed sufficient keys, locks, and' fastenings, to be approved A.D. of as aforesaid, to every fuel) difclinrge-cock and furnace, to )797-each and every stili to him or her belonging, according in Chap.+6. the direction herein given, or shall refuse to pay for fuel) locks, keys, or fastenings, lie or flic shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Xlf. And be it ennded, That where any locks, keys, , I,.'1..;" '"t or fastenings shall be provided in pursuance of this act, ','r-Vi"’ every rectifier and compounder of spirits to whom fu :h f locks, keys, and fastenings shall belong, shall at his, her, or1 their own expence, from time to time, and at all ti ncs when required so to do by the respective surveyors of excifo of the walk in which he, flic, or they shall reside, immediately set about altering, repairing, and amending, and shall also within a reasonable time then next following, repair, amend, and alter, according to such requisition, every fattening directed by this act to be provided and affixed to every ttill and charging-cock belonging to, or used by such redifier or compounder of spirits , and if any such retailer or compounder of spirits to whom any such locks, keys, and fastenings, or any or either of them shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the lame when thereunto required, according to the directions of this act, he or she shall for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no redifier or compounder to

of spirits, shall rivet or otherwise fatten, or fufter to be ri- recks, pc-

‘ . . naliy 5j|.

vetted, or otherwise fattened, any key into any charge or discharge-cock of any ttill of, or belonging to, or tiled by him, so as to prevent the officer or officers of excise from taking out and examining such key; and if any such key shall be rivetted or fattened into any such charge or discharge-cock, contrary to the directions of this act, the rectifier or compounder to whom the same shall belong, shall, for every such key so rivetted or fattened, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the keys of ing-cock, and every discharge-cock, Avail be made and con- t. struded in manner following, and in no other fmm or manner.whatever, (that is to say.) the key of each and every

very charg- n,v Kry-fc'icksftiall be fermei

1510

A.D. 1797.Chap. 46.

mouths of co^kbto be

lu-:t /rev*

loo!, faulty for net doing herein directed.

n.or-24 hours notice to otiicers when furnaces are to be opened, who shall attend accordingly

hills oharced

in prel'cpcc of officers:

The thirty-feveuth Year of George III.

such cock shall be made with an open eye or hole in the top part thereof, and every such eye or hole tliall be of such size as to be capable of receiving a leaver sufficient to turn the respective cock or cocks at all times when officers shall have occasion to turn the fame, in the execution of the powers to them given for that purpose; end every such key of every such cock, shall be of one piece, and solid to the bottom; and such charging and discharge-cocks respectively, shall not have any hole or place of discharge, but at tiic mouth only; and no redifier or compounder of spirits shall for any purpose, or on any pretence whatsoever, fix or place, or fufler to be fixed or placed, any grate, stainer, or any other thing whatsoever, on or before the mouth of any such charge or discharge-cock, but the mouth of every such cock shall be left free and clear from every thing that can or may prevent the officers of excise from searching and examining the inside of the mouth, or opening every such cock; and if any redifier or compounder shall make use of, or fhnil fix or place any charging or discharging cock, to any of his stili or fiills, or to any other of his entered utensils of any other construction or make, than that herein before mentioned, or shall at any time fix or place any thing whatsoever, on or before the mouth or opening of any such cock, whereby the officer shall or may be prevented from searching and-examining the inside thereof, then, and ip. every such case, every such redifier and compounder shall, for each offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That whenever any redifier or compounder of spirits shall be desirous to have the furnace or furnaces of his or her still or flills opened, he or file, if within any city or town where a surveyor of excise resides, shall, twelve hours at least, and if in any other part of this kingdom, twenty-four hours at lead, before the particular hour or time between fix o’clock in the morning, and nine at night, when he or file intend to have the fame opened, give notice in writing to the officer of excise in charge of his or her still-house, who on receiving such notice shall attend accordingly; and such redifier or compounder shall charge his or her still in the presence of such officer, and in case such redifier or compounder shall not begin to charge his or Jier still, at the time mentioned in such notice, or within

2

one

The thirty seventh 'Year of George III.

or.e hour after, such notice shall be void, ami the redifier or compounder shall be obliged to give another such notice in writing, before the officer shall be obliged to attend the charging of such (till or fiills as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every redifier and compounder of spiritsffiall take off, or cause to be taken off, the head and heads of each and every dill and lliils to him belonging, when and as soon as any fuel) still or dills shall cease to be worked, and the head or heads of such dill or dills shall in no case, nor upon any pretence, or on any account, be put on such dill or dills, until each such dill shall be again charged, in the prefcncc of the officer as aforesaid, and ready to work, nor until the officer diall have examined the quality of the spirits then in each such dill; and if any such redifier or compounder diall neglect to take off each and every head and heads , from each respective dill and dills, when and so soon as each such dill shall cease to be. worked, or shall in any case, or upon any pretence or account whatsoever, put on any such head or heads, on any of his dill or dills, before such dill or dills shall be charged and ready to work, and before the officer shall examine the quality of the spirits then in the dill, he or she shall, for each offence, forfeit the film of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it enacted, That whenever the officers of excise shall have received notice for opening the furnace door of any dill, belonging to any redifier or compounder of spirits, and shall attend for that purpose, such officer shall not on any pretence open the furnace door of any such dill, but of such as are at that lime fully charged, nor until he hath examined the contents of such dill or dills, and hath seen the head or heads of such dill or dills, respectively, actually put on, and ready to be locked down, nor shall such officer when attending on any such notice at the dill-honfe of any such redifier or compounder, be obliged to continue more than one hour at any one time; and if such redifier or compounder shall not within that time have charged the dill Or dills mentioned in that notice, and have put on the head or heads of the said lli'll or dills, so as they be ready to be locked down, every such redifier and compounder shall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before the officer shall be obliged to attend again to open the furnace door or doors of his or her dill or dills.

6 N 2

5 11

A.D.

J 797-Chap. qrj.

iiwti-iii,

lie liOv lv 1 10 CVO-.'C W-Clil I ll'i;-. f.i-r ;iiiu* in iiy.ict.-, it il. till.* vo:J, asu

z.k--a

KcvJ. o l.tr t

v.lu’n H:!s

Ci;t:*i(»;vcu, an 1 not put on again but wiion c!i irt»cd in prdVncvo* o:ii:ers, ami examined, pc.

iw)ty tool.

Duty oi officers when they receive notice for opening furnace doors;

if rcfT.fier does not charge within t hour. Sc have still ready for locking* he shall give another notice

12 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XVIII. And that tire officers of cx.cife may be better ca-

17 97. a bled to examine the contents of every still and {tills to any Chap.46. redifier or compounder of spirits belonging, and to take gauges thereof; be it enacted, That every compounder )ir»v:Jra,mi and redifier of spirits shall provide proper ladders, whereby

p'Tfoiib £0 at 1 1 -

undaiiJaflift Inc ofheers of excise mny get lo the top of each itil! to every such compounder and reffifier belonging, and every pciuay iool. f,lc|, compounder or rectifier, or some person on their behalf, shall be aiding and allifting to the fan! officer in fetiing up the ladder, and in examining the contents of every such still, and in taking {{ill gauges thereof, and if any compounder or rectifier shall neglect to provide proper ladders for the purposes aforesaid, or shall not by himself, or some other on his behalf, a fit ft flic said officers in setting up the ladder, and in taking the account and still gauges as aforesaid, or shall, by any means whatsoever, hinder or obstruct the officer or officers of excise from examining the contents ol each such still, or in taking the gauge thereof, then and in every such case the compounder or rectifier so offen ling, shall for each offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

No canvey.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no redifier or comoounder ance fro;n .\_.

woini, it«t or spirits, shrill have any pipe or conveyance communicating ptralry'ioar' w*t^1 ^lc end of the worm belonging to any, still in his or her custody, or possession, by which the spirits might be drawn oft' to any vessel, other than the open safe used for receiving such spirits; and if any such rectifier or compounder shall have any pipe or other conveyance communicating with any worm belonging to any still in his or her custody or possession, he or flic shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

M^ut on° 10

XX. And be it enacted, That no redifier or compounder '-"y'-or of spirits shall have or keep any iron, or other cap or co-.

vering upon any cock belonging to his or her still or stills, or to any pipe, back, or vessel whatsoever, in his or her entered premises, so as to prevent the officer or officers of excise from distinctly seeing and easily examining.such cock, and if any such redificr or compounder shall have or keep any such cap or covering upon any such cock, contrary to the di-redions of this act, lie or ihe shall, for every such cap or covering so had or kept, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXI. And to the intent that no allowance be, made, or permits granted to any person or persons calling themselves redifiers

The thirty-sevenih Year of George III.

refUfiers or compounders for sale, but not being known as actual redlifiers and compounders, for any encrease which such person or persons may make in his, her, or their flock or flocks, by water, fngir, fyrop, fruit, or other ingredients, be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be deemed to be a rectifier or compounder of spirits, within the meaning of this act, who thali not have an entered still, capable of containing in the body thereof, exclusive of the head, forty gallons at the least, nor unless such still shall have suitable tubs and worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona fide, used for the rectifying of spirits for sale by such person or persons.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every redlifier and compounder of spirits, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off any spirits from his, her, or their still, charge the fame in the proportion of not less than seven parts in ten of the whole quantity of liquor which such still is capable of containing, and such still shall remain and continue so charged, until be, the or they shall begin to draw off spirits therefrom, and every such still shall be worked off within eighteen hours, to be computed from the time of the officer taking the gauge of the still; and if any redlifier or compounder of spirits shall begin to draw off any spirits from his or her still not so charged, or shall not work off the fame within such eighteen hours, he, or /he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no redlifier or compounder of spirits shall fell or fend ont any Irish brandy, Irish rectified spirits. Irish compounds, or other irish spirits, of a greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in eight under hydrometer proof, nor shall any distiller, maker or compounder of spirits or any dealer in spirits, fell or send out any foreign spirits of a lower degree of strength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof, nor have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity of foreign spirits, or Irish or foreign spirits, mixed together, except shrub, cherry, or Rafberry-brandy of a lower degree of strength than as last mentioned, upon pain of all such spirits being forfeited, and the fame may be seized, together with the calks containing the fame, by any officer of excise.

5T3 A.D.

mi-

chap.46.

None deem* cl recti fieri whole (tills re not entered, and capable of holding 40 gallon? at lead, and proportionable tubs, tee.

Rr&ifier* to charge in proportion as 7 to 10, before the/ draw off;

still) to be

worked off in 18 hours j

penalty tool.

Strength of spiriu.

514 The tlirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

'797-

Chap. 46.

Spirits of ivine.

Where ingredients prevent the ascertaining of strength, casks shall be marked as herein, on 12 hours notice from officer;

if untruly marked, or if no: marked, such spirits, calk?, Sic. shall be seized, and 50l. forfeited.

permits for 150 gallons out, may be granted for every 100 gallons received by reftifiers, at 1 to 10 over hydrometer proof.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any redlifier, or compounder of spirits, and for any dealer or dealers in rectified spirits, upon condition of his, or her, keeping his or her whole flock of spirits of wine separate and apart from his or her flock of other liquors, but not otherwise, to demand and receive permits for fending out spirits of wine, of any higher or greater degree of strength than that of one in eight under hydrometer proof, to any person not being a maker, redlifier, or compounder of spirits, so that the whole quantity of such spirits of wine to be sent out to any one person in the fame day, shall not exceed one hundred and twenty gallons; and the officer granting such permit shall therein express the same to be double spirits, and shall debit the flock of such redlifier, compounder, or dealer, at the rate of two hundred gallons of Irish spirits for every one hundred gallons of spirits of wine so permitted.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in all cases where the strength of any part of the flock of any redlifier, or compounder of spirits, by being mixed with any sugar, syrup, feeds, fruit or other ingredients or materials, cannot be easily ascertained by the hydrometer, such redlifier or compounder shall, upon twelve hours notice given him by such officer or officers, cause the true quantity and degree of strength of such spirit. so mixed, to be legibly marked on the outside of every cade or vessel containing the fame, respectively, and if the strength of such spirits shall be found to be untruly marked by such redlifier or compounder, on the outside of any calk or vessel, or if he or (lie shall, upon such twelve hours notice given as aforesaid, neglect to mark the quantity and degree of strength of such spirits, as aforesaid, such spirits, syrup, feeds, fruit, and other ingredients, together with the casks and vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise j and such redlifier or compounder, shall also, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and for making unto the rectifiers and compounder of spirits, a fair allowance for that encrease by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit, which is necessary to render their spirits fit, there shall be allowed permits for fending out any number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and fifty gallons of Irish brandy, rectified spirits or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw spirits, which they respectively shall have received from any distiller of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or which they shall have made, respectively, at the strength last above-mentioned.

1

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

XXVI. And be it enacted, Tint within thirty days next alter the commencement of this att, an.l afterwards once in every three months at the ieaft, the officers of excise shall take an account of the Hock of brandy, rectified spirits, raw spirits, compounds, and other spirits of every reflii'ier ami compounder of spirits, and if on taking any such account, subsequent to the lirft account taken tinder this act, the hock so taken added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such rettifier or compounder, (ince the time of taking the last preceding account of (lock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found by the officer or officers of excise, at the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock, by the officer or officers of excise, added to the quantity ftnee received by permit from any dilliller or distillers of spirits, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by such rettifier or compounder, at the strength last above mentioned, with the allowance of fifty gallons ou every one hundred gallons so made or received, computing such {lock at the strength of one in three and three-fourths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to tile quantity of fpi rits so found in cxccfs Avail be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, from and out of such flock, and the person or persons in whole flock such quantity of spirits so found in excels shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVII. And be it emitted, That if on taking any such account of the stock of any such rettilier or compounder, it shall appear that such rettifier or compounder has not attually made use of the whole allowance so by this att granted, so much thereof as shall not appear to have been made use of, dedutting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the stock then found on hand, to the strength of one in three and; three-fourths under hydrometer proof, shall be cut off from his, her, or their credit, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no rettilier or pompounder of spirits shall fell or send out any brandy, rettified spirits, compounds or other spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof; and if any such rettifier or compounder shall fell, or send out any brandy, rettified spirits, compounds, or other spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, all such brandy, rettified spirits, compounds, or other spirits, together with the calks or vessels containing the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and

6 0 2 such

5*5

A.D. 1797.Chap. 40.

What llu'.i be done whes. compounder or rc&tlicr has not made use of whole allowance.

No stronger spirits (o be Cent out than 1 in y under hydrometer proof, otherwise forfeited* and treble value.

i6 ¥he thirty-seventh Year of George IIX.

A.D.

such rectifier or compounder shall also forfeit treble the value of 1797. such spirits, to be deemed and taken according to, and at the rate Chap. 46. anc] rates, price and prices, at which the best Iriflj brandy, rectified spirits, compounds or other spirits, do or shall bear or fell for in the city of Dublin, at the time when such penalty shall be incurred.

DiltiHers

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits from wiofe*IKHs W1lh> who shall have any still of three thousand gallons content,

holii 3000 or upwards, shall be chargeable with, and pay excise for fifteen

gallons,.hall v ’ . b r.a-nc r

be charged as charges of low wines for every such lull for twenty-live working

herem. Jays, next after the day on which such /till or /tills, pursuant to

the regulations in an act passed this sessions of parliament, enti-tied, An act for regulating the trade of a di/liller, and for feenring the duties payable upon home-made spirits, shall be unlocked or set at work, together with the excise of as much more pot-ale, wa/h, low wines, or spirits, as he or she shall diflil within such twenty-five days, and in the fame proportion for every susbequent day, until such Hill or Hills shall be locked pursuant to the said act; charges for and every distiller who shall have any Hill under three thousand and"nde5r°°’ gallons content, and not less than two thousand five hundred gals'^" S3'- Ions content, shall be chargeable with, and shall pay for sixteen charges of low wines for every such still for twenty-five working

days, next after the days on which such Hill or (kills shall be un-

locked or set at work, as aforesaid, together with the excise of so much more pot-ale, wa/h, low wines, or spirits, as he or she shall diflil within such twenty-five days, and in the fame proportion for charges for every day until such Hill or P.iJls shall be locked, as aforesaid j and aid*under00’ every distiller who shall have, any still oi under two thousand five lonT sal" hundred gallons content, and not less than two thousand gallons content, shall be charged with, and shall pay for fevemeen charges of low wines, for every such Hill for twenty-five working days, next after the day on which such still or Hills shall be unlocked or set at work, as aforesaid, together with the excise of as much more pot-ale, wash, low wines or spirits, as he or she shall diflil charges for within such twenty-five days, and in the lame proportion for every an.? under00' day uatil such still or (kills shall be locked, as aforesaid; and every scoo gallons, distiller who shall have any still, under two thousand gallons content, and not less than one thousand five hundred gallons content, shall be chargeable with, and shall pay for eighteen charges of low wines, for every such still, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which such still or Hills shall be unlocked or set at work, as aforesaid, together with the excise of so much more pot-ale, wa/h, low wiues or spirits, as he or she shall diflil, within such

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

such twenty-five days, and in the tame proportion for every day, until such Hill or (tills shall be locked, as aforesaid; and such charges, respectively, shall be in lieu of the charge by the said receited act required to be made on every distiller, uling a dill of one thousand five hundred gallons content or upwards, in respect of such fti 11.

XXX. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, as often as any officer or officers of excise, shall make out any return required by law, of the quantity of spirits which any dif-liller from wash shall have distilled within any period, and of the duty payable for the fame, in order that such return may be a charge against such difliller, the officer or officers of excise shall take an account of all malt confirmed by fitch difliller, in the making of the quantity of spirits comprized in such return, as well malt which shall have been made by such difliller, as malt which such difliller shall have received by permits; which account shall be made out from the permits granted for conveying such malt into the distillery of such difliller; and if any such difliller shall not make it appear by such permits, that he hath consumed in his distillery, in the making of such quantity of spirits, one barrel of malt for every seven gallons of spirits for which he shall he charged with duty within such period, every such difliller shall, in every such return, be charged with such further sum as shall be equal to the duty of the quantity of malt which shall be deficient of the said quantity of one barrel to every seven gallons of spirits, and such further sum shall be returned by the officer of excise as a charge on such difliller, in the same manner as any duty on spirits is made a charge against any difliller, and the same shall be paid at the same time, and under the like penalty as the duty of spirits, distilled by such distiller, is by law to be paid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and Icvied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such potvers and authorities as are prescribed, and directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An cS for fa settling if the exqfe a new imp ft upon his Majrjly, his heirs one!fttccejors, eiccotding to the book of rates therein infcrled, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like a--

5*7

A.D. 1797.Chap. 46.

said charges to be in lieu of charge W recited act of this session.

From 29 Sept. ;97, when officers make out return* of fp'rits distilled from walh, and of duty payable, they shall take account c>f malt con-futned, ar herein;

if difliller does not con-fume r barrel of malt for every y gallons of spirits, he shall In- charged with d.ty «q'ul <0 deficiency.

Fines, ftc, under this act, may lie recovered as by i.y a- is C. 2. with like remedy oi appeal.

Theilirly-seventh Year of George III.

medy of appeal, to ami for the party and.parties who shall think him, her, or thendvlves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to he of force, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-tight, and from thence tq the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XLV31.

An AM fir the fa'her Regulation of the F/cclion if Membei s lo'ferae in Parliament.

Recital55 IT)HF.RE.AS an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his J' present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating tin.

elcHiou rf members io serve in parliament, an.l fur repealing the Several a3s therein mentioned; and it is necessary to explain and amend the fame; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prolent parliament assembled, and by the au-

the following thority of the same, That when any person seized of a freehold, oath shall he 1 rn. A .,

taken by a not conhlhng or a rent-charge, shall delire to register it, as ueing

freeholder' value of fifty pounds, or twenty pounds, the following oa'h

not a rent- may be taken by him, inltcad of the oath nreferibed by the fata charger.

ad, that is to lay

Oath. I of in the county of

or of the town or city of (as the case may be,) do

swear, or if a (junker, do affirm, that I am a freeholder of and that I have a freehold therein ari/Iug from a honfe or houses, and land, or both, or other hereditaments, (as the case may be) of the clear yearly value of twenty pounds, or fifty pounds, (as the case may be) above all charges payable out of the fame, lying and being ai (naming the parish or parishes, or the towr.4:.i:d or town-lands, and barony or half-baronies, wherein it is situated, which words, town-land or town-lands, barony or baronies of need not be named, if the freehold be in the county of a town or city) in this county, and that the said freehold does . not arise from a rent-charge, nor have I procured it fraudulently, nor has it been granted fraudulently to me, or in excuange for a freehold in any other county, any thing in the said act contained to the

contrary

518 A.D. 1797.

Ih frrec

Sr9 A.D.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

contrary notwithstanding; and that no freehold of fifty pounds, or twenty pounds a year, registered since the passing of the said 1797* act, shall be deemed to be unduly or not properly registered, on account of the oniifllon in the oath or affirmation taken or made, $ol cr jet. in order to regiller the fame, of all cr any of the following words, un-

that is to say, and that I am in the acini’! ccettf niton thereof, by re-filing {hereon, or by tilling or graving, to the amount at leaf of forty «fi!ic^oniit-filiiirei yearly value thereof and tin.! the said freehold is net Jit, or nciJs herein agreed to be ft, nor do / intend to set the fane to the person or per-yin from vehom ! held it, or to the heirs or ayfigns of finch ferson or f-.if'.ns, or to any one in Inf fir him, her, or them, and that I Lr.e not agreed to fei it for the tirm fir vessele I held it.

II. And be it enacted, That no person having a freehold of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or twenty pounds, who shall have let, or agreed to let the same to the person or persons from whom he holds it, or to the heirs or assigns of Inch person or persons, or to any one in trust for him", her, or litem, or who has set, or agreed to set tile fame, the whole of the iaine, or more thereof than shall leave a fullicieney to-constitute fitch freehold for the term for which lie holds it, shall he permitted to vote at any election by virtue of the said freehold, unless he shall have registered the fame according to due provisions of the said reeited act, or this present act, one whole year at the least previous to the tell of the writ for holding such election.

III. And be it further enacted, That ev<rv person who shall offer 'to vote by virtue of a freehold, of the value of twenty pounds or fifty pounds, shall be-ore he shall be admitted to poll at any election, declare on oath, if required, v. kilter lie has so set, or agreed to set such his freehold, and if he shall declare lie hath so set, or agreed to set the whole of the fame, or more thereof than shall leave a sufficiency so unset for such term to Constitnte such freehold, he shall also declare in like manner tile lime when 'such agreement was made, and Inch freeholder fiiail not be permitted to vote at such election by virtue of such Irechold, unlc-is it shall appear that such agreement was made and entered into one whole* year at the least, previous to the ted of the writ for holding such election.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be'admit-ted to vote by virtue of a freehold which shall have come to him by defeent, devise, marriage, or marriage-settlement, unless lie shall have duly registered the fame at tome session of the peace cr adjournment thereof, held prior to the tell of the writ in the

6 P 2 county,

f. !. or col.

tiiviioltiers, who have let or to

set such fiec-htilds as herein, shall not vote un-Jefi they rendered under thi> or recited i year be. foie ek'tltion.

Wha; shall he fw.rit by :o!.or ;cf. fir, holders before they poll, if required.

prerV.nld-misy odevnt, d.-. 1. of m.i?. /jj.’c*. ih.v.J icgtiler before tclt of writs

5 20 7 he thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

county, town or city, where such election shall be held, in man->797- ner and form by the fuiu recited act, or this present act required, h con's of a rent-charge, one year previous to the test of the i year if a writ, for holding the ekdion at which he shall offer to vote, or six months previous to Inch left, if it does not conftft of a rent-charge.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the oath to be take" at any cledion, by any freeholder who shall offer to vote by virtue of a freehold, registered . under the yearly value of twenty pound?, the words, " by rfiling thereon f or the words, " by tilling or grazing, to the amount of forty Jhil/ings yearly value thereof" shall respectively be inferred, according as they shall have been inferred in the oath taken, or affirmation made, for the registering thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the peace

"f peacefo* ^OI any coul,t)'> county of a city, or county of a town, shall omit

every poll- or neglect to deliver in court to the (hcriff, previous to the cotn-

lic°neglects to mencement of the poll, the books of regidry which by the said act

deliver to )ie ;s rCqUtred to attend with and so deliver, or shall omit to make

thenfl on 1 ’

oath, prevt- oath respecting the fame, in manner required by the said act, fitch

pdl;°i' clerk of the peace shall forfeit for every book so omitted to be deli-

fcrm-r'dic vcrc'd, the sum of five hundred pounds, half of which shall be to

other togrand the life of such person as shall sue forit, and the other half to

JUry‘ . such, use as the grand jury thereof shall at any subseqttent assizes

direct.

sol penal-

VII. And be it enacted, That there shall be allowed to every ty for taking acting clerk of the peace, for providing and preparing an affidavit for providing and certificate of registry, if required so to do, the sum of one (lill-an affidavit anci no more; and that any derk of the peace, attorney, or

jool pe-

and certificate of rC'

g‘!by.

other person whatever, who shall demand, receive, or take on any . pretence whatsoever, for providing and preparing any such affidavit and certificate, more than the above sum of one shilling, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to any person who shall sue for the same, to be filed for and recovered in like . manner as any of the penalties in said recited act. is fuable for and . recoverable.

Freeholders

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person seized of a free-vicchtarmy bold, whether confiding of a rent-charge, or not, shall he on or miiiti.u actual service, either in the army or militia, out of the county,

where they town, or city, where such freehold lies, and shall take and fub-to'mdntwr'11, fcr*be the oath or affirmation required by said recited act, or this reded Pr£^cnt a^> to be by him taken for registering such freehold at any lfeftions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, held in the county,

town,

The thirtj-fcveatij Year of George III. 521

town, or city, in which lie shall he quartered or iutioned, dating A.D. therein the regiment, battalion, troop, or company (as the calc 1797-may be) to which he belongs, such affidavit shall be subscribed by ^aP^47~ two of the justices of the peace prcliding thereat, and countcrsign-cd by the clerk of the peace for such county, town, or city, who shall certify, that the corps -in which lie serves, is quartered or 11a-tioned therein, and such oath or affirmation so subscribed and coun-tersigned, may be produced at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, or at any adjournment of an adjournment held in the county, town, or city, in which such freehold lies, and when read aloud there in open court, shall be signed by two of the justices of the peace presiding there, and shall be delivered to the acting clerk of the peace, to he filed and kept amongst the records of the county, and every such oath or affirmation so taken, shall be of equal effect for regiflefing such freehold, as if it had been made at the sessions of the peace for the county in which such freehold is situated, provided such affidavit shall have been so for.liinil.ivii, filed the fame length of time previous to the test of the writ, as by the lad aft, or this present act, such freehold is required to be 'slime-a; >>y

r , 1 hit or prefcni

registered, in order to entitle such per ton to vote. aei required,

IX. And to prevent doubts about the validity of sessions for re- ^T^writ.

giftering freeholds, belt declared, That any town for the holding what shall of a market, in which his Majesty's letters patent have been grant- b: 1

ed, or shall hereafter be granted, or wherein markets have been

held by prescription, shall be deemed a market town, an 1 is a market town within the meaning of the said receited act, whether markets are, or shall be held therein, or not.

X. And be it enacted, That all sessions or adjournments there-

of, or adjournments of adjournments, shall be deemed good and valid within the meaning of the said receited act, and this present act, although no sheriff or fub-flieriflf shall have attended, or shall fiierwr :.i attend at such sessions or such adjournments. undcJ,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the registry of any free- p.ce;nrv

Att ft fli and adj.nif! -m tins dimmed valid, although no

hold shall not be impeached on account of any irregularity in the no'jj holding or adjourning of any sessions, from whence the sessions at icjru'.iTtiy which such freehold shall have been registered, shall have been ad- " h®3-'5 journed, either directly or by any adjournment of adjournments, provided such latter session shall have been duly and regularly held in all other respects.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case a question respecting the right of any person claiming to vote, shall occur, which a deputy shall not think hivnfelf competent to determine, such deputy may send to the sheriff or sheriffs who shall preside at such election,

Vot,. XVIII. 6 Q, dating

Where a

deputy cannot de:rrnu*RC whetherprrfnn has n rijrbt to vote ct not, I»c

522 'The thirty-/eventh Year of C eorge IIL

l\. D. fluting his not thinking himself competent to determine such per-1797- son’s right of voting, in every which case such sheriff or sheriffs shall take such person’s poll, and receive or reject his vote accord-may send to ing as.he shall be qualified or not to vote at such election, either who^'haifrc- "m the booth, building, or other place appropriated to such deputy, "a"fo-re" as ^le or tlu-7 shall judge moit expedient, any thing in the said act vote. to the contrary notwithstanding.

Returning

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every returning officer officers...n; anj officers, and every deputy shall have full power, and he and

deputus may 1 ;/ . 1

administer ail they are hereby authorized to administer all oaths and affirmations fnis \Ukiliavo allowed or required by the said receited act, or this present act, to regittcicd |,e at'ministered at any electiou for a member or members to serve

-their Irer-

hold>, where in parliament, but not to any person until it shall appear that he tllu-a ‘ has duly registered his freehold, where such freehold is required to be registered, in order to intitle him to vote.

Wherethere

XIV. And whereas it is enacted by the said act, that in case of an equality of voices, for any two or more candidates at any elec-»"mherof 'iQn! ri'c returning officer shall be obliged to give a calling voice;

votes, the be it enacted, That in counties of towns or cities where two

po\nwi,":its'" fncriffs preside as returning officers, the sheriff whole name standi Sing vi.r'e brft *a die appointment to the oflice, shall if he be present, give f protein, such calling voice.

Rciiflries

XV. And be it enacted and declared, That no person shall he not inn w.per deemed unduly or not properly registered on account of the affi-

on account of t t / o

being mi- Javit for such regiflry net being on damped paper, or on account not read aloud of such affidavit not having been read aloud in open court, m conn. XVI, And be it enacted, That in the oath required to be taken -be emitted by a rent-chargcr, either for the puirpose of registering his freehold, chmSi-^imt or when be shall offer to poll, the words granted by deed bearing granted by ja/e ifJC gay of in the year , may be

omitted, in case such rent-charge shall not have been granted by deed, and the particulars of the title of such person to such rent-

s;c:;

it- <-' -') f-

JI. UUVII-

hn<U> b.«ro-w f». &c arc

dm&ed to be lunicd:

Rc-rftry of a i.t.hoMin a c.'unvy of a ciiv r of a *Jtcrc

charge, shall be inserted in the room thereof.

XVII. And whereas in several counties of cities, and counties of towns in this kingdom, the denominations of towns, lands, or baronies, are not in use: And whereas by the act of the thirty-fifth of his present Majesty, [chapter -yin, section j i ft,] the town-land or town-lands, and barony or haft-barony, or baronies or half-baronies, wherein the freehold is situated, are directed to be named in the oath for registering the faire: Be it declared and enacted, Tbut the registry of any freehold situated in any county of a city, or county of a tow n in which the denominations of town-lands or baronies are not in use, shall be to all intents good and effectual,

although

r

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. although the affidavit of registry does not name any town-land or town lands, barony or hali-barony, or baronies or half-baronies, in which such freehold is fitnated; and that in the oath to betaken by such freeholder before the returning officer, or his deputy, at the time of election, it shall not he necessary either to name the town-land or barony, or half-barony, provided the freehold out out of which such freeholder claims to vote, shall be situated in any county of a city, or county of a town, in which the denomination of town-lands or baronies are not in use.

XV.111. And be it further enacted, That if any candidate or elector shall desire it, every person offering to vote at any election, shall before he he admitted to vote, take the oath following:

I A.B. do swear, or if a quaker, do affirm, that I am to the bcjl of my belief of the age of twenty-one years.

Which oath or affirmation every returning officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, are hereby required and empowered to administer, either by itself, or in addition to any other oath or affirmation which may be tendered to such elector.

XIX. And be it enacted and declared, That any papist or person professing the Roman catholic religion, who shall have taken and subscribed, or who shall hereafter take and subscribe at any time previous to the ted of the writ for holding the election at which such person fin 11 offer to poll, the oaths and declarations contained in an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, Sin act to enable his Majesty'ssubjects of whatever persuasion, to testify their allegiance to him, and a'.so an act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the relief of his Majestys popifi or Roman catholic subjects of Ireland, in some one of his Majesty's four-courts in Dublin, or at the general sessions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, or at any adjournment of an adjournment thereof to be holden for the county, city, or town, wherein such papist or person professing the roman catholic religion doth inhabit and dwell, or before the going judge w judges ofaffize, in the county wherein inch papist or person professing the Roman catholick religion doth inhabit and dwell, in open court, shall be deemed to have taken and subscribed such oaths and declarations within the meaning of said last receited act, and this present act, in order to entitle him to vote at such eltftion: Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to entitle such person to vote, unle's he shall produce to the l or other returning officer, a certificate of his having taken and fitbfrribed said oaths and declaration, as by laid aft, and this present at!, required.

6 Q % XX. And

Oath to be taken b> ner-fens offering to vi> e» if rc* quircJ by a candidate or eleflor.

P.ipiflswttO lure taken and Jubfiiib-' eJ (he on ill 'i end declarations herein named, prcvi* ooj to less of tt»it,deemed to hive taken o*ilr« untl *:c-

cl.ir.uioiti to entitle them

such persons shall prodo e certificate, to fliciifii.

24 The thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XX. And be it enacted, That every election or return of any 1797* person to serve in parliament, tvho shall be under the age of twenty-

Eleiiion of cne years) shall be deemed null and void, and that if it shall be p.rio.,! under determined by any committee of the house of commons, who shall

SI years lliajl J 7

k urid, a.,d try any petition presented against any such election or return, that " inch person was under the age of twenty-one years, on the day of such cleft ion, a new writ shall forthwith iflite for the election of another person in his place.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the Relief of Cotifncd Debtors, iuIio miry be Insolvent.

r.-.juu.l rjTJ WHEREAS fercral persons now arc, and for a considerable time have been ' com'.ned for debt, in the several gaols of this kingdom, who are ready mid dofirous to surrender ail their property to their creditors, but cannot by so doing obtain their liberty, without the intorposition of the icgillature: and whereas a great proportion of fuid prisoners are tradclmen, manuf;i£lurers and husbandmen, and by confinement are prevented from exercising their industry ami labour, to support themselves and families: and whereas it will be of benefit to the just creditors of fuel) prisoners, that a fan* and true account and dividend of all their property and efttfdts shall be taken and made, and it Is also just, that insolvents, truly surrender-ing the whole of tlvcir property to their creditors, shall be liberated, and enabled to pursue their several occupations, for the support of themselves and families: in order therefore to cany these objects into cflect, and to prevent the several deceits and frauds heretofore practised, in procuring the discharge of insolvent prisoners, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That immediately afierthe passing of this act, every gaoler or marilialfea-keeper, in the kingdom of Ireland, shall make a return of the several persons who were confined in their respective gaols for debt, on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, such return to certify the day of their several committals, and whether they have been in adhta custody ever fuice the day of such committal, the name or names of the plaintiffs, at whose suit they were committed or detained, the amount of their respective debts, with the trade or occupation of the prisoners, and the places of their residence, immediately previous to their imprisonment; such return to be verified on fhc oath of such gaoler, or marshalsea-keeper, before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or city, where such prisoners are confined, and also verified by the certificate of the high-flicriff or fhmffs, or under-sheriff of such county or city, and to be further verified by the certificate of the local inspector of such prison or prisons; and such magistrate shall immediately thereupon transmit such return, a'fulavit, and certificate, to the inspe&or-general of prisons, for the time being, at his office in Dublin; and attested copies of such affidavits, returns and certificates, shall be granted by the said inspector-general of prisons, to any creditor or other person applying for the fame, on such creditor or other person, paying to the said in-fpcclor-geruTal, the sum of two shillings and six-pence; and that such certificate r ' Anil

'i he thirty-seventh Year of George III.

iiuil b: fu licient evidence of the several miners therein contained; :i»ul any gaoler iv nurfhalfea-keeper, or io al inspe-hn-, neglecting to nuke Inch return for the qv.ee of twenty four hours after request mule to him in writing for th-‘ fun:, an.I :' e pidem: of one credible witness, fh til forreit the sum of te/enty p nm.l; for ceth and every default, to be recovered in any of hi.; M ijeltyh courts ol rcroiit at l):;!)iin, hv bill, plaint or information, one half thereof to go to his Majesty, an i the ether half to the informer} a-' I the said inl'peolor-gLMieral ilnil make a return of the several perfous confined for debt in this kingdom, who Hull have been discharged and set at liberty, by virtue of this act, and lav the fame before each luule of pidi.'.ment on the first day of the next ensuing fdlion.

II. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, Tli.it from and after the paffmguf this act, any person or persons who shall have been in actual confinement, Oil the first day of January, one thousatul seven hundred and ninety-seven, and hath or have been ever since confined in actual custody, in any gaol or prison in ih.is kingdom, under any execution, writ, action, decree ov oilier pvocefs ifiucd out of any court of law in this kingdom, whether of superior or inferior jurisdiction, for any debt or debts not exceeding the principal sum of two hundred pounds so any one person, and performing the several requisite.s made neeefiary by this act, may exhibit a petition to the judge or judges of that court of law from whence the process issued, upon which he, (lie, or they were first arrested or taken, felting forth the said original cause or.process, and also all other causes of his, her, or their imprisonment, and in a schedule to be annexed to such petition, setting forth a lull and true account of his, her, or their whole real and personal estate, and of all and every sum and sums of money, gifts, legacies, charges, reve.rfions, and benefits whatsoever, which he, flie, or they is, arc, or may be, in law or equity entitled unto, under or by virtue of any will or settlement, or otherwise, as far as the fame hath come to the knowledge of him, her, or them, with die dates of the securities wherein any part of it consists, and of the deeds, wills, writings, or notes relating thereto, and the names of the witnesses to the fame, as far as his or her knowledge extends thereto, and in whose hands the fame respectively arc; but before any such petition shall he received by the judge or judges of the said court, out of which the original or first process, as aforesaid, has issued, every such prisoner or prisoners, in order to obtain the benefit of this act, shall give, or cause to be given, a notice in writing, in manner and form as herein after mentioned, to all and every the creditor and creditors at whose suit such prisoner or prisoners Hand charged, or his or their executors or administrators, or at his, her, or their usual place of abode, or to his, her, ot their attorney or agent, then -on record in any such action or actions on which the said prisoners were arrested, or under which they were detained.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person imprisoned by the authority of -civil-bill-decrcc or decrees, be removed to the marshalsea of Ids h ijesty’s Four.courts, in such case the person so removed may apply to any judge of his Majesty's courts of record, and on performing the requisites provided by this act, such person shall be discharged by the authority of such judge or judges from said civil-bill-decree or decrees 5 provided always, that when the attorney lad on record, or under whose name such process ifiucd, shall he dead, such prisonct or prisoners may serve notice on any other attorney or attornies who shall or may have been employed by said creditors, and shall appear their attorney or attornies on record, in said action or actions, at any time previous to their preferring their petition as aforesaid, and Hull also give notice in the Dublin Gazette, of the like import to all his, her, or their creditors, at whose suit he, flic, or they h or shall be detained, at leafk ten days before the prefeming of such petition, and an affidavit of - the due fervtcc of every such notice, at the time of prefeming f..oh petition shall be

526

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

mi-Chap# 48,

read, and at the same time proof fl ail be mr.de to the fatiafaclion of such judge or judges, of such publication in the Gazette, and thereupon such judge or jeo'g s shall by order, cause the said prifener, so petitioning, to be brought up before such judge or judges as such prisoner shall petition, cn feme short da)’ to he appointed by fuel* judge or judges} far'd notices to be given ten days at least before any such petition shall be preferred and received, signed with the name or mark of such prisoner, importing his or her intention to petition, as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas great interruption, delays, and inconvenience have frequently arisen to the usual and imlifpen.abl business of the courts of King’s-bench, common pleas, and exchequer, by persons feuking the benefit of n£ls passed for the relief of infofvent debtors, having the matter of ihcirrespeiiHvc cases debated in torn time in/aid courts, by means whereof the said couits iM'e oiteu and repc.ittdiy been under the unavoidable ncctfliry, from not having time to hear the fame, rf remanding said personss hatk to prifcii fora cor/fidcrable time after they were fflf entitled to the benefit of the find acts, and had performed all the requires dir., fled therChy; be it therefore emitted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every rf the judges of lis fthijiflj’s said courts are hereby empowered to appoint any day or days in any term or vacation, to hear and determine cn the petition or petitions of any person or persons applying for the bemfits of this att, and Jib to hear and determine on find petition or petitions in any of the chambers br/ing/ng to their respective courts, or ary other place that such judge or judges may appoint.

V. Provided always, That no petition of any insolvent, praying to he discharged under this att, shall be received or taken into consideration by any, judge or judges, unless such petition be.previously signed by some one, proofing attorney of the court to which such petition shall be preferred, or where such judge or judges preside, which attorney shall also certify upon said petition, that he verily believes the contents of the fame2re true, and that the several requilites required by this att have been fully, truly, and without fraud, equivocation, or evasion, performed \ such petition and certificate to be lodged by such attorney with the ofli-or of the court to the judge or judges of which such petition is preferred or ad-drdTed; and the several creditors at whose suit the prisoner or prisoners are charged or detained, as aforesaid, shall be summorred for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, and upon the day appointed for taking such petirion into consideration, as herein after mentioned, whether the creditor or creditors so fuir-moned, or any other creditor, appear or not, proof being made of due notice and service, and of such publication in the Gazette, as shall appear satisfactory to the said judge or judges, he or they may, in a summary way, examine into the matter of such petition, and hear what may or shall be alledged oft either fide, for or ag.itnil the discharge of such prisoner; and upon examination such judge or judges may, and are hereby required to ndminister or tender to the prisoner an oath to the following tfiitt, wlrch oath, nr if a quafcer an affirmation, the said judge or judges are hereby cn powered to administer.

2 A.B. dofohmv.ly /wear, or if a qvahr, do affirm, in tie frtfer.ee of almighty Geo. lint the account by me delivered into this honourable court, in my petition to be discharged et an insolvent, and the schedule thereunto annexed, doth contain a true and full account of all my real and ftrfonal estate> debit, credits, and eJftSls whatsoever, which I or any in trujlfor me have> or at the time of my said petition had, or am, or was in any resptfl entitled to, in Pqffeffltm, remainder, or rtverson, except the wearing apparel anj bedding for me or my family, and the tools or instruments of my trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value, in the whole, and of all and every sum or funts of money, chants, and ben fits whatsoever, which inlaw or equity J am or may be entitled to under 2 any

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 5-7

any Ti*://, fitlcmsv.t, or otlerwfe, as fir as hath earns t: my hiowicdge, and that I have A. not of a ny tunc face my imprisonment or before, dinel-y, or indirectly JoUl, hafed, ajfg'ted, I 97* or oth.Twf.’ dfpfed of, or made over in inf fir myfelfi, cr any of my family, relations, Chap. q or friends, or oi.b:rwif\ other than as mentioned in such account, tiny part of my lands, -"V*"*—^ fates, ff'ds, f.oek, money, debts, real or perfnal if ate, or salt or [urns of money, charges and ben fits in law cr equity, as afireftid, when by to conceal or discharge the fame, or whereby to have or expiSI any bat fit or profit to niyfelfi or any of ray family> or whereby any of ttty creditors to whom I am indebted, may be defrauded of or diprhed of the fame, or hindered from reeovering his, her, tr their jufi debt or debts.

So help m: Cod.

And tn cu.fi the p ifoner (bill, S*forc any judee or judges <‘f that court to which his or her Hull be ml lt-ilh-1, take the said oath or affirmation, an.! upon

such tximination, am! his or her raking the oath or affirmation, flic creditor.-; shall be satisfied u-irh the truth thereof, the jtiH^e or judges aforesaid, may in -mediately order the lands, goods, and tftecis contained in such fdiedule oi account, and all other the real and personal estate of such prisoner, and all Ann or films of mo.ley, gifts, legacies, elnrges, revci fions ami benefits, to w’.iich he or Hi; miybi entitled to in law or equity, as aforesaid, to be assigneri to fame officer of the jure where such neriti >n lhi!l he filed, (not a creditor of the said pvsfonei) to be Cued on by the said judge or judges of such court before whom such prifoiiur nny be brought for tint purpose; and all and every the lands, goods, ami eflecls, and all the clhtercal and personal of such prisoner, and all sum and fuma of money, gifts, legacies, charges, and benefits as aforesaid, shall be fully and efic&u-ally affigr.ed to, and vetted in such officer, by a short endorsement on the back of said netuion of fcliedule, finned by such prisoner; and the person to whom such alignment is or full be made, may take possession of, and sue for the same, in law or equity, in his own name, to which suit no release of the prisoner, his or her executors or administrators, or any ivuttee for him or her, subsequent to fmh assigninent, Hi ill be any bar, and the said alignment shall be in trust for all the creditors of the said prisoner who shall, within six months after such assignment^ in pursuance of notice being given in the Dublin Gazette for that purpose, by such assignee, come in and claim, and prove their debts respectively, upon oath to be made before a matter, ordinary, or extraordin ry, in the court of chancery, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in any of the law courts in this kingdom; or before any going judge of assize, or any mayor or chief magistrate of any city, borough, or town-corporate, near to which such creditor or creditors shall re-ftde within this kingdom or elsewhere; and immediately upon such alignment cxc. cuted, an order shall be made by such judge or judges, immediately to discharge such prisoner, and such order shall be a sufficient warrant to the flicriff, gaoler, or keeper of such prison, to discharge the said prisoner if detained for the causes mentioned in such petition, and no other 5 and such sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, is hereby required to discharge or set such prisoner at liberty without fee; nor shall such Ihcriff, gaoler, or keeper, be liable to any action of escape on that account.

VI. Provided always, That in case any creditor or other person shall, before such prisoner be actually discharged, as aforesaid, make affidavit of any deceit or fraud practised in obtaining such order, before any such judge or judges may deem sufficient grounds, such judge or judges may, and are hereby empowered to supersede such order, and to order such prisoner to be detained until the next day appointed for the discharging of insolvents by said judge or judges, and thesubje&of said affidavit shall then be taken into consideration by said judge or judges, who may, upon confederation thereof, remand such prisoner, or make such order thereon as to them shall seem fit.

6 R ?,

52 8

A.D. 1797 Chap. + S.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th.it if any person or persons shall wilfully conceal any part of the efiefts of any person claiming the benefit of this act; or shall take any argument or other conveyance, of any estate real or personal of such persons, either iu trull for such insolvent, or for any of his family, or in any fl>ape to evade the indention of this act; or shall accept any false or fictitious security or securities, in order to take or preserve any part of the property of such insolvent from his juil creditors, each and <. very person so oflcnding, shall, on being duly convicted thereof, Aider six months inipri-fonment, and pay a fine of one hundred pounds; one half thereof to die informer who shall fuc for the fame, and the other half to the poor of the parish in which such fraud shall be committed; to be recovered with double costs, by action of debt, bill, -plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, wherein.no cfloin, protection, or wager at law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and all alignments, conveyances and securities made in such manner, shall be deemed null and void, as against the just creditors of such insolvent.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any attorney acting as aforesaid, for any insolvent, shall sign or certify any petition, knowing the same to be false, or shall return, or give in to the officer of any court, any affidavit of the service of notice on any creditor, his representative, or attorney as aforesaid, which notice 0 all be found not to have been served as set out in said affidavit, or shall knowingly or willingly deceive the judge or judges in any of the proceedings or requisites made necessary ’by this act, or shall assist, or cause to be afiifled, such insolvent in anymeasure to deceive or impose upon such judge or judges, in order to procure the discharge of such insolvent, in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such judge or judges, upon the petition of any creditor afiefted by such fraudulent^discharge, to examine the matter in a summnry way, and if it shall appear satisfactovily to such judge or judges, that such attorney was instrumental in imposing on such judge or judges, and thereby obtained, or attempted to obtain the discharge of such insolvent, to order such attorney to be committed to the Four-courts mar-flialfea, or other prison of the court from whence such process issued, for a space of twelve months, or until he shall satisfy, or make compensation to such creditor or creditors of such insolvent, as shall appear to such judge or judges to be assessed thereby, and every such attorney, so adjudged to have been guilty of such mifde-mcanor, shall be ever after incapable of acting or practising as an attorney in any of his Majesty's courts in this kingdom.

IX. And be it enacted, That the person to whom the said efTefts shall be assigned, shall, and he is hereby required to divide the eflefts so assigned, amongst all the persons for whom they shall be entrusted, amongst whom the gaoler, or keeper of the prison, in whose custody the party discharged was, shall be included as a creditor for his fees, in proportion to their respective debts as aforesaid; but in case the person or persons, at whose fmt such prisoner was charged, or any of them, shall not be satisfied with the-truth of such oath, but shall desire further time to inform himself or themselves of the matters contained therein, the said judge or judges may remand the said prisoner, and direct the person or persons difTatisfied with such -oath, to appear at another day, to be appointed by the said judge or judges, some time within fourteen days next following the time of such examination, and if on such second day so to be appointed, the creditor or creditors dilTatisfied with such oath, shall make default in appearing, or in case lie or they shall appear, but shall be unable to discover any estate or c(lefts of the prisoner, omitted in such his or her petition or schedule, or to shew any probability of his or her having been for- sworn

The thirty-fevcivh Year of George III.

i:/oin in the f.titl oatl'.j or to tl,e\v ,.ov other fuiBcient eause to the said judge oT A. IX v.liy Bo or ike fiiouM not ho difulurged, then the fai.l jutl^c 01 judges shall i j(yj. in-medi-tic1)’ cattle the find jn;lbi:cr to he discharged, upon such aHigimwiit, of his Chap. 4X w her ciUtes, cfilCls?, benefits and interests, in manner as aforesaid.

X. And te it uueltd, That etcrv affidavit of notice upon any creditor or creds ter ;, theiv Jvpiefe;iti.ti*e;'» or their attorniesi made vcquifitc by this act, Until specily tr'c tiar.tcs and abodes of the pet Tons served, by whom they were tewed, the place \i here, an.! the day of Service, and whither personally sewed or otherwise, and no dluUivit i'i such notice ll.all he read -or received, unless such attorney of the infoi. y.v.u ns aforeiiiid, ffiail upon fucit affidavit certify, that he verily believes a notice to have been regul.trly.md du’y served upon such creditor or creditors, as aforesaid, or ins. her or their represeniative or attorney, ten days at the lead, before such petition shall be taken Into coniidenitiou, every such notice to be in live words, or If the following effect:

Tale nstift', that notv .7prifuer confined in

for debt, has on (he day f prefaiU'd a petition to the judges of his Majests court cf c r so the judges of the court from

xhitice the process issued, whereon such prisoner is con fund. to be disckc.rged as an injol-venty under the act of parliament htefx puffedfor that purpose, and that such petition will le taken into consideration on the day of by

a judge or judges of said court, before wj:ni\vtar: hereby required to appear in perfn, or I \ your attorney.

XI. Provided always, and be it further entitled by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons of the debtor or debtors so discharged, shall never after hr arrested, or he liable lo impvifonnicr.t for the fame debt or debts, for which any debtor was so arrested or detained in prison, nor for any other debt or debts due to any other person or persons, although no arrest has been made, or detainer laid on said debtor, at the suit of such other person or persons, provided the fame was or were due on or before the tirfl: day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven 3 and in case lie, fhc, or they shall be arrested or imprisoned for any such debt or debts, and any suit or suits shall be commenced or prosecuted agair.fi; him, her, or them, inreipeft thereof, such person so discharged, shall, and may be discharged therefrom, and set at liberty by any judge of the court out of which so.eli pvocofs issued, for which he was so confined by an order made thereupon, on. hearing the matter in a summary way, or by any judge of assize, commissioner of general gaol delivery, or comnv.flioner of cytr and terminer 3 and fuel) person so dif-ckurged may pier..I this act, ami his discharge under the fame, ill bar of any such idion or action'!.

All. Provided always, That in case the said prisoner shall refuse to take the said oath affirmation, or having taken the fame, shall be detetted of falsity therein, before laid judge or judges, he or flic shall presently be remanded by the said judge or to prison, and fluli forfeit the benefit of this act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if r-.y such person, who shall take such oath or affirmation, as aforesaid, fnali, upon my indictment for perjury in any matter or particular, contained in the said oath or affirmr.ticiijbe convicted by his or her own confession,or by the verdict of twelve men* v h: or fse may be by force of this act the person so convicted shall suffer all thepains .—.d forfeitures which may by law be inflicted on any person convicted of wilful per-jrrand ihr.ll lihewife be liable to be taken on any process, de novof and charged s*.;r :he said debt, or any other, in the same manner as if he, or the had never been Vpi_. XVIII. / 6 S discharged

330 7 he thirty-sevenih If ear of ^ George TIL

A.D.

discharged or taken before, and shall never after have the benefit of this, or any \ '*9'. other insolvent aft.

Ch.ij). 4S. hIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if —*.. any person or persons obtaining his, her, or their discharge from imprisonment, under or by virtue of this act, as aforesaid shall knowingly and willfully remove, make away with, conceal or embezzle any part of his, her, or their estate, goods, or c/Tefts or any beneficial interest, to the value of ten pounds, or any books of accounts, papers, securities, or wriringSTcIating thereto, with an intent to defraud his, her, or their creditors, all and every such person and persons, being thereof lawfully convicted by indictment, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and'/hall fu/Fcr as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy, or the benefit-of any fhtute made in relation to felons j^and in such case, all the goods, eftefts elfote, and interests of such person or persons so convicted, shall go to and be divided by the assignee, as aforesaid amongst all the creditors of such person or-per. Tons, in like manner as the fame would have been done if included in such schc. dule as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no more shall be paid for any notice or publication under any part of -this act in the Dublin Gazette, or any other publick newspaper, than one /hiking; and the publisher of TuCh Gazette, and of every publick newspaper, shall be bound on rerjueft thereof, and on payment or tender of the said sum of one /hilling, to print and publish the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all orders, affidavits, advertisements, notices, and proceedings to be made and published, or'in any wise to be had towards, or in order to the obtainingithe discharge of any prisoner, or person herein before or after mentioned, and towards the creditor or creditors of such person, piifonor or prisoners, obtaining a satisfaction of his, her, or their just debts, by means of this act, or any part of it, shall not ;be liable to’ any /lamp duty whatsoever.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every such assignee shall make a dividend or dividends of all the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, coming to his hands, within nine calendar months after the same shall be so afligtied to, or be vested in him, as aforesaid, as far as die nature thereof will admit, unless upon application to the judge or judges by which such assignee was appointed, and afligriing some good cause for delaying the fame, further time shall be given; and in case any of the estates, eftefts, or interests, so assigned to or-vested in such assignee, as aforesaid, shall be of such a nature as not to be reducible into possession or into money within a convenient time, such assignee shall and may by petition, (late the same to the judge or judges by whose OFder the a/signment was made, who may refer it to the officer of the court of which such judge or judges belong, to sell and dispose thereof, so circumstanced, for the belt price that can be got-for the fame; and in case the fame- shall be subject to any honed and fair charge or incumbrance, may sell or dispose of the fame, subject to such charge or incumbrance, and shall have power to convey, assign, and transfer the lame, and the whole interest which such person had therein; and the produce nri-sing by every such sale shall be paid to such assignee, to be divided as aforesaid, after payment of such costs as shall reasonably.have been expended, touching the fame; and the venders and purchasers shall not be answerable for the application or misapplication thereof.

XVIII. And whereas it may happen that some person or persons may be found m possession of some part or parts of the estate of such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, or of such prisoner or prisoners as hereafter mentioned, pretending to be entitled thereto under some custodium or custodiums, or under some foreign attachment or attachments, for some Jiftitious debt or debts which have been wholly or t in

cPhe thirty-seventh Year of George III. 531

in a great part satisfied: V: it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in every J),

such case the assignee shall and may petition the couit of exchequer, praying that an enquiry may be made, and that justice may be done to all the creditors of such pri- 1 797* loner or prisoners, respecting the fame; whereupon the said court to whom such Chap 48. petition shall be presented, iliali and may, in a summary way, enquire into and finally decide-upon such custodium or custodiums, foreign attachment or attachments; and if it shall appear to such couit, that such custodium or custodiums, foreign attachment or attachments was or were obtained for a debt or debts really and fairly-owing by-such prisoner, then, and in such case, such creditors shall, if such debt shall appear to be a Ample contrail debt, be entitled, according to the amount of Ius debt, to such proportton of the effects of such prisoner as other creditors claiming Ample contrail debts are entitled to j bur if such euflodium or cuf-todiums shall appear to have been obtained upon one or more judgment or judg. ments, then, in such.case, such creditor1 shall be entitled to be paid according to the priority of his judgment or judgments, in such maimer as other judgment creditors are to be paid by this all.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing in this all contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any mortgagee or mortgagees, or creditor or creditors by statute staple or statute merchant, -recognizance, or judgment of any eftat-:

orinterest, or of any lien, charge, priority or benefit, to which such mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, for a fair and valuable consideration shall have or be entitled to in law or equity, against, or in respect of any of the lands or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners, such mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, or the person or persons under ufliom he, flic, or they may claim, being truly and bona fide such on ‘the first day of January, one thousand fuvcit hundred and ninety-seven.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tins all 'shall not extend to any prifnner or prisoners seeking His discharge as aforesaid, who shall not appear by the return, affidavit and certificate herein before mentioned to have been in actual custody for debt, in some publick gaol, on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without fraud or collusion, nor to any such prisoner, as aforesaid, who shall be in prison, and charged in custody for any debt exceeding the principal sum of two hundred pounds to anyone person, unless such prisoner shall appear.to have obtained his or her certificate, under Tome commission of bankruptcy, or to have been discharged under some tnfolvent debtors all within Great Britain or Inland, and shall appear'to be imprisoned for some debt owing by him before the obtaining such‘certificate or discharge, nor shall the dime extend, or be construed to extend to any such prisoner seeking his discharge, a* aforesaid, to discharge him or her from any arrest or imprisonmem, or for, or in respell to any debt owing by him or her as a trustee for any widow or children, or as attorney or foficitor for any client, or as high sheriff, fub-sheriff, or coroner for any execution, or as-church warden, high-or petty conftnble of any parish \ nor shall this act extend to any person within the provision of the bankrupt laws of this kingdom, nor to any person who shall have heretofore taken the benefit of any all foi the relief of insolvent debtors; nor to any person who shall appear to have embezzled the effects entrusted to his care, or who has by false tokens1 or other fraudulent devices incurred the debt for which he or she is in custody.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every assignee of the oftate and effells of any prisoner or prisoners, within the provision? of this act, shall have power and authority to compound with the persons indebted *to such prisoner or prisoners, or to submit to arbitration, any suit, debt, c r claim of or against such prisoner or prisoners, or-of or against such assignee, as such? ami such composition as shall be so made by such assignee, and all and every award ami

6 5-2 award:.

ij'32 Tho thtrly-sevenih.Ycfir of George III.

A.D.

awards, as shall be made by any arli:>ator or arbitrators, umpire or umpires, in

I.797. consequence of any reference or arbitration, by any inch assignee, shall be good,

Chap. 48. c®"c&uat and binding to all parties concerned; and the said alliguec is hereby iu-demnified for what lie shall do, according to the directions aforesaid.

XXII. ' Provided always, and be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That in all and every case or cases, where mutual credit hath bet n given between any prisoner or prisoners, within the provisions of this act, and any oilier person t»r persons, or body politick or corporate, before the exhibiting of inch account or sche-dulc of the ellate and cflicls of fitch prisoner or prifom is, as aforesaid, tl.m and in every such case, the assignee of such prisoner or prisoners, 11,all have, and have hereby power to Hate and allow an account between them; and nothing more fb.di be deemed to be veiled in any such allignec, as the ellate or cflhiU of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her, or them, respectively, for the balance of such account, when duly Hated.

XXIII. And be it emitted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this att, in any part thereof, an oath is required or directed, the foleimi affir-iTintion of any person being a qitaker, to the fame cflbtt, Hull and may be accepted and taken, in lieu thereof j and every person making such affirmation, m I10 shall be convicted of wilful and fnlfe affirming, shall incur and suffer such, and the fame penalties a.'» are inflicted ami imposed by law, upon person.; convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXIV. Provided always, That if it shall at any time appeal to the court wlfuh has; ordered the dif. barge of any person claiming the benefit of this act, that such order had been made upon a f.dfe tlntcment of the facts, or any of them, In l;:< affidavit let forth, up. n which such order had. been founded, then, and in A.ui case, such court may* set afulc such order, whereby the person in whose favour had been made, shall be deprived of all benefit derived from thw-act.

XXV. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall

may be lawful to and for the assignee of the ellate and effects of fuel* prisoner 1 x prisoner;, who shall obtain his, her, or their discharge, in pursuance of thi; tt, or any person or persons duly authorized-by him fir that purpose, from timet*' t.mc, if need be, to apply to the judge of a flute, commissioner of oy:r ami

or g.ol delivery, thereby desiring that such prisoner or prisoners, person or person-, may be examined as to any matters or things relating to hi:., her, or their ellate or ericas, whereupon such judge or commissioner Audi lend for, or call before him or them, such prisoner or prisoners, person or persons, by such warrant, summor.;, ways or means, as lie or they shall think fit, and upon such prisoner’s appearing, shall examine him, her, or them upon oath, as to such matters and things, as such r.fligncc shall desire, relating to the ellate and cfletts of such prisoner or prisoners; and if any prisoner or prisoners, upon payment, or tender of payment, of fitch roa-

lbnable charges is such judge or commissioner shall deem sufficient, shall neglect, or tcfnfc to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made known to such judge or commissioner, and by him or them allowed, or, being cense before them, shall re.Vetobe sworn, or to answer ail or any of such qusfltons, as by such jit;!;'-’ or commissioner flv.il! be put to him, her, cr them, relating to the discovery of I:?, her, or their ellate or cffiecls so veiled, or intended to be vetted in such assignee, as aforesaid, that then, it shall and may be lawful for, such judge or commifiicrxr, by warrant under his or their hands and seals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoners, ib offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the ccunf; gaol, there to remain without bail or mamprixe, until such time as lie, lie, cr the; shall submit him, her, or themselves to such judge or commissioner, anti ani’we.* upon oath to all such questions as shall, by such judge cr cominiflicner, be rut to him, her, cr them, for the purposes aforesaid.

XXVI. A-.i

The ibirty-fevcuih Year of George III. 53

XXVI. And whereas it may be inconvenient to bring prisoners up to any of his y\. D.

Majest) ’s courts of record in Dublin, from country prisons at a distance from Dub- \

lii), by reason of the difficulties and expences attending the fame: for remedy (^ap. whereof, be it enacted by the authority nforefiul, Th.it from and after the piling v^-\——> of this act, ail pevfons who were in actual custody, for any debt or de’ ts net exceeding two hundred pounds ro any one periun on the first day of January, one thottf.md seven hundred and ninety-seven, in any gaol or prison of this hingdom, other tint! the gaols or.prisons within the ci'v, or county of the city of Dublin, ami who have continued ever fmee in such custody, {lull, mid may petition the judge or judges of the court of taw out of, or under which the original, or ft: ll pro:els blued, upon which he, file, or they were, and shall have been lb imprif<;tu.d. iu Jil'e manner as prisoners iti general are herein before enabled o:* authorized to do; and al! and every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, flmll annex to his, her, or their petition, a schedule setting forth, and containing a fall account of his, her, or tiitir whole real and personal cfbtc, iuterefts, ami benefits, i:i life manner as is herein before prescribed to such prisoner or prisoners, r.s aforesaid1; and tlx fe-venl creditors at whc.e suit such prisoner or prisoners shall hand charged, fluli he served with a copy of such order and petition, and schedule, or the same shall be left with his, her, or their attorney or attornies, or at his, her, or their dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, ten diys at Ie.ih before such aOizes; and notice Ih ill also be given in the Dublin gazette, to all and every the creditor or creditors of such piiloner or prisoners, of his, her, or their intention to petition to be discharged at the fud next affiy.es, such notice to be given ten diys at the least before such affixes; and it shall be lawful for the judges of assize, at such r.ffizes, or one of them, and he or they are hereby required to appoint a time for hearing the matter upon said petition, at or during such affixes, at which time the said judges, or one of them, upon proof that such creditor or creditors were served with a copy of the aforesaid order, and i!so with a copy of the schedule containing an account of such prisoner's real and personal ciUtc, iuterefts, and benefits, as aforesaid, fiuil in a summary way examine into the nutter of such petition, and hear what can or Hull be allcgedon either fide, for or against the discharge of such prisoner-; and upon such examination, the said judges, or one of them, shall order or direct the clerk of the crown of such county, or county of a city, or his deputy, to administer, or tender to every such person the oath herein before directed, and appointed to betaken by a prisoner seeking his discharge under this act, as aforesaid; and the said judges, or one of them, flull give such judgment, relief, and directions, respecting the discharge of such prisoners respectively, and as fully in all respects whatever, as the judge or judges of the court out of which such process issued, as aforesaid, may, or ought to give, according to and under this ail; and the said judges of assize, or one of them, shall cause such prisoner, by a short indorsement, to assign all his estate, real and personal, interests and benefits, in like manner as is herein before mentioned, respecting prisoners brought up before the judge or judges of the court out of which the said original, or first process issued, and under which he, (lie, or they is, or are imp.ifoned; and for that purpose, the said judge or judges of the court out of which such process issued, shall and may cause the said petitioner’s original petition and schedule to be delivered over, or transmitted over to the said judges of assize, or one of them, and the fame, together with a short memorandum or note of what shall be done before such judges of assize, or one of them, signed by such judges of assize, or one of them, shall be in the next term after such affixes, sent back to such couTt as aforesaid, there to remain on record; and what shall be done before such judges of assize, or one of them, and all proceedings before them, or any of them, as aforesaid, shall be as Yoi, XVIII. 6 T good

c

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

good and effectual in law as If the fame had been done before the judge or judge; of find court out of which such process issued, as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no person ilinll be entitled to his cr her discharge under this act, who shall be proved by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the judge or judges of the court out of which sech original, or first process issued, and to whom such prisoner’s petition has been presented, or such judge or judges, or other person, who shall by the provisions of this act, be appointed or enabled to determine the merits of said petition, as aforesaid, to have set forth in the affidavit to be by him or her made in pursuance of this act, or shall procure the gaoler, or ether person in whose custody lie, flic, oc they is, are, or have been, to set forth in the affidavit to be by them made, any matter or facYlh.it is not true, in order to entitle him, her, or them to the benefit of this act; and it Audi be lawful for such judge or judges, or other persons determining the merits of f.iid petition, at his or their discretion, to determine on the truth of such charge, ami annex to such petition a certificate; ami if by such certificate he shall be declared guilty of such charge, in such case the prisoner or petitioner so offending, and convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit the benefit of this act.

XXVIII. And whereas tinny persons are committed on attachments for not paying money awarded to be paid under submifltons, arbitrations, by rule of court, or under submission or atbitration bonds, and which submissions have been made rules of court, in pursuance of an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of William the third, fer determining dt/ftrtmes hv arbitration, and likewise for not paying of costs duly and icgtdarly taxed, and allowed by the pieper officer, afttrpio-per demands mails for that purpose, and also upon a writ of excommunicate cafistidc, or other process for, or grounded on the non-payment of colts and expences in cases of proceedings in ecclesiastical courts, and also by virtue of civil bill decrees: i: is hereby enabled and declared, That all such persons are and fhdl be entitled to the benefit of this act, and the same shall in all respects extend to the cases of every person committed and imprisoned, both as to his, her, or their persons and estates, in the same manner as to other prisoners in execution on capias r.d Jatisfiich'niiiimt or other process; and the judge or judges of assize are hereby empowered to discharge the person or persons so confined by virtue of civil bill decrees, upon such person or persons preferring his or their petition, giving such notice, and assigning his, her, or their cft.itc and efiefts, for the benefit of his, her, or their creditors, as herein before mentioned.

XXIX. And be it emitted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officers of the several courts to the judges of which petitions, as directed by this act, shall or may be directed or addressed, shall, and are hereby required to receive all petitions and other papers relating thereto, upon the fame being tendered to them respectively, and shall forthwith file the fame in their respective proper offices; and if any such officers, or clerks of any such officers shall be found offending therein, they shall- severally for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, in such manner as the court to which such officer shall belong may direct; provided that no person who has not been in actual custody previous to or upon the fit ft day of January, one ttioufand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to any benefit under this act.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the f ml :.flignee so made or appointed as aforesaid, shall refuse or decline to act in the Lid trust, that then,'and in such case, on application to the judge or judges of such court of law for that purpose, the said judge or judges is and are hereby cmpow.rcJ to substitute one or more assignee or assignees in the room and place of the p-.rfim so refusing or declining as aforesaid*

The thiriy-fiventh Year of George III. 535

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any creditor A.D.

or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, Hull be diii.itisfied v/it'i j rtj^,

the conduct of such assignee, as nforaViil, he, she, or they, nuy apply to the Qiap. 48. judge or judges by whom such afligme was appointed, for relief ugaiuft futh af- U—-v—^ signee, whereupon such judge or judges, upon fu:ficient cause appearing to them, may give such relief, by removal of such allignee, and by appointing some other person or persons in his field, or by making such other order or order* is th.,ll seem just and adequate to the occasion.

XXXII. Provided always, That the court which Hull difcjiarge any person under this act, may make such allowance to the officer of the court who dull be appointed assignee of the ethefts of any insolvent, as to their difcrctiou Hull seem meet, for his trouble a* assignee as aforesaid, and that said fuin be a charge upon the clfefts of said insolvent.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, TJut all insolvent debtors entitled to the benefit of this act, and whole debt or debts do not exceed fifty pounds in the whole, dull be libi rated free from all fees and charges whatsoever, but that all such fees and charges, and all costs attending their liberation, ftull bo the first charge upon the eJlefts of such insolvent debtors.

XXXIV. Provided always, That the court which {lull discharge any person under this act, may make such allowance to the officer of the court who fli.il! be assignee of the effects of any insolvent, as to their difcrctiou fit ill seem meet, for his trouble as assignee 33 aforesaid, and that said fu:n be the first charge upon the cifefts of said insolvent.

XXXV. Provided always, Tii.it nothing herein contained, Hull extend, or be construed to extend to Robert FiU, now a prisoner in the gaol of Carrickfergus»

Andrew Cherry, now a prisoner in the Four-courts marshalsea; Samuel Wilton, now aprisoner in the gaol of l)ow.p.irri«*k; or William Russell, now confined in the fl.er-fPs gaol in Dublin 5 but that they, the said Robert Fitz, Andrew Cherry,

Samuel Wilson, and William Ruffe)], shall be, and they are hereby excluded from the benefit of this act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That John Ross, now a prisoner in the flieriiT’s prifoti, in the city of Dublin, from the peculiar lurdship of his case, flared in his petition ro the house of lords, be included in, and entitled to the benefit of this act, notwithstanding he was not in actual confinement on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Benjamin Forrester, otherwise William Benj. min Foureftier, now a prisoner in the flterifTs pxifon in the city of Dublin, from the peculiar hardfiiip of his case, stated in his petition to the house of fords, be included in, and entitled to the benefit of this act, notuithstanding that his debts exceed the sum of two hundred pounds to any one person.

6'

CHAP.

The thirty-seventh Year a/-' George III.

CHAP. XLIX.

[Preamble.]

t Prisoners under execution or jnrfnc process, for not more than 2Col. who are willing to fa-lisfy their creditors, may petition court before end of term, felting forth cause of imprisonment, account of real ami persons) cJlau'5, See, See.

/In Act for the Relief and Maintenance of Infohent Debtors detained in Prison.

WHEREAS many persons are detained prisoners in dose custody for debt, by the obduracy of cruel creditors, though conscious such debtors are utterly unable to discharge the fame, by which means such prisoners are prevented from exercising such indiiftry, as might enable them to procure for themselves and families daily fullenance and support, who are therefore often destitute of the fame; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelim parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, for the case, relief, and maintenance of all persons who shall at any time hereafter be prisoners under execution, or mefnc process, for any debt or debts not exceeding two hundred pounds, and who shall be willing to satisfy their respective creditors as far as they are able, that from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any person or persons shall he charged in execution, or imprisoned under mefnc process for any Turn or Turns of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred pounds, on which execution, or mesne process, there shall at any time remain due, as shall be made to appear by.oath, a funvor sums of money not amounting above the said sum-of two hundred pounds, and shall he minded to deliver-up to his, her, or their creditor or creditors, who shall so charge him, her, or them, in execution, or under mesne process, all his, her, or their estate and cfledls, for or towards the satisfaction of the debt or debts wherewith he, she, or they shall so Hand charged or committed, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such prisoner, before the end of the first term which shall he next after any such prisoner shall he charged in execution, or committed under mesne process, by his creditor or creditors, to exhibit a petition to any court of law from whence the process issued, upon which any such prisoner was or were taken and charged in execution, or mesne process, as aforesaid, or to the court into which any such prisoner shall be removed by habeas corpus, or shall be charged in custody, and shall remain in the prison thereof, certifying the cause or causes of his, her, or their imprisonment, and not only setting forth in every such petition a

just

The tl-irty-seventh Year of George III. 537

just and true account of all the real and personal cftafc which he, A.D. Die, or they so petitioning, or any person or persons in trull for *797-

him, is, was, or were entitled to at the time of his, her, or their so petitioning, and of-all incumbrances and charges, if any there

be, afte&ng any such real or personal estate of the person or persons so petitioning, but also a just and true account of the real and persona! estate which any such prisoner or prisoners, or any person or persons in trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, was or were interested in, or entitled to at the time of his, her, or their imprisonment, in the action in which such person is charged in execution, or by mesne process, either-in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, to the best of the belief of every such prisoner or prisoners, and so far as his, her, or thei: respective knowledge-extends concerning the same; and like wife a just and true account of all securities wherein any part of the cf-tates of any such prisoner or prisoners confills; and of all the deeds, evidences, writings, books, bonds, notes, and papers-concerning the same, or relating thereto, and the names and places of abode of the witnesses to all securities, bonds or notes, and where they are to be respectively met-with, so far as his, her, or their knowledge extends concerning the same; and before any such pe- no,ic(. (olft tition from any prisoner or prisoners shall be received by any such g',c.n court, every such prifener or prisoners shall give, or leave, or >c{Kd, to alt cause to be given or left, unto or for all and every' the creditor or creditors at-whole-Tuit any such prisoner or prisoners shall (land charged in execution or mesne process, as aforesaid, or his, her, conn; or their executors oradministrators, and at his, her, or their tlfual place of abode, or to or for his, her, or their attorney' or agent last employed in any such action, fujt, cause or causes, in case any such creditor. or creditors, his, her, or their executors or adraini-strators cannot-be met with, but not otherwise, fifteen days at least before any such petition shall bepresented or received, a notice in writing, signed with the proper name or mark of every such prisoner or prisoners, importing therein that such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, doth or do-intend to petition, the court from whence the process issued, upon which he, she, or they Hand charged -in -execution or mesne process, as aforesaid, or into the prison ito which any such prisoner shall have been removed by Inbeas corpus, or shall (land charged by mel'nc process, or under execution on any judgment recovered oil any bill or declaration fded or delivered in any such-court; and also fctting forth in every co;ia:ofae-such notice-or writing, a true copy of the account or schedule, in- m.’cju« m eluding the whole real and pc: fond estate of the potion or potion,

538 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

so designing to petition, which he, flie, or they doth or do intend 1797- to deliver into any such court, other than and except the necessary Chap.49. wearing apparel, and bedding of the prisoner or prisoners, and his, npparX"ii«i- her, or their family, and the tools or instruments of his, her, or ding, and their trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the

tools except- 07 ° . 1

ed, not ex- whole; and an affidavit of the due service of every such notice, affidnvfi 1°' shah he delivered with every such petition, at the time of present-service dc- ing thereof, and openly read in the court to which any such peti-petition, and tion shall be addressed; and if any such court shall thereupon be rad in court; futisfied of the regularity of every such notice, such petition shall fttisfied, pc be received, and such court shall thereupon, by order or rule of beorderedup *'ame court, cause the prifc.ner or prisoners so petitioning, to on a certain be brought tip to such court on some certain day, in such order or

dav, when v

creditor5 rule to be specified; and the creditor or several creditors at whose

nlonKHoTt" 'suit any such prisoner or prisoners shall Hand charged in execution tend; or mesne process, as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors or ad-rniniflratoifi, to be summoned to appear personally, or by his, her, or their attorney in such court, at feme certain day to be specified Ifcrcdiiors in Such rule or order for that purpose; and if any creditor or credi-an^creihors 'tors an7 ^llc^ prisoner or prisoners, who shall be so summoned, donot.ippuar, his or her executors or administrators shall appear in person, or by and affidavit, 1. J-

of for via:; his, her, or their attorney j or u any such creditor or creditors, n>M caSc *'is’ lier> or ^'c‘r executors or administrators, shall refuse or ne-liimmaril/; glyfl; to appear in person, or by his, her, or their attorney, then, upon affidavit of the due service of such rule or order on him, her, or them, or his, her, or their attorney, if any such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators cannot be met with, such court shall, in a summary way, examine into the matter of every such petition, and hear what can or shall be al-iledged on either fide, for or against the discharge of any such prisoner or prisoners who shall so petition, and upon such examination, every such court is hereby required to administer or tender to the prisoner or prisoners, respectively, who shall so petition, and give such previous notice thereof, as is herein before directed,

an oath to the following efteft, that is to say:

Oath to be ad.inniik’reil to prisoner.

/ A.B. do swear in the presence of Almighty God, that the account by me set forth in my petition, presented to this honosiroble court, doth contain a fall and true account of the real and personal efate, debts, credits, and elseSls -whatsoever, -which I or any person in trufl for me, at the time of my first imprisonment in this aSion, or any time since, had or -was in any respect entitled to, in possession, reverswn or remainder, except the -wearing apparel and bedding of or for me and

3

my

t

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 535

my family, and the tools or instruments of my trade or calling, not A.D. exceeding ten founds in value, in the -whole, and also an account of 1797* bow much of my real and personal c/latcs, debts, and credits, or ^49* elseQs, both ftnee been diffofed of, released, or discharged, and bow, to whom, and on what consideration, and for what furs ofe, and how much thereof, /, or any person or persons in trujlfor me, have, or at the lime of my presenting mysaid petition to this honourable court bad, or which I am, or was, or any person in trust for me, or for my life, in any ways interested in, or entitled to, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy; and also a true account of all deeds, writings, books, papers,securities, bands and notes relating thereto; and where the fame respectively now are, to the bcjl of my knowledge and belief, and what charges are now offering the realejlate lam now seized of, or entitled to, if any such prisoner or prisoners shall be then seized of any real effate; and that I have not at any time before or since my imprisonment, directly or indirectly, fold, leased, assigned, mortgaged, pawned, or otherwise disposed of, or made over, in trust for myfely, or otherwise than is mentioned in such account, any part of my messuages, lands, tenements, estates, goods,flock, money, debts, or other real or personal estate, whereby to have or expeff any benefit, advantage, or profit to myself or my family, or with any view, dc-sign, or intent to deceive, injure, or defraud any of my creditors to -whom I am indebted.

So help me God.

And in case any prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, shall in open W|,cn, pr;_ court take the said oath, such court, in which any such oath, as

% J laid oath,

aforesaid, shall be taken, may then immediately order the melfu- coon may ages, lands, goods, tenements, and e fie its contained in such ac- i'c.'It?/' count, or so much of them as may be sufficient to satisfy the debt or debts wherewith any such prisoner or prisoners shall (land char- creditors ged, in execution or by mesne process, and the fees due to the pr^bnerf warden, marshal, or keeper of the gaol or prison from which any such prisoner was brought, to be, by a short endorsement on the ccs , back of such petition, and to be signed by the prisoner, assigned and conveyed to the creditor or creditors who shall have charged any such prisoner in execution, or by mesne process, if more than one, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, for the benefit of him, her, or them, who shall have lo charged any such prisoner in execution, or by mesne process, subject nevertheless to all prior incumbrances affecting the fame; and the estate, interest or property of all messuages, lands, debts, goods, ellates and effects which shall belong to any such prisoner, shall, by such 6 U 2 alignment

j40 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

assignment and conveyance, as aforesaid, be vested in the perfmi 1797' or persons to whom such alignment and conveyance shall be made, Chap.49. according to the estate. and inrereft- such prisoner or prisoners had fucTcndl^ therein respectively; and the creditor or creditors to whom any

tors may take fuc], assignment and conveyance shall he made, shall and may take potlcllion, ‘'

fur, &c. possession or, and sue in his, her or their name or names for the recovery thereof, in like manner.as assignees of commissioners of bankrupts can or may sue for the recovery of the ellate and effects rtlcsfo! fob- of bankrupts which shall be assigned arid conveyed, to them; and fochTnign- no release of any such prisoner or prisoners, his or her executors

ricms'at . or administrators, or anytnifl.ee for him, or them,-fublcquc-nt to

' ’ such assignment and conveyance,-. shall be pleadable,-or be allowed

in liar of any action or suit. which shall be commenced by any such assign.ee or assignees of any prisoner or prisoners, for the recovery pnifonsridif., of any of his, her, or their estate ot. effefls; and upon every luclt ’ tity m-cu-!." alignment and conveyance: being, executed by any such. prisoner

b-ur’'vf or prisoners, he, she, or they shall be.'discha.rged out of enstody, ciuit-.uW^ by rule or order of such,court-,.which shall be petitioned by any ciJnt son'it" - such prisoner, and such rule or order being-produced to, and a

K Jy "’ copy thereof, being left, with any such sheriff, gaoler, or keeper of charge for any prison, as aforesaid,: Until, he a fufEdent-warrant-to him to , tioned Sn'pe- cVtfetharge every such prisoner or prisoners, if oliarged in -execution Ihey flijii do*1 or nle*1,e process, or detained for the causes mentioned in-his, her, without fee; or their respective petition, and no other; and every such sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, is hereby required on having such order produced to him, and a copy thereof left with him, to discharge, ant! set at liberty forthwith, every such, prisoner or prisoners who shall ;be ordered, as aforesaid, to be so (lifeharged, without-taking any fee, -or detaining him, her or them, in-respect of any demand of any such l, warden, tnarflial, goaler,-or keeper, for, or in respect of chamber-rent, or lodging, or for or in respect of any fees theretofore claimed, or due to any such sheriff, goaler, or ' keeper,.or any employed by, or under him or them; and no such ..sheriff, gaoler, or keeper shall afterwards be liable to-any action of escape, or any suit or information on that account, or for what he atffignersto shall do in pursuance of this ail; and the person or persons to tales and cf- whom the estate and effects of any such prisoner or prisoners Ibai! aHrfv-de^’-b® aligned.and conveyed, shall, with all convenient speed, fell, at.-.-’jtH etc- and dispose of the estates and effefls of every -such prisoner, which charged pri- . shall be so assigned and conveyed, and shall divide the net produce poruoli-tbly" of all such estates and, effefls amongst the creditors of.every such prisoner and prisoners (If more than one) who shall have charged any such prisoner in execution, or by mefuc ju-ocefs, before the

time

The thirly-seventh Year of George III.

satisfletl with the truth of any Inch petitioner’s

54

time of such prisoner’s petition to be ciifchargetl shall have been A.D. presented, rateably, and in proportion to their respective debts; 1797-blit ill case the person or persons at whole suit any prisoner or pri- Chap.49 loners Rood charged in execution, or by tncfnc process, as aforesaid, shall not be

oath, and shall either personally, or by his, her, or their attorney, pyiomr, it lie, fl.e, or they cannot personally attend; and proof shall be ir. made thereof to the satisfaction of any such court, as aforesaid, de-fire further time to inform him, her, or themselves of the matters fi,!l

’ ’_luitficlt, m

contained therein, any such court may remand inch prifor.er or next term, prisoners, and direct; him, her, or them, and the person or pc-r-tons dissatisfied, as aforesaid, with such oath, to appear either in person, or by his or their attorney, on some other day, to be appointed by such said court, feme time, at furthest, within the fil'd week of the term next following the time of such examination, but sooner if any such court shall think fit; and all objeQions cbjrfilonstb which shall be made as to the insufficiency in point of form against against schc-ar.y prisoner’s schedule of his estates and effects, shall be only made the -first time, and such prisoners shall be brought up, and if at such second day which shall be appointed, the creditor or creditors ifwouors dissatisfied with such oath, shall make default in appearing, cither ,cr'any' C° in person, or by his, her, or their attorney, or in case he, flie, or of

i>/’'L-ltate or eU

they shall appear, if he, she, or they shall be unable to discover fc£l‘c"

any-estate or effefls of the prilcner emitted in the account set prifenu ftali

forth in such his or her petition, then, am! in any such case, such court shall, by rule or order thereof, immediately cause the said '"8

* mam, utilcli

paid as hcrciti;

prisoner or prisoners to be discharged, upon such prisoner or pri- feh erect.uir ioners executing such assignment, and conveyance of his or her i’Jnii'cu'iic'-estate and effects, in manner as aflicnmciUs and conveyances of 'a,ml'E Pr.,‘

(itK-ritnviir,

prisoners estates and c-ffeOs are herein before directed to be made, un may rnnless such creditor or creditors, who shall have charged any such cn

prisoner or prisoners in execution, or by niefnc process, as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors or administrators, doth, or do insist upon such prisoner or prisoners being detained in prison, and shall agree by writing, signed with his, her, or their name or names, mark or marks, or under the hand of his, her, or then-attorney, in case any such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators, shall be out of this kingdom, to pay and allow weekly, a Cum. not exceeding two shillings and four pence, as any such court shall think fit, unto the said prisoner to he paid every Monday in every week, so long as any such prisoner shall continue in prison in execution, or under mesne pro-Vo L. XVIII- 6 X cess.

542 The tlirty-jiveiuh Year of George III.

A.D.

ccfj, at the suit of any fisch creditor or creditors, in every loch *797- case, every such prlfor.cr or prisoners shall be remanded back to the prison or gaol from whence he, she, or they was, or were brought up there to continue in execution, or under mesne pro-. ceis; but if any failure Ilia! at any time be made i:t the pay-.snent of the weekly fmn. which shall be ordered by any i'uch court to be paid to any such prisoner, such prisoner, upon application interm-time, to the court where tile licit in which any such pri-: in calc o? loner shall be charged in execution, cr under indue proceb, was '-.vcckiv!«)'- -commenced, or shall have been carried on, or in the priii-.ii of iontr’na'v a- ’'.vhicli court any. i'uch prisoner Hud! lhiud committed on any !:.:bc.u jifcl.air.aoa corpus, or in vacation time, tc any jutb-: of any fuel; court, may, by order cf any such court, or judge, lx discharged our of tultody . on every- such execution or mef.ie procols, proof being made before such. court or'judge, on oath, of the non-payment for any week of the hum cf money ordered, and agreed to be weekly paid; hut every such priiuner and prisoners before Ire, ll.c, or they Ih.'ll rtu be lb discharged.out of custody, by any-ruth rule or order, limit

jmlga;

Sr

b.-icrj£'J- execute.an aliigr.mco: and conveyance of his, her,-or their chare

and tffcfls, ip. manner herein before directed, and if any such pri-(ulion.r; tt!,o (oner, who fluff! petition or apply for his, or her discharge under this act, shall rchife to take the said oath herein before directed tc be taken, or taking the fame, shall afterwards be dtteftedbefore any inch court or judge of iaifity therein, or shall restife to execute such afllgnmcEt, am! conveyance of his or her estates and effect-', as aforesaid, as herein before is required to be made by him, her, or them respectively, lie, flie, cr they shall be presently remanded, and continue in execution, or under mesne process, as aforesaid.

where

II. Provided always, That where mire -creditors than wx crediior one shall charge any prisoner or prisoners, in execution

desires 10 . or untjer mesne process, and shall desire to have such pri-have a pri- ' 1 1

lorurdetain- -foner or prisoners detained in prison, each and every such pay on'y creditor and creditors shall, only, respectively pay such i'cekf’oi weekly Aim of money, not exceeding one shilling and two-rtftedby' pence each a week, on every Monday in every such week, coer:. to or.for.such respective prisoner, as the court before whom any such prisoner shall be brought to be discharged, shall at the time of his, her, or their being remanded, on such note, for payment ,of the weekly sum ordered to be paid being given direct or appoint.

The thirtj-Je-vsnib Year of George 'III. 543

III. Provided also, That from and after the said first day D-of Jane, one thous.ind seven hundred and ninety-seven, where any prisoner or prisoners shall be charged in cxeeu- ,—_/

tion, or under mesne process, in any county g.ioi, or other ‘""J'1 "aol or prison, except within the county or city, or county of the city of Dublin, then upon petition being nude lay i>.' jv>-

any such prisoner or prisoners to the court from whence any , vf,'. fuel) execution or mesne process against any such prifcuci nr prisoners iftucd, or in the prison of whiali court any fecit ptifoner shall be imprisoned, in the like form and manner as the petitions herein before mentioned are directed to be made; and on an affidavit of the purport as affidavits arc herein before directed to be made, in the case of prisoners ciaStra-ii confined in the Four-courts Marshalsea, or in any other pri- - Tr.,.if Ion in the county, city, or county of the city of Dublin, ^‘f^rder'" being made and left with such petition, such court, on being satisfied with the truth of such affidavit, is hereby au- n:« aiT:.-..',i thorized and required to make a rule or order to catife the prisoner or prisoners so peftioning to be 'brought to the next assizes which shall be holden for the county or place

where he, she, or they shall be imprisoned, and the ex- <"r'"nr? pv.!

' 1 jo g:n»'rr cut

pence of bringing every such prisoner to any such assizes, of'prifciim not exceeding one shilling a mile, shall be paid to the fcsicient, if keeper, or gaoler, cr officer who shall bring any such pri- 'r"r,fr.Cr,"a‘, foner to any such assizes, in obedience to any such rule or .^.y1, order as aforesaid served on him out of every such pri ton- so cr’s estate or effects, if the same shall be ftifiicient to pay ‘ such expence, and if not, th.cn such expence (k.'.ll bo paid by the treasurer of the county or city in which any such prisoner shall be imgrifnncd, as the same shall be directed or ordered by any judge before whom such prifor.er may be brought; and the grand jury of such county, or county of a city, is hereby empowered and required to present the

amount thereof, and the creditor or Icvcral creditors, his, ,.

’ 1 7 ers iuort

her, or their executors or administrators, at whole suit any y1"'"1 '

luti'inotte 1 !'>

such prisoner or prisoners shall Hand committed, as afore- i/wraie said, shall, by rule or order of the comt Irom whence the process iffned, be summoned to appear at the said next assizes, if such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators can be met with, and if not, then the attorney, if living, last employed for such creditor nr credi-6X2 ’ tors.

- such orders fervej on

creditors or attornies,' 10 days before . nflizes-j on affidavit of service, judges of assize shall

544 The thirly-sevent h Year of George III.

A.D.

tors, shall be summoned to appear there; and a copy of 1797- every such rule or order.shall be served on every such credi-Oiap. 49. lor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administra-copicsof 'tors, or be left at his, her, or their dwelling-house, or usual

place of abode, or with his, her, or their attorney, if living, who was last employed, as aforesaid, ten days at lead before the holding of any such afTizes; and on the affidavit of such service: thereof being laid before the judge or judges of assize, on being satisfied with the truth of such. affidavit, is and are hereby required to appoint a time for lor hearing/ bearing the matter of every such petition as aforesaid, or upon appear-.some-certain day andtime during such assizes; and upon Clearance 'the-appearance there of the creditor or creditors, who shall be

of creditors, summoned in pursuance of this act, his, her, or their.exccu-and proof ot

nou:fj_Jrc. tors, or ndministrators, or in default of the appearance, either jad^» may in person, or by attorney of the party or parties'who shall mani-'ai'b!'- have been summoned To to appear, then on proof of his, her, 'lj'c or their;being duly served with the notice hereby required to

be given,-and a copy of the account of the real and personal efjatc of the prisoner or prisoners defiling to be discharged, being comprized in such notice, and also of the rule of the court for his, her, or their appearance at such assizes, 'having been-'duly served as herein before is directed, the judge or judges of such assizes respectively, shall there

in a summary way examine into the matter df every such petition, and hear what can or shall be alledged on either fide, for or against the discharge of the prisoner or prisoners

Pet,tion'ng> an(l upon every such examination, such niller the judge and judges of assize respectively, or any one of them diu-fled,. 10 is, and are hereby-empowered and required, respectively, piUo.cnaod within their respective jurisdictions, to administer or tender to make or- to every such prisoner, the fame oath as herein before is

«cr$, and

pioceed as directed and appointed to be ttfken'by any prisoner, before 'otJw.Ic'?1'’ the judges of the court out of which the process upon Jmadclld’-which any such prisoner was taiken issued, and such said ^bstraTr' judge or judges of assize, respectively, or any one of them, niued and jSl and are hereby respectively authorized and required to rc, -,hof° make such order in the premises, as to him or them shall court.-. fy-em meet, and to proceed in the same manner concerning

the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners in any prison 3 within

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

within their respective jurisdictions, and to give the fame judgment, relief, and directions relating thereto, as any court, out of which any process shall issue against any such prisoner as aforesaid, is herein before empowered and directed to do; and every order which Until he made in the premises by any such judge or judges of assize, shall be as valid and cficflual as if the fame had been made in the court out of which the process issued, on which any such prisoner was committed to prison; and the same shall be made a record of the proceedings at such assizes, and a copy thereof dial I from thence be Iransmitted to the court from whence the mefnc process, or execution, against the prisoner or prison ers dischnvged issued, or was awarded, signed by the said judges of assize, to be a record of the said court, and to be kept as such, amongst the other records thereof.

CHAP. L.

An Act for further extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty Jccond Tears cf His Majestys keign, Entitled, An Act for efabUJhing a Bank, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act of Parliament passed in Subscribtrs the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for efabliflAing a bank, by the name of the O 3 were governor and company of the bank cf Ireland, the sum of fix hun- incorP°rMi:‘1-dred thousand pounds was subscribed and paid by debentures, if. hied from his Majesty's treafisry, and the persons who subscribed and paid the fame, were by letters patent under the great seal of tltis kingdom, incorporated by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland: and whereas by another act passed Pv 31 0 3. in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act to extend the provisions of an aS pajfai in the twenty fnfi and twenty-jcceind years of his Majestys reign, entitled, An Act for eJlaUishing exatc tl.c a bank by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Jre- milton: land, it is enacted, That the said governor and company might receive subscriptions for enlarging their aforesaid capital (lock, or fund, of six hundred thousand pounds, in any sum not exceeding the further sum of four hundred thousand pounds, so as to make Vox. XVIII. 6 Y their

545 A.D.

i7<yr.

tlis capital hock. of the bark may be increas.-d to i 1500.000l. provided the subscriptions arc paid before 17 Feb. 1798, viz.

percent.

00 17 M iy, .*797*

to per cent, on 17 June;

1 5 per cent on 17 July; 10 per cent, on 17 Aug. 18 Sept. 17 Oft. 17 Nov. iS Dee »7 Jan. 1798, & J7FC0.179?.

Subfenbers shall be meni; bers of corporation.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

their whole capita! (lock the sum of one million of pounds: and whereas the-faiil-further sum-of four hundred thousand pounds, was accordingly subscribed and paid; and whereas it will further promote the extension of public credit, if the capital stock of the find hank were encrcafsd by the addition of a further sum, net exceeding five hundred thousand pounds; be it cna-fleJ by the fling's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-set’.t -of the lords spiritual and tempore], and-.cnmmons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of ti.e fame, That it shall and may he lawful for the said governor and.conip.i-ny, and they are hereby authorized and empowered so soon as they Hull think proper, to receive subscriptions from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their capita! flock, or fund, of one million of pounds, in any sum not exceeding the further’ sum of five hundred tlum-sand pounds capital stock, so as to make the whole- capital' fiack the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, provided the whole thereof shall bc.subscribed anil paid, on or before the fe-vcnteenth day of February, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by fuel: inflalments as are herein after mentioned, that is to say, five pounds per centum, on or before the sevenieemh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and-ninety-seven; ten pounds-per centum, on the cventeenth day of June, following; fifteen pounds per,cent:in:, on the seventeenth day of July, following; ten pounds per centum, on the seventeenth day-of-August, following; a like payment on the eighteenth day of September, following; a like payment on the seventetnth day of October, following; a like payment on the fiventeenth day of November, following; a-like payment on the eighteenth day of December; following, a dike payment on the seventeenth day of January, following; and a like payment - on the seventeenth day -of February, following; and the capital stock subscribed and paid for, shall, from and after the time of such payment, he deemed and taken as and for a part of the capital (lock of the said corporation; and the subscribers thereto, from and after- the time of making- full payment for such additional stock,-and their r-cfpeflive executors, a-.l-ministrators and assigns, shall at all times he members of the said corporation, and incorporated therein, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy, all benefits, privileges and advantages, and immunities, and he subject and liable to ail regulations, rules and orders, to which the present (lock-holders and members of the y.\ld corporation, -in respect of the flock held by, and belonging to

than

Add t'cnul dock shall be iransiciable.

Dividends to be oabl to propiietors of additional /lock, as to holders of prefeni dock; Ul dividend to commence from time specified in proposals.

Preference in fibferibing to be ^iven to luUmcf bank dock.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 547

them, arc respectively entitled, subject and liable unto by the said A.D. ad ol Parliament and charter, or by any bye-law of the said cor- '7Q7-poration, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional flock Chap^jO. Hull be transferable and assignable in like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof, shall hold their respective shares of the said additional (lock, in like manner as the respective (lock-holders of the said corporation now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective sums belonging to them in the prefciit capital (loci; of the said corporation, and the lame Hull itl all rc-fpcils be consolidated and united as one joint stock.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation flrtiU and may, from time to time, nuke and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the said additional flock, as they shall make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present flock of the said corporation; the first of which dividends flrall commence from such time as shall be specified in the proposals, or terms to be offered for such'subscription by the said court of directors.

III. Provided always, That the said court of diredot-s shall, and they are hereby required to give the option 2ttd preference in fub-scribing-for the said additional flock, to such persons as shall hold the Hock of the said bank, at the time or times of such fub-feriptionas aforesaid, so far as, and not exceeding upon the whole of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, the amount of fifty pounds per centum on the said capital ftcck-cf one million of pounds, which shall be then held by each flock-holder so subscribing, and in the fame proportion for any sum less than the said film of five hundredthousand pounds, which may from time to time he subscribed for and paid; and all executors, administrators, guardians and trustees, shall be indemnified In making such subseripti- |ucJr-u3ns 011s and payments.

IV. Provided allb, and be it enacted, That in case any person after having subscribed, shall fail to make any of the payments agreed at the respective times appointed for making such payments, then and in every such case, all deposites and payments made by fitch defaulters, previous to such default, shall be forfeited to, and become the properly of the said corporation; and in case all the proprietors of the said capital stock of one million cf pounds, shall not subscribe for their respective proportions of the fail sum of five hundred thousand pounds, then such deficiency (half be dispofid of to such other persons as shall be willing-to'subscribe for the fame, in fitch proportions as aforesaid; and in case any proprietor or proprietors shall refui'e -or neglect to subscribe and pay his, her, or

-6 Y 2 their

Executr.rs,

indemnified.

Pci fotts who fr.il to j»jk? payments lltn‘1 forfeit their drpuJiies.

Jflbck-

holULTS do

net iubferihe fci the 5'.oo‘oi. the iMi-.i. wry

Ml' i!if-

phld! A to

cf/:vrs.

548 The thirty--Jcventh Year of George III.

A.D.

their share of the monies ib to be paid at the time or times afore-1797" aiu' may he lawful for the governor and company of

Chap 50. *hc bank of Ireland, am! their successors, not only to stop the share u-'-v"—'. or dividend of the funds, Hocks, or profits of the said company, do M!*psiy0IS which-shall from time to time become payable to inch member or ^fori X mclnhers so neglecting or refilling, and to apply the lame from time fa-.l, the i;a- to time, for or towards payment of the (bare of the money so call-cmnpjryiiiay cd for, and which ought to have been paid by such member or viSnli-'V'of nieinbers so neglecting or refusing, until the same shall be satisfied, th‘-,'rjjn5(i-r<-f but also to stop the transfers or alignments of the-share of every srd ch.irie’5 such defaulter, and to charge every such defaulter with an interest rerett^and "if t*'e rate of flve pounds yirv centum per annum, for the monies principal awl so by him, her, or them, omitted to be paid, from the time the paid in 3 fame were appointed to he paid, and the interest: thereof; and in case the principal and imereft fl.all he unpaid by the space of three flock. months, then the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall have power to fell so much of the flock, of every such defaulter, as shall lalisfy and pay the same, rendering the overplus to the proprietor, if any lie.

When the V. And. lie it enacted, Tint from the time the said sum of live

pQj is "

paid in, cor- hundred thousand pounds shall he subscribed ar,d paid in, the said bOTrownnto.y corporation may borrow, or give lccurity for any- sum or sums, "c>’* f° ( so that they shall not owe at any one time, more than a sum owe more equal to the said fun of one million five hundred thousand i,joo,ooooi. p011l!(]Sj anything in the fr.id aft-contained to the contrary not-

Bank 10 pay subseripuons into cxche* -quer, ns a loan, in part of

1*385>®9®h

withstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall immediately after receiving the subserip-tions to the said l’nra of five hundred thousand pounds, pay the same into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, as a loan to his Majesty, as part of the sum of three million three hundred and ninety-five thousand six hundred and ninety-six pounds, authorized to he borrowed towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty, for the service of-ilie year one thousand seven hundred.and ninety-

seven.

ijacol. a

VII. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid, and payable ea?d to'ihs at the rcce'Pt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the governor and tcr'lt’ half" COI11Plny of I*"3 bank of Ireland, out of the duties and funds, appro-yearly priated for the payment of the interest of monies, raised in ptiffuance of any act or acts of Parliament, for the use of his Majesty's government, an interest or annuity of twenty-live thousand pounds, being a futn equal to the amount of the whole interest of the

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 549

the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, at the rate of five A D. pounds per centum per annum, which sum shall be paid by two 1 797-equal half-yearly payments, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, without any defalcation or abatement, the first; it pa,now payment of the said annuity, or interest, to be made on the twen- 2j ty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred'and ninety-seven, after the whole of the said (um of five hundred thousand pounds shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and also, that there shall be paid, and payable to the said a'fomjn. governor and company, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, out of the said duties, and fund, a nirtnei annuity of three pounds 3b twelve shillings and six pence, for every one hundred pounds of the said sum of five hundred, thousand pounds, which shall be lo paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, such annuity to continue for nineteen years, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to he paid by naif-yearly payments, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December.

VIII. And be it enacted, That so soon as-the said sum of five Applicnior hundred thousand pounds shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, the same shall be applied in the discharge of the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, for which a treasury bill, or treasury bills, payable on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, hath, or have been issued; and also in difuiarge of the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, for -which another treasury bill, or other treasury bills, hath, or have been issued, payable on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and also towards discharge of the sum of fifty thousand pounds, part </ a film of one hundred and thirty thousand pounds, for which tr..;!ury bill , payable on the said twenty-fifth day of December, have bee., blued, and which several hills are now in the poffdlion of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and that on payment of the said sum 01 five hundred thousand pounds into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on or before tlm laid twenty-fourth diy of June, to be applied as aforesaid the fab! governor and company 1' ill be paid at the receipt of his 2l. Ic, Majesty's exchequer, a tUlcnunl 01 tvo pounds ten shillings per centum, f:r prompt payment on the said lum oi five hundred thou- fur prompt sand pounds, an d all interest on the said treasury hills hereby dl-reeled to he paid :uf, find! cea'c from the said twenty-fourth day treasury bills of June, and fl:.h treasury bills shall be delivered to the proper of- pid'1"'; mau' ficers of his Majesty's treasury to be caurcelled. "Ti

J J ami the tnnll

IX. And be cancelled.

550 The thirly-J,eventh Year of George III.

A.D.

IX. And whereas by an act passed in the last session of Parlia-'797’ ment, entitled, An Act for fecining the payment of the annuities, Chap. 50. anj 0y ii)C interefi upon the principal fans therein provided for, and By 3$ g. 3. towards the discharge of fitch principalfums, in fitch manner as there-yeuiy long ln ’s directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty s Ircaftry to 4i re: cm. receive certain sums for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, was ordered tmd Jor granting unto his Majesty, a certain fnn of money out of the ba!l- m'lic'o mfolidaled fund, and for applying a certain fnn of money therein of -2+.ocol. mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand fevcti hundred and ninety-six, and for other purposes.- it is enacted, that the yearly sum of twenty Ave thousand five hundred pounds, being a sum equal to the interest at the fate of four pounds five shillings per . centum per annum, on the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds subscribed, pursuant to the said act. palfed in the twenty-first and twenty-fccondyears of his Majesty's reign,ingovernment debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum,

should be regularly paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, by half-yearly payments, in lieu of the annuity of . twenty-dour thouliind pounds, appointed to be paid to the said governor and company by the said last mentioned act. is renfon- X. And whereas it is reasonable in consideration of the payment (annuity equal into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the use of the go-on lidr CCnt' '’eminent, of the said Ann'of five hundred thousand pounds, so to Cco.ooooi, be added to the capital fiock of the said governor and company, as

JliQuld b<* r 1 ° n 1 4

paid to the arorciaul, that an annuity equal to the interest of the said sum of b3n," six hundred thousand pounds, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, fltonld be paid to the said governor and company, in lieu of the said annuity of twenty-five thousand five hun-year MUjc (ire(I P0U,1(IS > be it enacted, That the yearly sum of, thirty thou- pid as intc- sand pounds, being a Ami of thirty thousand pounds, being a sum 6:o,ccol. at equal to the interest of the said Aim of six hundred thousand 5 per cent. p0lIn(]S) :\t t;le rate of f,ve pounds per centum per annum, commencing from the said twenty-fourth, day of June; shall he regularly paid to the said governor and company of the hank of Ireland, by half-yearly payments, in lieu of the said former-successive annuities of twenty-four thousand pounds, and twenty-five thou-.. sand five hundred pounds, in the same manner as the said former - annuities, or either of them, were directed to be paid.

If the com- XI- Provided always, and be- it enacted, That in case the said ffived'frht company lb®! be dissolved, pursuant to the said act:,-passed in the principal thirty-first year of ills Majesty's reign, not only the said sum of rears ef an- Ax hundred thousand pounds shall he repaid by Parliament to the

miims limit , r

be pniJ by "

VarlUment.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 551

said governor and company in debentures, pursuant to the said A.D. acts, bat also, the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds shall 1797. be paid to the said governor and company in money; together with all arrears of the said several annuities of thirty thousand pounds, twenty-live thnnfind pounds, and three pounds twelve shillings and six pence, for every one hundred pounds of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds.

CHAP. LI.

An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited Time, the Re-Jlri3ions contained in the Minnie of Council of the Second Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninely-seven, on Payments in Cash by the Bank.

"O' WHEREAS I-Iis excellency the lord lieutenant of this kingdom,

' and his Majesty's privy council, by minute of council made on the second day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, declared it to be their unanimous opinion, that the directors of the hank of Ireland, should forbear issuing any cadi in payment-until the sense of parliament should be taken on that subject, and it was ordered, that a copy of the said minute Should he transmitted to- the directors of the bank of Ireland, and they were thereby required on the grounds of the emergency of the case flated in the said minute to conform thereto -until the sense of parliament should be taken, as aforesaid: And whereas in pursuance of the said minute, the said governor and company of the hank of Ireland, have fmee the said second day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, forborn to issue calli in payments, except for purposes for which the issue of c.tfli was deemed unavoidable, and it is necessary that the restriction coin,lined' in the said minute, although not warranted by law should he confirmed, and should be continued for a limited time, by ihe authority of parliament, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all acts done by the said governor and company of the hank of Ireland, or by their order or dircdioii in pursuance of the said minute of council shall he, and die lame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and that all and every person and persons who have or hath been concerned in doing any Inch acts, 6 7i a '

Djchraiiofi

of lor J lieut. ar.J council on 2J Mar.

W

The haul: has -..>t iiVucii

(*«.'( i -’CC

fimi 1..iv, c/ci-in fvr 1111.. -ii!-.l>!c

iwrftfis;

ffliofil.c

in pir- ftnncc ol Lid miu:tcof cuu (.:! arc hicby :iti-

Sol. per-

J. iv. ii-dcaini* hat.

or

JhnJc not to iiloc cash, ocjt-pt as Ik, otter.

governor and comita-iy Hull rot be compelled, during rclt iction, to pay notes, fur Which they are willing i ... vi; n tc ot equal amount on demand.

application »; court to ay pjocced- gs, in enfe (, /a^ion, &c.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

or any matter or thing relating thereto shall be, and are and Is hereby laved harmlel's, indemnified and discharged, in respect thereof, as well against the King’s Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against ail and every other persons and person, and all suits and proceedings whatsoever touching or concerning any matter discharged by this act, shall be, and the same are hereby made void and of no effect to alt intents and purposes, any Lav, statute, or ulage to the contrary notwithstandhig.

U. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said governor and company to issue any cadi in payment of any debt or demand whatsoever, except according, to the provisions herein after contained, and that during the continuance of the rcilriftiou hereby imposed on payments by the said gover-, nor and company in calli, no action ;or suit shall he prosecuted or hrouglit against the said governor and company, to compel payment of any note of the said. governor and company expressed to be payable on demand, or to compel payment of any note of the said governor and company made payable otherwil’e than on demand, which the said governor and company shall be willing to exchange for any note or notes of equal amount, expressed to he payable on demand, or to compel payment of any sum whatsoever by the said governor and company, which the said governor and company thalLbe willing to pay in notes of the said governor and company, expressed to, he payable on demand, and it shall h.c lawful for the said governor and company during the continuance of the restriction aforesaid, on payments in cafn to apply to the court whet cm any action orfuit shall be brought or shall be depending against the said governor and company to'Hay proceedings therein in a summary way, and in case such action or suit shall be brought to compel pavinent of any note or notes oi the said governor and company made payable on demand, it ‘hah he lawful for the said governor and company to apply to the said court, to flay all proceedings in such. action or suit until the exni-.ration of the time herein alter Unfitted for the continuance of inch restriction, as aforesaid, and such court shall Hay all proceedings accordingly, and in like manner, it shall be lawful for the said governor and, company to apply to.any court in which any action or suit shall he brought, or depending, for the purpose of compelling payment by the said governor and.company payable otherwise than on demand, or of any ether debt or demand whatsoever, to (lay all proceedings against the said governor and company, in such action or suit, on payment of such sum of money as shall appear

to

The thlriy-fevsnih Year of George III. 553

lobe just.lv due, or which might be recovered in such aflton or h. 1). suit, by delivery of notes of the said gcverr.rv and company for the 1797.

amount thereof expressed to be payable on demand, if the party or Chap. 5 1. parties to whom ludi money lb.:'l! appear to be due, shall be willing to accept payment titered" in l.r-’i notes, and thereupon Inch v.;y-court shall order id! proceedings to be Hayed according:", but if the pud.'-.,’’ party or parties entitled to any Inch money, shall refuse to accept payment thereof, by dellverv of ftieh notes of the said governor 'ey:'; and company expressed to he payable on demand, as aforesaid, the ...c

laid court shall order ail proceedings again'!. the said governor and '’'a?

company in such action or suit, to be flayed until t tie expiration i:1;! *,.;!«-of the time herein after limited, for the continuance ol inch restrio-tionon payments in calli, as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That if it shall appear to fitch court to be necessary for the purpose of ascertaining the amount cf any demand on the said governor and company, or rtherwife for the fur-tlicrance of justice, that any proceedings should be had for any pi on,.it m-fitch purpose, it shall he lawful for the said court to permit pro- x:.v ic.; i.i.c ccedings to be had in any iiteh action or suit, for such necessary purpose only, or to aleertain the amount of such demand in a summary way, as the nature of the particular case may require, and as shall be confident with the restriction on payments in calli hereby imposed.

IV. Provided also, That no cods shall be recovered against the i’-Ul governor and company in any action o r suit, which during the ecu- 5iiifr, conli tinuance of the restriction aforesaid, shall be brought or prosecuted for the purpose of compelling payment by the said governor and nrcciTary is

!f conttt tii t.f.*- i’oc.M*. s.ir;.’, i: m\v

cebt

company, of any debt or demand, unless the court wherein the 0rwls. fame shall be brought or prosecuted,_shall be of opinion that the fame was necessary for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of such debt or demand, or the title thereto, and in such case such court' may direct the payment of such costs by the said governor and company in their notes, expressed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties entitled to such costs shall be willing to accept such notes, and if such party or parties shall refuse to accept fuV lo rccc’W: such notes, then such court shall day all proceedings to compel payment cf such costs, until after the expiration of the restriction on payments by the said governor and company in cash herein

contained.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, Tint nothing in this act contained, shall extend to redrain the fliid governor and yoUcr aoi. company from issuing any sum of money less than twenty fliil- " lings in cash, in payment of any debt or demand not amounting to Vox. XVIII. 7 A twenty

554

A.D.

>797-C!)r.p. 5!

e.w.icil, ivaicii iln!I be 1 ii.i b.-foi e j'jrli un.'rtt uitliiii 3 dayj, ,\c.

Bank ni iy receive ca'ii, (notltrfs tli.m

i ji.) Silil

VLct^u y

V4^’w :u i.l be cv-pr.'lIvJ in en-j;r."cincms.

F.tvnu’tvs uJe by t!ie ark in n demand, ern£ the ciirii’uon,

l ill be deem-d payments

i C.ilh.

Persons who ester b.mk of Ireland notes in payment. lh;.il not be held to special bail, during the uicric-

siti\

The thlrty-sevenlb Year of George III.

twenty shillings, or in payment of so much of any larger debt or demand, as shall be a fractional part of twenty shillings, over ami above the residue of such debt or demand; or front hilling and film of money in cash, for the services of the army, navy, or ordnance, in purhnnee of an order of his Majesi.y’s privy council, Rating the special purpose for which such order (lnill he required, and the necessity of the fame, all which orders of council iliail be laid before both honfes of parliament, within three days after the date of eich Inch order, if parliament shall he then fating, and if not, then within three days after the fitting of parliament.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacteil, That during the continuance of the restriction by this act imposed on payments by the said governor and company in.cash, it shall be lawful for the said governor and company, to accept from any person or person's, any Aim or Anns of money in cash, not being less than fifty pounds, in exchange for notes of the said governor and company, of equal amount, upon an engagement from the said governor and company, to pay to Inch person or persons during the continuance of such rcHriftion, cash in exchange, for any note or notes of the said governor and company, payable on demand to fitch an amount, not exceeding in the whole three-fourths of the Ann of money which shall have been so paid by such person or persons, to the said governor and company in cash, and in Inch proportions, and at fitch intervals, its shall he exprdfed in such engagement; and it shall lie lawful lor the said governor and company to pay in cash, such Aim and films of money, as shall he required to he so paid, according to the terms of iitcli engagement, to the amount, in the proportions, at tile times, and in manner therein to be expressed, ;lny thing tit this act contained to the contrary notwithstand. ing.

VII. And be it enacted, That all payments in notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, which have been made since the said iccond day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the rellriClion on paymcncs, by the said governor and company in calli, herein contained, shall be deemed payments in cash, if made and accepted as such, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That during the continuance of the rcllriftion on payments by the said governor and company in calli, no person shall be held to special bail, upon any process issuing out of any court, upon which such person, before the passing of this act, might lie held to special bail, unless it shall appear by affidavit,

that

555

A.D.

T7y7-Chap. tr

of'lui.n

HOtt.*' t'J ['tt

tk-jVikul

{Ihi vhirty-fe-venth Year of George III.

that no offer hath been mule to pay in notes of the fail! governor an 1 compart'.’, expressfed to be payable on demand, (fractional parts of the fmn of twenty shillings only excepted), the sum of money for which specia! bail is required; and if any process thill he iH'tied against any person, upon which such person might have been held to special bail, before the parting of this a it, and affidavit lltall not be made, that such offer of payment as aforesaid, had been made, such person shall not be arrested on fitch process, but proceedings shall be had against such person, in the same manner, as in any cad-in which special bail cannot be required.

IX. Provided always, That in any case in which any person Upon rati, might have been held to special bail, upon any process, before the passing of this act, if it shall-appear by allidavit, that such offer of h"1 Jp’1 payment has been made as aforesaid, Co that the person or persons jo jicl.c, who might have been arrested and held to special bail upon such process, if this act had not been made, cannot by reason ol Inch offer, and of the provisions in this act contained, be so arrested and held to special bail, it shall be lawful for the court out of which such process shall issue, or for any judge of such court in a luminary way, to-order the defendant or defendants in the action in which such process shall issue, and who might have been so held to special bail as aforesaid, if this act had not been made, to catife notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, to the amount of the sum of money for which Inch person or persons might have been so held to special bail, if this act had not been made, to be deposited in such manner, as such court, or such judge shall direct, to answer the demands of the plaintiff’ or plaintiffs in such action; and if such depositc shall ami it sot.I.-, not be made within the time limited by such order, after such no- reeled! facii tice thereof, as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lav,-. "'y ful upon affidavit duly made and filed, that such deposit has no-been made according to such order, to arrest such defendant or defendants, and hold him, her, or them, to special bail, in such and the same manner, as if this act had not been made.

X. And be it enacted, That this act shall be in force, and have continuance, so far as the fame restrains the govern pany of the bank of Ireland from issuing caffi in p " three months after the restriction imposed by an act ment of Great Britain, on the governor and comps. ' of England, from issuing calli in payments shall cr.'l lord lieutenant and privy council of this kingdom lhaij by an or-lu-m. ona

- \ - , < Hindi.

7 A 2 det

RCilrifiici,

com-

T.entS, until months alter re!lri£tfon on

tllC pariia-lunkofling-

-f the bank , unless the ort,\r{\J

tt; bylu.’ci

556 T/h ihirly-sevenih Year of George III.

D. D. tier of council, direct that the hid jctlriftion on the governor and i 797- company of the bank of Ireland, shall fconer ccafe.

CHAP. LII.

An Act for regulating the Import, I'.xport, and Sale f Cf fee, and feenring the Duties payable thereupon.

fM:ei may b; xwrtf-ilnttled Oil pijin»;3%.6! per cm. a nil speurin

5 io remain-tUr ofdmy l;v Ih.hlat i; I'.ioiu’as;

coffee fold for (ionic-conliimpnon may be delivered on payment of duty j

duty on coffee exported uithin $ yen's shall be drawn back.

’If continues more than 15 Months in warc-house, it may be sold for duty, after fourteen days notice to importer;

IrpOR the better securing the duty upon coffee, to he confirmed L in this kingdom, and to the intent that the fame may not be too burthensome on the importers of such coffee as shall he c>:-poited to parts beyond the seas: be it enacted by the King’s mofi. excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ami commons in tills present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Tint all such coffee as shall he imported into tills kingdom, upon entry thereof, at the custom-house, and paying down in ready money net, without any discounl or allowance whatsoever, a sum after the rate of three shillings and six-pence for every one hundred weight thereof, and securing the remainder of the duty on the importation thereof by-bond, payable to his Majesty at the end of fifteen months from the date of such hand, shall be forthwith carried or put into the King’s warc-house, and the importer or importers thereof shall have power to garble and separate such coffee in such ware-houses, to> make it merchantable, and the coffee so .'brought into such ware-houses, shall not be taken or carried out from thence upon any account whatsoever, other than as is herein mentioned, that is to say, such of the find coffee as shall be fold, to be confirmed in this kingdom, shall be delivered out of such ware-house or ware-houses, upon payment of the duty secured thereon by the importer or importers, as aforesaid, and for such of the said coffee as shall lie exported within three years after import, the duty of three shillings and six-pence per hundred so paid upon import, shall be fully drawn back, and allowance shall be made upon the bond entered into for the payment of the remaining duties, for the duty of such quantity exported.

II. And be it enacted, That if the importer or importers of such coffee as shall be so lodged in ware-houses, as aforesaid, shall not within the space of fifteen months by payment of the said duties so secured or by debentures, upon exportation of said coffee, discharge . his or their obligations, but that the coffee, or any part thereof, shall be, continue, and be still remaining in the said ware-houses J for

The thirty-fventh Year of George III. 557

for want of payment of any of the (Jutie6 due thereon, it shall be A.D. lawful for the commissioners or principal officers of the revenue at 1797-the respective ports, to cattle the said coll’ec so remaining; to be publickly sold by inch of candle, first giving the importer or importers thereof fourteen days notice in writing of such intended sale personally, or by leaving such notice at the place of such importer’s lad abode, the product thereof after such sale, first to be applied to the payment of the said security, Storage, and all other charges which may have incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be '* rendered and paid to the importer, or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

III. And be it enacted, That all coffee in any package, con- P;.c|:lgbt tabling less than one hundred and twelve pounds weight, shall be seized and forfeited, if found on board any ffiip, veltsl, or boat, ff

in any port or harbour of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the ffiore thereof, -or shall be discovered so to have been, although bulk shall not appear to have been broken, or any of the said coffee »/ which no-

1 , r.cc Dull be

run, or attempted to have been run out or such liup, veuel, or boat, given m col-

lave only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity-and distress the mailer, purler, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or ‘vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in arty hay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer resident at the nearest port where such ship or vessel shall arrive.

IV. And be it enacted, That no perloa (hill fall by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, except as an importer thereof, and except f uch persons as shall have been licensed to fell tea or groceries,

without having taken out a license from the collector of the district in which such person shall reside, and for which license a fee of two shillings and no more shall be paid, over and above any duty payable thereon; and if any such person shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, as aforesaid, without having taken out any such license, as aforesaid, he or ffie shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That every collector who shall grant a iher.fe to any person to deal in, or fell coffee by retail, or fell tea or groceries, shall at the time of granting such license, give to the person obtaining the fame, a certificate thereof, which certificate shall at every time the person or persons so licensed shall purchase any coffee from any importer of coffee, be produced to such importer,

Vcl. XVIII.: 13 who

»\* pc L.r. iinpOlUTi licoafed £:> ct- i to deal io coiT-c HJth.ot li-cc-.lV, for uhit!i 2«. anti duty frail be penalty

vl.

O-Iicfto rs to give cerifc ficatts with iicvnffj,

which Ibail be

cndorfed by importers when I hey fell to retailer*, as lurch: ui-tccitU i

55 8 ¥L'e thirty-sevent-h 'Tear ^' George TIL

A. , D. who shall cndorfe on the back of such certificate the number of

1797- packages, and the nmmber of pounds in each package, the place

where, and the time when, and the name of the.ship in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty payable on the

import thereof was paid, and the name of the person to whom the

-certificates fame shall be1 fold, and thetime of such fide; and such importer or

mcn*iobe h's known clerk-shall sign fitch endorsement, and such.certificate

produced to with such endorsement shall he produced to the proper officer for

permit oft-

cers, \v.lio granting permits, before such officer shall grant a permit for fuel:

therefrrasa- cofree, and such officer shall at the time of granting every such per-

redted.; mit, specify in such endorsement the date and number of the per-

mit, and the place’where the same shall be granted, and digit his

every tran". name-thereto: and, on everytransfer of such coffee, the like requi-

'fer- sites.stir.il he performed as are directed upon the fir It file by the im-

Certihcutes , and (mdcirfr-iiictus to lie returned tvirhin.ro daysnfier 05 March, to collectors, penalty tool.

if payers he filled up before :y March, col-lcdlors lltall give nett, certificates;

porter.; and every such dealer in coffee, shall -on every tv.'enty-filth-day of Ware!:, or within ten days after, Teturntothe.collcdov of the ciillri&in which lie shall relide, such certificate, 'together with a! endorsements made thereon, or in default thereof, shall forfeit the -sum -of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which, fuel’, certificate -shall he granted, -shall'before any twenty-lilih day of March, be filled up by the endorsements herein directed to be trade thereon, every inch collector shall upon-such dealer, as aforesaid, delivering up to him fitch certificate so by him granted, with such endorsements thereon, grant unto such.dealer a new certificate on which such account ofall.coffee to be thereafter purchased by him, until the twenty-fifth day of March following, shall be and mtorf- cndorfed, as aforesaid; and every such coiledtor shall upon receiv-

mcots to be ing from every such dealer any such certificate with the endorse-

coMorsf ments thereon, enter the fame in a book to be kept by him for

ted!o*wn that purpose, and forthwith transmit every such certificate with

missioners. the endorsements thereon, to the commissioners of the revenue:

Officersto and every such officer who shall grant any such permit, as aforesaid,

transmit ae- shall forthwith transmit to the collector of the district to which tee permitted such coffee shall have been permitted, an account of the quantity tthe-e fen°r* -°f CD®:e> 3nc* 'l'le narTle of the person to whom the fame was who shall permitted, who shall notify-the same to the gauger of the walk in gaugers. ..which person shall reside, in order that such gauger or other offi-ccr of exqife may view and examine such coffee, and charge the person to whom such coffee shall have been permitted with the duty due and payable thereon.

CoGhccx-

VI. And be it enacted, That all coffee exceeding the weight of Pnlflie roc- two pounds, which shall be found conveying by land or by \vater] iVitM.ifcor.- from any part cr place in this kingdom to any other part or place

therein

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 559

therein, to any person whatever, and all sacks or bags, calks' or A.D. vessels, containing the fame, shall be forfeited and seized by any 1797-officer of the revenue, unless a permit then in force, under the ^5^' hand of a proper officer for the conveyance of such coffee, shall be produced.

VII. And be it enacted, That the person or persons to whom such coffee shall be consigned by virtue of such permit, shall imme- is ptr.muai diately after the arrival of such coffee, to the place to which the same shall be font or directed, give notice ill writing lo the fur- arrival to

r , , iurvTyors.o.

veyor of cxcuc, or m his absence, to the gauger or the walk m gauges, who

which such coffee shall arrive, of the arrival of the fame, which

surveyor or gauger is hereby required to repair to the place where "!><u<li,

such coffee shall then be, and shall then and there carefully tieem-.-.

examine the fame, with such permit, and shall take such

permit from the person having charge of such coffee, and shall upon oath made by such person, which oath every such

surveyor or gauger is hereby authorized to administer, that the coffee mentioned in such permit, was to the bell of his

knowledge and belief, the identical coffee then produced to

such officer, which officeT shall thereupon without fee or

reward, give the owner or person having the charge of such

coffee, a certificate, containing a true and particular account of such coffee, which certificate shall be deemed to be of

equal authenticity and eft’edl with the original permit; and 'r-

such officer shall charge the person or persons to whom such a.i'i nut.-

coffee shall have been so conveyed, with the inland.or excise

duty payable thereon; and every month make a return or

report in writing to the collector of the diilrifl, of all such

duty on coffee as shall have been charged within such

month.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all coffee exceeding two pounds, CaSccr-which shall be found in the possessinn of any person other than ZrmllXi an importer of coffee, for which a permit shall not be.produced, comSatcis or in case a permit shall have been granted for such coffee.

luall dv f/r-

;md loch certificate as aforesaid granted within twenty-four

hours from the expiration of the time limited by such permit for the conveyance of such coffee, in case a Sunday, Ghriflmas-day, or Good-Friday, shall not interfere, or if any of such days shall intervene, then, and in case such certificate, as aforesaid, granted within forty-eight hours from the 7 hi r expiration

56a A.D. 1797. iCliap..5.i

If an ins-poiter deli* -vers coffee without a

she shirty-feveuth. Year of George III.

expiration of the lime limited by such permit, as aforesaid, shall not be produced, all such -coffee, with the packages :in which the same shall -be found, shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of the revenue.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any importer of coffee, shall fell or deliver any coffee to any person whatsoever,

without procuring a permit for such coffee, such importer shall pay. cx shall be liable to pay the inland or excise duty for all such ?OTfcit, Too"J coffee which lie or flic shall so fell or deliver without such tpermit, and shall forfeit for every such offence, the fnm of one hundred-pounds.

:X. And be it enacted, That every retailer and buyer of coffee, shall within ten days after such return shall be, or ought to have been made, pay and clear off all such duties as shall be due from him, her, or them respectively, for and on account of all such coffee as-shall have been sold to him, or permitted to him within the said.month.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any such retailer or buyer of coffee, shall omit or refuse to give such notice.of the arrival of any coffee to him or her as aforesaid, or shall omit or refuse-to deliver up such permit.as :aforesaid, or shall not within the time:herein appointed for that purpose, pay off and discharge all duties so returned as a charge-on him, her, or them, he, she, or they shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XII. And be it enacted, That no feller of, or-dealer in coffee, shall receive out of any such -warehouses as aforesaid, any less quantity of coffee than -one hundred pounds weight at any one time, and no permit shall be granted for the conveyance.from the importer of coffee, to any person, of any quantity of -coffee less than one hundred pounds weight.

iiilv^ntrrri 'XIII. And for preventing the clandestine importation of than be for- coffee into -this kingdom, be it enacted, That if any person

fcUed, and all ' & J V

jmkajes, shall (import or bring any coffee into this kingdom, and shall tartls, Sic. not maj{c due entry thereof, and pay the duty thereon, or bring the -.fame into such warc-house or ware-houses, in -manner as herein directed, the same shall be, and is hereby taken to be unlawfully imported, and such coffee, together with the packages containing the fame, and all horses and carriages conveying the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may ;be seized by any officer of the revenue.

3 XIV. And

'Duties to the cleared tiff tvitliin to diyi ;.»'tcr re-

tiii t k.

50l. pcnr.l. Jy lor net giving notice. not giving up permits nr not paying duties, as ordered.

Nnlcfs to be received yont of ware-house, ur jiermiued from importer, than ’I ov:.

The thirly-ffVenth Year of George III. 5^’1

XIV. And be it cna-iVl, That ii any doubt shall ar.li;, A. !) whether the cnflom or inland duty, payable for any colsL-o 1797-which shall be seized in purfurince of tljis act, hath been Chap 5 '2 duly paid, or that the fame, nr any part thereof, hath Urn condemned as forfeited, and (old at a custniu-honfi* falo, the ’* r,1. ,'1|1 [,c proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimcr thirenf, or the person or persons on whom the same shall !v louud, and

not on the officer.

XV. And the better to enable the officers of the revenue l?'‘..cr:.m

l.i IM

to keep a regular flock account on all the importers, of, and other dealers in coffee; l e it enacted, That every importer, it . -i retailer of, or dealer in coffee, who shall have or hold in h'Vj.

his, her, or their cuffed'-, powtr or pofivllion, or in the ^,'Tn'.V,

custody of any other person, lor his or her life, any quail-"y"-1’;,. tity of coffee, either of his or her property, or the pro- i'it, v.-.r:-perly of any other person, fbnii on the twenty-fifth day of*; every month, except the nion'hs of June and September,: ’' and on every twenty-foui(It clay of June, and twenty-ninth day of September, or within ten days after, give and deliver to the collcQor of the riiftiidl where such person or persons shall reside, a true account in writing, of his or her name and place of abode, and of the true quantity of coffee which such person shall at the time of giving in such

account, have in his or her custody, power or possession, or in the possession of any other person for his or her use, which account shall also set forth the number of packages, and distinguish the quantity contained in each of them, and the particular ware-houses, store-houses, cellars, or other places where the fame (ha'll then be, which account shall be signed by such importer, retailer of, or dealer in coffee as aforesaid, or one of his or her known clerks, with his or her name and place of abode, in which account shall be contained all such (lock as he or she had on the said respective days , and in case any such importer, retailer of, or dealer in coffee, shall neglect to give in such account, at the respective times, and in such manner as is herein directed, such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and in case the account given in, shall appear false Cotfv,-or fraudulent, all such coffee, of which no account shall be |JsU given, and the packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the rc-value;

5 6"; The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

venue, and the person or persons so offending, shall forfeit 1797. treble the value thereof; and every collector who shall re-Chap. 5a. ceive any account, shall forthwith transmit a copy of the Hlcetorito fame, to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, piw'of m!" XVI- And be it enacted, That any officer or officers of

ci -'ts :0 excise, may in the day time, between the hours of eight in commission. 1 3 , 6

cr. the morning and four in the afternoon, enter into the house,

mayenter stores, and other places belonging to, orufed by any person

and*'! the 'n coffee, and shall be permitted to weigh, examine,

day,intake ancJ fa)-e an account of all coffee therein; and if any person

accounts; J

oi penait-.ifhaving coffee in his or her possession, or the wife, foil or obflfl"'? t^au?Iltcr °I such person, or any person employed as clerk or irfc.iici, servant for him or her, shall obstruct, or not permit any such Sdanis' officer to enter his or her house, or other place aforefii-J, mil fumilhul. or p,a|] not fllcw officer all his or her flock, or shall obstruift or not permit such officer to weigh, examine, and take an account of all coffee in his or her possession, or shall not on demand of any such officer, furnidi just and

true fealcs and weights f. r weighing such coffee, or shall not attend with a sufficient number of his or her servants, to bring such coffee to the fcalcs, and aliift in the weighing thereof, every such person who, or whose wife, son, or daughter, clerk or servant, shall ohfirmft or not permit any such officer, or shall not shew such flock of coffee, or not

furnish just fealcs and weights as aforesaid, or not

assist in weighing the fame, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

t.qiacroums

XVII. And to prevent frauds by importers of coff cc, com1 cfibikivali mitted by their Sifpofing of the fame without permit; be

impoivrs; . , 1 1

it enacted, That the officers of excise (bail keep a book, to contain an account of the (lock of every importer of coffee, and shall from time to time enter therein an account of all coftce which shall be in the possession of any importer of coffee, on which the duty payable to his Majesty on importation shall have been paid, and of all coffee which shall have been disposed by such importer, for the removing of books a permit or permits shall have been granted, which

Aullbccri- book shall be evidence of the flock of such importer, ars-d knmrterto 'n every case where the flock of such importer of coffee Iridfexafe shall be less than the quantity of coffee, which by such duty fordo flock account of such importer, he, (lie, or they ought to

(lock; . have

The thirty-five nth Year of George III.

have in his, her, cr their possession, the proper officer r-t A

563

of A.D.

excite (bail charac such importer with the amount of the

' 1_t Untp ^2.

inland duty of excise, on the quantity so cccre.iff d, and

thill make monthly returns of all quantities of coffee, the inland or excise duty on which shall have hern so charged, in the same manner as any charge of inland or excise duty on coffee is made and returned: and i very such return m,-, ,i t, shall be a charge on the person charged with such duty, ^j.1, and shall he naid and recovered in the same time and man-

rers,

' . I I1!;*)' ihilU

ner as any charge of excise duty on coffee made in any i.«-

return is to he paid and recovered, and such importer shall a,' arm frr. be subject to the like penalty for not pacing the fame at the JJ time appointed for the payment thereof, and every such im-cr‘-'a,j; porter, for every time such decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the sum of five shillings for every pound weight which shall he deficient of the quantity, which by such flock account such importer of coffee ought to have in his, her, or their possession; and if any greater quantity of 'coffee shall "'i"1' f

imp-.r.cr.»

he found in possession of any such importer than the quan- &<xu tity which by such flock account, he, flic, or they ought to have in his, her, or their possession, all such quantity in-3o1-crcafed shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and the person in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every importer of,

dealer in coffee, final!, on demand of any officer of excise,10 >'">3<ie

' ... on demand of

make a true declaration in writing, of the quantity of cof-officer, pe. fee in his or her possession; and if any importer of, orna,ty 2t),‘ denier in coffee, who, or whose wife, son, daughter, or servant, or other person usually attending, shall not upon such demand make such declaration of the quantity of coffee in his or her possession to any officer of excise, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and SbciX. such declaration shall be evidence, that such importer hath <i'nci:' the full quantity of coffee so declared in his or her possession, at the time of making such declaration.

XIX. And be it cnaQcd> That no person shall be granted tob°p^."ot for conveying coffee, from any importer of coffee, to any j"'10 person not licensed to fell groceries, or to deal in coffee, or censed, »n-’.vhofe certificate of such licenss shall not be produced to the for’s receipt

7 C n officer

564 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

officer authorized to grant permits, unless a receipt of the ^797^ collector for the duty of excise on such quantity of coffee, far excite du-for which a permit shall be required, be produced to the of-ty i-procuc fjcer^ to whom application shall be made for such permit.

XX. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfei-C*I’V ';ures aforesaid, shall be sued for> levied, and recovered by

2. with like such ways, means, rules and directions, and with such

remedy of J

appeal. powers as are appointed, directed and expressed in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the filling of the excise or new impojf upon his Ma-jefy, his heirs and fueccjfors, according to the Look of rates therein inserted, or by any other law now of force, relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force relative to the dutict of excise is provided, in frees

XXI. And be it cr.afled, That this act shall continue and

2 years from

: ifh Jure, be in force for two years from the twenty*fourth day of ciidoTnat0 June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, tcHion. and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein mentioned.

FOR regulating the export, import, and sale of the several articles herein after mentioned, and prevention of fraud therein; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the Drawback, authority of tile lame, That the following drawbacks respectively, in lieu of all ether drawbacks and allowances, shall be paid on fP‘- spirits diffdled within this kingdom, which shall be exported as

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 56

merchandize to any place other than Great Britain, or the illan.l A.D.

of i'erro, or Farro, that is to say; on all such spirits as shall he 1797-

of a strength equal to live degrees, or ten per centum, under by-

di'omctcr proof, the sum of one shilling and eight-pence, and ibi;rws

thrcc-cigliths of one penny for every gallon thereof; and if fuel', p'f,"

spirits shall he of greater strength than live degrees under hydro- ls;.G I-! D . , 0 j: ' W’.J

meter proof, a further hun ot two-pence, and one-eighth of one igl.te no;

penny for every gallon thereof, for every four degrees which the VJiigc."

thine shall exceed the ftrcnglh aforesaid, and so in proportion fr.r

any greater or lei’s number of degrees; provided always, That the ilr.mii.u-i

drawback on any one gallon of Inch spirits shall not in the whole 1" j.'

exceed two shillings and four pence halfpenny; and no drawback j r,.

shall he allowed or repaid on any such spirits which shall be in mi Ij'irio !u

strength below five degrees, cr ten per centum under hydrometer .."V

proof,

II. And be it enacted, That no payment of duty, drawback or Kil ai: ,.v_ allowance shall be made or paid for any quantity of spirits diddled 11 l',r ldi

1 . 1 . 111.111 ICO ;|.

in this kingdom, which shall he exported in any calk or veil'd i in a containing less than one hundred gallons, or which shall be shipped on hoard any ship or vessel of less burthen than (evenly tons, or vc!i-'1'

J t 1 ' 70 tuns

that shall be shipped to be condoned oil ship-board, or for any other purpose than as mereh trnlize.

III. And be it enacted, That all spirits diddled in this kingdom, n~C! for which a drawback on export thereof shall be claimed, shall be f.*'

1 1 [i irtlr.t; Ipi.

exported from a port allowed by law, and at the common quays m. <'.« diaw-for exportation, and within the usual hours in the presence of some sworn officer of the excise, upon due notice thereof, given at the office of excise of the dill rid in the port from which such spirits shall be (flipped; and such officer or officers shall certify the ofi-ccr; to quantity and quality of such spirits or strong waters so shipped, ^iy and ua-to the commissioners or collectors of their respective distritts, who Kt>'m cmn-

in fH >ners or

are here!)*/ required to pay the person or persons so exporting the cMU-aon, fame, the drawback payable within one month after such expor- j11 p3i' tation. ntontli.

IV. Provided always, That before any permit shall be granted Oath to hr by any officer for (liipping any spirits for which such drawback ot u;icr export-the excise is to be paid, as aforesaid, the person apr-teing for lueh

permit, if he or she he the distiller thereof, shall n; an oath of ma i» pram-the following import before such officer, who is hereby empowered and required to administer the same, that is to lay; that the full duty payable has been paid for all the spirits so intended to be shipped, and in case such spirits have been reduced in strength after the same shall have been dilliiled, that nothing aas been or Vox. XVIII. 7 D shall

5 66 A.D.

ft.iugcr’s permit to be p'-o1ucet!, ivlifn cxpor-ter is not <Jil-tiilcr h Hull prf it IC-; per-Kills or certificates, and fwvar the following oath.

officers to grant permits, tnd beep permits or certificates.

Quantity

nnj qualify to be ceyti/icd by officers who ffiip and gunge; and exporters to bve.tr -is here-in before drawback is paid.

oatU to be made by nutters of f-.ips.

Kvporters to enter into bonds for double sums, not to re-hud, VC.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

shall be added thereto but water for the purpose of reducing the same to the strength prescribed by law; and every person making such oath, shall produce the gauger’s permit for the said spiriis, which permit such officer shall keep; and if such spirits shall he exported by any other person than the difliller thereof, such person shall produce to such officer the permit or permits, certificate or certificates, under which he or flie received the fame, and shall in like manner make an oath of the import following, to wit; that the spirits so intended to be shipped arc the identical spirits received by him or her, by virtue of the permit or permits, certificate or certificates so produced, and that neither he, she, or any person for him or her did, to his or her knowledge, receive by virtue or under colour of the fame; a greater quantity of spirits than is therein expressed; and that neither he or she, nor any other person to his or her knowledge did or shall add any liquor thereto but water to reduce the same to the strength prescribed by law; and every such officer shall then grant a permit annexed to, or at the foot of the said affidavit for shipping the quantity required, and shall keep the permit or certificate (o produced to, and deposited with him,

V. Provided also, That before any drawback shall be paid for such spirits shipped for exportation, as aforesaid, the quantity and quality, or degtee of strength thereof, and the contents of each cask shall be certified by the surveyor and other officer who shipped and gauged the fame, and that the person exporting the fame, shall make oath before the customer, collector, or principal officer of the port from whence the same shall be exported, who is and are empowered and required to administer the same, of the quantity of spirits so shipped, and the ship and matter’s name, and to what place bound, and that to his or her knowledge or belief, said spirits or any part thereof, have not been, nor are intended to be un shipped or landed in any other than the place in the said oath mentioned; and the master of the ship when clearing out, shall likewise make oath before such officer; who is in like manner empowered and required to administer the same, that he has said spirits on board his ship, and that they are not intended to be re-landed to his knowledge or belief, and that he will not suffer the kune, or any part thereof, to be relanded in Ireland, or landed in Great Britain, or the island of Farro or Ferro, except in case of inevitable distress.

VI. Provided also, That such person before he or she shall be entitled to receive any allowance or drawback by virtue hereof, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in

567

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

double the sum which he or she shall claim for 1'uch drawback, con- A.D. ditioned that (itch spirits or strong waters shall be exported to parts r797-beyond the leas, and shall not be relanded in this kingdom, or landed in Great Britain, or the island of Farro or Ferro; and upon >ip-->n certificate returned under the hand and leal of the chief magistrate c.i^;, ,r of any port or place beyond the leas, or under the hand and

lea! of two known merchants of the place where such spirits or Ut or taken

1 ,tt ic, boutl>

strong waters shall have been landed, and that the fame were :,uy i,-there landed, or upon proof made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise, or of the collector or other chief officer of the port, that such spirits or strong waters were taken hv enemies, or perished in the seas, the said bond shall be delivered up to fitch exporter to be cancelled without any fee for the same.

VII. And be it cnacteil, That if any such spirits or strong tva- it/edi tci'S so shipped for exportation, shall be afterwards relanded or [’"(. unshipped in any part of Ireland, or shall be put on board any

boat or other vessel in any creek, haven, or port thereof, or at fca, in order to be relanded, without the license of one or more of the principal officers of such port or place first had, or unless it , U, G-be in case of distress to save the fame from perishing, which dif- or j-Vrm, the tress shall be made known forthwith to one of the officers of the port where such ship shall arrive, or if any such spirits or strong '"I waters shall be landed in Great Britain, or the island of Farro or )ar, arii. Ferro, except in case of distress, as aforesaid, the mailer, purser, or other person having the charge of such ship, out of which such. spirits shall be so unshipped, landed or re-landed, and all’o the exporter of such spirits, shall each of them forfeit treble the value of such spirits.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no allowance or abatement shall No ill.nv-be made upon any brandy, rum, geneva, or other foreign

spirits imported into this kingdom, on account of any decrease, h'?‘ "r

or supposed decrease of strength or quantity, by reason of the heat of weather, or on account of the (pace occupied by the measuring rule, or of what is commonly called the wet

dip,

IX. And be it enacted, That there shall not any duty whatsoever No tkty be paid to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, for or on account Son o^breail of any bread or biscuit of the manufacture of this kingdom, ex- or b‘,cm" ported out of the same.

X. And be it enacted, That during the continuance of the pre- Pot-aDic. sent war, no pot-a(hes, or pearl-afltes whatsoever, shall be exported

from this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever, :o any place

7 D 2 except

A.D.

170 7*

Chan^53.

jiritain, during tiic tvur, he for-ftirt-i!. and ad

diij'S, Ac.

A bond for 2eel- with feicf.os, Aval! lie entered into, for

J,'inding ailu-5

in G. ilntain, which shall be cancelled on return of certificate within ttrec nuituhs or if taken or hil at /ca.

i-it'Ciis made in Gcr-many or $i-Icfi.i, and blenched in Holland, shall pay duty ns Holland linen.

Duty on long lawns or narrow. Germany,

All refined sugars imported confident*! as in loaves, unless ground or powdered.

iron impregnated with copper deemed cop-per ore.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

except Great Britain, and if any fitch allies shall be laden on board any flop or vefficl, bound to any place except Great Britain, or shall be exported to any place except Great Britain, the il.ip or voile), in which such allies shall he lo laden or exported, together with such allies, shall be forfeited, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel.

X!. And be it enacted, That before such allies shall be laden on board any ship or vessel in this kingdom, the person exporting the fame, shall enter into bond with two sufficient sureties, in the sum of two hundred pounds, conditioned that such allies Hull be landed in Great Britain, and no where cite, and upon certificate being returned within three months from the day of the date or such bond, under the hand and foal of the chief ollicer of the port in Great Britain, where fitch allies find! have been landed, that the said allies were there landed, or upon proof made within such time, to the satisfaction of any one of the commissioners of his Majesty's cnltoms or excise, that such allies were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, the said bond shall be delivered up to such exporter, without any fee lor the lame.

XII. And whereas a doubt hath arisen, whether linen made in Germany, or Silelia, ami after bleached in Holland, and from thence imported into this kingdom, is or ought to be rated, and pay duty as Holland linen: be it enacted, That all linens made ill Germany or Silelia, and after bleached in Holland, and imported from thence into this kingdom, shall be -rated as Holland linens, and pay the duties appointed by law to be puid on the importation of Holland linen.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Germany, or Silesia linen, not above three quarters and half broad, commonly called long lawns, or narrow Germany, shall be accounted lawns, and pay the duties appointed by law for such commodities, in like proportion as the fame pays when cut into quarter pieces.

XIV. And whereas persons frequently import loaves of fugr.r broken into fereral pieces, as if such pieces were only of a quality lit to be ground and powdered, and afterwards sell the same as refined loaf sugar, to the injury of the trade and revenue of this kingdom: be it enacted, That all refined sugars imported into this kingdom, shall be considered as sugars imported in loaves, and be subject and liable to duty as such, unless the same shall have been ground or powdered, previous to their importation into this kingdom.

XV. And be it enacted, That iron immersed in copper mine, or water impregnated with copper, shall be deemed and taken as copper ore, and pay duty as such.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III..- 569

XVI. And be it enacted, That where any person shall import A.D. crude brimstone, or salt-pctrc, and shall make use of the fame, in 1797* extracting therefrom oil of vitriol or aquafeitis, such person shall |;c entitled to receive, and the collector of the port or district, Dai* cn within which such crude brimstone and salt-pctrc shall have been ,[tlu. or imported, shall repay to Inch person, all such duties as have been m

paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear nU. M be to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue by aflida- rc*>3‘ vit, or if a known quaker by affirmation, that such crude brim-stone and salt-petre had been tiled in making vitriol or aquafortis.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no raw lilk shall he exempted R>~ from duty, on account of its being the growth or culture of ,f n-;M: America, unl-J’s the master, commander, or other person taking charge of any ship or vefltl importing raw liik, do deliver to the oauii:, |«o-colleifter, or other chief officer of the port of importation, at or cate<, and " before the entry of such (ilk, such certificate as any mailer, com- of

mander, or any other person would, or ought to have received at i-:. the port, where any such raw f.lk was put on board, in order to entitle him to land the fame duty free in this kingdom, and do also make oath, or if a known quaker a.solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said collector, or other chief officer, is hereby empowered and required to admimlter, that the hales, parcels, and goods contained in such certificates are the fame which were taken on hoard in the said countries rufpeclively, and on failure of performing any of the said requisites, all such raw lilk shall be.liable to the payment of the duty payable on (ilk, not being of the growth or product of the Britishi colonies and plantations in America.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall make, or pc,r_, cattle to be made, any entry or entries of a:iv raw lilk under the -i',0 n'a\-

’ 1 J rlife Cf!lrk~,

name or description of raw fill;, of the growth or culture of his or mU Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, net being of such Ind'foAi'fitfe; growth or-culture, or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, ar.v (uclt " k -

o ’ J 1 .4 njixiur-, tl;.« 1

raw lilk, with raw lilk of the growth or culture of the said cclo-nics or plantations, in order to evade the ditties payable on raw liik 1 "h' of the growth of culture of countries,' other than the aforesaid colonies or plantations, every person so making, or catlfing to be made, such entry or entries, or-mixing, or canting such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit the (inn of fifty pounds for every fuel, olfenec, and also all inch taw l:!k; and in case of any mixture, the quantity so mixed, together with the value thereof, as also the piekages containing the lame, shall be forfeited.

E

XIX

p-.j.

Hl.disposed persons fabricate rtoc-Icavcs, &c. in imitation of tea, and mix them with unwholc* fonie JRj»re-

persons who fabricate such imitations, or leaves of tea that h ive hern used, or fell, or expose such to falc, or have any in their possession, shall forfeit to!, for every punni, and nil Such leaves, fee.

Penalties, &c. recovered as by 14 6r if C. 2. or any other excise law; with like remedy of appeal.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

XIX. Provided always, That if any doubt shall arise, whether such raw silk, or any part thereof, be of the growth or culture of the said colonics or plantations in America, the proof shall lie on the owner or daimer thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor.

XX. And whereas several ill-disposed persons do frequently dye, fiibricate or manufacture very great quantities of floe leaves, liquorice leaves, and the leaves of tea that have been before used, or the leaves of other trees, shrubs, or plants, in imitation of tea, and do likewise mix, colour, stain, and dye (itch leaves, and like-wife tea, with terra japonica, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood, and with other ingredients, and do fell and vend, the fame, as true and real tea, to the prejudice of the health of his Majesty's subjects, the diminution of the revenue, and to the ruin of the fair trader: be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall dye, fabricate, or manufacture any floe leaves, liquorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leaves of any other tree, shrub, or plant in imitation of tea, or shall mix, colour, stain, or dye such leaves or tea, with terra japonica, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or shall fell and vend, or utter, oiler, or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any such dyed, fabricated, or manufactured leaves, in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the ingredients before mentioned, or with any other ingredient whatsoever, such person or persons shall respectively for every pound of such leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of such mixed, coloured, stained, or dyed leaves, or tea, forfeit and pay the fuin of ten pounds, together with all such leaves or tea, which leaves or tea any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue is, and are hereby required and empowered to seize.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered by such ways, means, rules, and directions, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling of the exc'fe, or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the boot of rales therein inserted, or by any other law now of force, relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 5 7 r

in this act, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as A. 11. in and by the salt! ad of excise, or any other lav; or laws notv of ffffj force, relative to the duty of excil'e, is provided.

XXII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be in

force for two years, from the twenty-fourth day of Tune, one thou- I"'-’. 1707.

J ,n<j to ctuj 0;

sand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the end w i.fa. of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. LIV.

An Act to enable the Proprietors of Debentures issued by Government, to convert them into Stock, transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

WHEREAS it may be advantageous and satisfactory to persons holding debentures, bearing interest after the rate of n> lioMors of three pounds ten shillings, four pounds, and five pounds per ecu- theyw"n"' turn per annum, respectively, if the principal sums therein were 12 . turned into stock, to be called government-stock, such flock to be PaiJ entered in books, to be kept in the bank of Ireland, and in duplicates of such books to be kept in Come other place, to be by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland for that purpose appointed, and if the dividends or interest payable thereon, were paid at the said bank half-yearly: Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and e"c,or maybe lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Ire- ippmupr- land, and their successors, to authorize and direct from time to time such officers or persons employed by them as they shall think proper, to keep books, wherein all assignments or transfers of the principal sums contained in any such debentures, shall be entered and registered in such manner as the said governor and company shall direct; and that it shall and may be lawful for any person hoMmof*. or persons holding any of such debentures, to produce to the have them said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, any of the said debentures, and to require that an entry or registry shall be nairt >made in his, or her, or their name or names in such books, of w%- the principal sum contained in every such debenture, and of his, her, or their being the proprietor or proprietors thereof, and thereupon, and upon delivering to the said governor an.! company,

jya The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

every fncli debenture to !;e cancelled, Inch entry or registry flinsl '707. be made in such manner as the said governor and company flue!

Chap. 74. Jlrc-a

C--',-—j I itvrell U

II. And be it enact.d, Tint the Inrereft or dividends aiifing on all inch capital stock, as shall be io entered, shall be paid at the

atuitjo.y.:. bank of Ireland, by two.half-yearly payments in every year, that is to lay, cn. every twenty-fifth day of March, and twenty-ninth day of September, to the person or persons appearing, from Inch entries, to be entitled thereto, or to hi', her, cr their executors or luhniniftratorp, or lay.Tn! attorney or atomies.

III. And be it ena£Ud, That in every case where no demand r,f itUe' cll or dividend, on account of any fuel) capital stock,-shall he made at the said bank, within four years from the tjme the first

ch:<]ucr, auj payment shall become due, all money which shall accrue thereon, mindcj, tiirjil shall make part of the balance of calli in tire receipt of his Ma-

Titered me dcnniided in a y.'.irs, shall make part of btihncc in ex-

be replaced 1)1 bank.

jesty’s exchequer, and shall be-issuable by the commissioners of the tveaiury, as other parts of such balance; provided nevertheleil-, that such interest or dividend shall be paid at the said hank, when the same shall be demanded, and the same shall be replaced at the said bank.

IV. Provided always,- That nothing herein contained, shall fub-j»vjno-,.h» ject the governor and company of the said bank, to pay any fed by teller greater him in discharge of such interest or dividends, titan fltali ofcitl.cijji:r. jlavc ]JCCn provided by deposites made with them, by the teller

Baal: not 10

of his Majesty's exchequer.

V. And be it enacted, That-the said governor and company shall cattle to be made out duplicates of the said books, and at lead once in every ten (Lays cause to be copied therein all entries, which fltali have been made in tite original books, to be kept in the said bank, and such duplicate books Stall be kept- at such place, as the governor and company of the said bank,- or their successors, shall appoint, not being at the said bank, cr contiguous thereto; and in cate of the infs or destruction of any of the original books, to be' kept at the said bank,- the said duplicates thereof shall he evidence to all intents and purposes in all cases, as the original books would have been.

AR’nment be it ensiled, That it shall and may he lawful for the

ar.a transfer governor and company of the bank.of Ireland,- to authorize and

Iwcks Hull be b-

keptaidi. t direct such persons.es aforesaid, to keep bocks, wherein ail assign-gjv'.liVcsm. ments or transfers of the said principal sums or flock,-dudi be entered or registered in such manner as the said company shall direct, emri.-s £snca and every- such entry shall -.be ligned by the person or persons alignir.vor making fuel-, a Sign mart or transfer, or if such person or persons be

tr.tn:-fcrTirg, a abfel'.t

l}uplic.y.c$ of books to be maJe otic, and entries copied every 10 days;

governor and company to appoint a place for keeping d:i-p'ii-Uc bonk?, not near tl:e bmk, which shall be evidence of ori-£in..li.

The thirty-sevenlb Year of George III. 5 73

absent by his, her, or their respective attorney or attornies there- A.D. unto lawfully authorized in writing, under his, her, or their land 1797. and l'cal, or hands and seals, to he attested by two or more credible Chap. 54. witness’es, and that the several person or persons to whom Inch transfer shall hematic, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or >!ioii*rJ nr-'their acceptance thereof by himl'clf, herself, or themselves, or by rjrsjirj his, her, or their respective attorney or attornies lawfully authorized in manner aforesaid, and that no other method of assigning m and transferring the said principal sums, or capit i (lock, or anyc, ctiicr-part thereof, or any ir.tercft therein, Until be good or available in

VII. Provided always, That no stamp duties whatsoever, shall be charged on any of the faiu transfers, nor on any receipt for any payment in respect of the said principal lhms or (lock, or the uttered thereof, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the entries of such principal sum or dock in the said books respectively, and of every assign-inent or transfer which shall be made thereof, shall be evidence of the right and title thereto, of the person or persons, who by such entry shall appear to be entitled thereto.

IX. And be it enacted, That the governor am! company of the hank of Ireland, shall v.-ilhin (even days after any debenture shall have been deposited in the bank, in order to be cancelled as aforesaid, transmit the same to the lord high treasurer, or the lords commissioners of the treasury, to be by him cr them cancelled.

X. And be it enacted, That on ai! such debentures as shall not he so deposited, and changed into flock, to be entered in hooks, to be kept by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as aforesaid, the interest thereof shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in manner heretofore.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or aflilt in the forging or counterfeiting of any such debenture or debentures, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish as true, any such falle, forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture or debentures, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank cf Ireland, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, 01 causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or puhlidung' as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of fe-

VOL. XVIII. 7 I' " lony,

N'o llanips on trunsfci s

or n.t.cijJtr.

Fi!- !i rr.Mida fn.-.il lie evidence

T'; i;.?ntures

to:; ur.«tl-

J witlijis

7 d. , ll.jMl

b.u*: to trtft-

ton , tO bo

CCiU oiled.

ln'crcft c»

dvhi

n. t to -‘tpo.

be

i it . SM-

i-.iy.a^ uia.-iL

Persons concerned in Joigin« or aht rb.g debentures, or miciing toeb. /Ji.iH toiler duth.

57:4

A.

1797-- Chap. 54.

V.

7be ihiriy-fcvci: ih Year of George III. lony, and shall l'u3'et death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

Xlf. And be it enacted, That. if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or aliifl in the forging or counterfeiting of any letter of,attorney, or other authority or instrument, to

Peifous . who forge, or 1 . filOftin '

furgirg a . power to

i transferftodc, transfer, assign, fell Gr convey any part or fiiarc of, or in any

or to receive . jntcrcli, or

tames of pro* prietors to such, or en-

tleavour to procure any fraudulent , transfer, or fraudulently personatepro-prictots, shall JufTcv death.

Persons con-cenicd in forging or altering any warrants for payment, 01 in patting such, (halt fuflcr death.

principal sum or (lock already created, or to be hereafter created, and made transferable at the bank of Ireland, or to receive any interest, or dividend or dividends payable at llic bank of Ireland, or any part - thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or aftift in the forging or counterfeiting of the name or names of any proprietor or proprietors of any such part or Ihare of, or in iiieh principal sums or.stock, or interest, dividend or dividends, as aiorc-said, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, instrument or authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently- demand, or endeavour to have any such part or Ihare cf,- or in such principal Aims or Hock, interest. dividend or dividends, or any part thereof transferred, assigned, fold, or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, interefc, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeited or forged letter - of attorney, authority, or instrument,-cr shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of the said shares of, or in the faitl principal fur,s,-or (lock, interest, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, any part or Ihare of, or.in the said principal sums, or (lock, or receiving, or- endeavouring to receive the money of such true and lawful proprietor or proprietors, as if such offender or offenders were, the true and.lawful owner or owners thereof, then and in every or any such case, such offender or offenders shall he deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

XIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act,-if any person or persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any dividend warrant, or warrants for payment of any annuity, interest,

or money payable in pursuance of this act, at the bank of Ireland, or any endorsement thereon, or shall offer,.or dispose of, or put away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered dividend warrant or warrants, for payment of any annuity, interest, or money payable as aforesaid, or the endorsemer.t -.thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. 575

Ireland, or any of their officers or servants, knowing such dlvi- A.D.

dend warrant, or warrant fer payment of any annuity, mlcreft, or 1797-

money payable as aforesaid, or the cndorl’einent thereon, to he Chap..5 4. forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said ' '

governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or their successors, or any other hotly politick or corporate, or any pci son or persons whatsoever; every person or persons so offending, ih.ail he deemed guilty of felony, and shall fuller death as a feion or felons, without benefit of clergy.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons I’crfiw u-im

1 11.nice.or nflifl

shall wilfully make or afTift in making any transfer of any in mating interest, part or share of, or in any principal sums, or flock, ,i,c',.nn'Kl ,i annuity or annuities, by this act made or declared transfer-able at the bank of Ireland, in any of the hooks of the said f", Urfe,|‘‘-governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in which transfers of principal films, (lock, or annuities as aforesaid, are, or in pursuance of this act shall be made in the name or names of any person or persons not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of such principal sums or Aock, or annuity or annuities, transferable as aforesaid, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any other body politic or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, such person or persons so making or assisting in making such transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall fu/Tcr death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons "whatsoever, shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause irauf-t'.. or

0 1 src conccrwo

or procure to be falsely made, forged or countcricited, or therein, a*!j

shall wilfully act, or a/Ii/t in the falsely making, forging or lu'"r drJll‘ counterfeiting of any transfer of any interest, part or share of, or in any principal sums or flock, or annuity or annuities, by this act made or declared transferable at the bank of Ireland, or shall utter or publish as true, any such false, forged or counterfeited transfer as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any other body politic or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every person or persons whatsoever so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death ns a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

576 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons >797* whatsoever, shall wilfully make or a (lift in making any false v.hap 54. ently; or shall wilfully alter or.afftft in altering any word ivrfons wiio or figure in any entry in the books of account kept, or in pursuance of this act to be kept, by the said governor and invito'alter’ colnpany of the bank of Ireland, wherein the . fever,:! ac-nny woriiior counts of the owners or proprietors of principal sums, or

figures in . ,; 1

ti'.tnii'dr- (lock, or annuities,' by this act. made or declared transfer-!"ffcrdraii! able.at the bank of Ireland, are or in pursuance of tins aft shall be entered and kept, or shall in any manner wilfully falsify the account or accounts of any such owner or proprietor, in the books of the said governor and company, wherein such accounts arc, or in pursuance of this act shall be entered and kept, with intent to defraud the said governor and company. of the bank-of-Ireland, or any other body politic, or corporate, or any person. or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so. offending, shall be. deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

Any derk,

XVII. And to prevent dividend warrants being made cut for fcc.»ho ii.--.ll t!iJTerent fuins than the sums really due, by which forgeries and

make out a . 1 O

warrant for frauds in transfers and dividend warrants may be committed, be it

more or Icli . , r c

than rise per enacted, I hat ir..my derk. ohicer or iervant or, or other nuion to" ithh i'c-J or Persons employed, or entrusted by the said governor and i >tn-tent todt- pany, shall knowingly or wilfully make out or deliver, or c-tufe

fraud, shall J 0 ' '

ne transported, or procure to be made out or delivered, or wilfully ad or assist in or 7 jt-ars. t]ie mafing out or delivering of any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of airy annuity, or interest, or money, payable in pursuance of this act, at the bank of Ireland, for a greater or Iefs . amount than the person or persons on whole behalf or pretended behalf such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any an-.nuity or interest, or money payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every such person or persons so offending, being in due form of law convicted of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be , transported for seven years.

CHAT.

'5The thiriy-seventh Year of George El,

CHAP. LV.

577

A.D. 1797.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twetity-seventh Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Slone IKeJlward of the said Bridge.

tolls ore In-

jKERKAS by an act of parliament passed in the twenty- ®y17c--J seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled. An aSfor

improving and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcidien-bridge, in ihe county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one mile stone wcfhvard of the said bridge; and by a further aft °"d V)' of parliament passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his arc made said Majesty, entitled, An act to explain-andamend the said before l"*’'-'

mentioned and recited aS, certain tolls are thereby made payable:

And whereas from the great expense of repairing the said road, and the heavy interest payable on the said road, the present tolls are found hife(Sclent to answer the purposes thereby intended, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad lice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by, the authority of the same, That the directors appointed by the said recited ?.Cls,

shall luve power to demand and take in each of the two divisions of the said road by such person or persons as any three or more of the said dir.-.dors Audi authorize thereto, the following tolls at every pay-gate on l lie said road, that is to say, for every flag’-coach, double mil stage-landau, stage-ehariot, or chaise carrying paflen.iy for their pafiiige rclptctively double the toll that any coach:"-, d:u:s, chariots, orchaifes are now respectively subjcCl to l y said recited acts. the same to he received, paid, taken, and recovered to all intents and purposes, in like manner as the lolls payable by the said act are to be received, paid, taken and recovered, and to be paid and applied to the !..mc u.'es as the said original lolls arc directed to he paid and applied.

It. Ar.d, be it enacted by the authority afo'.v Paul, That any three DYA-rt of the said (lircftorr, may lie at liberty to lei the lolfo. of any Angle J ' gate to any contractor for half a year, at a toil not Ids than the ! a f amount of the prrf.r.t tfolh.: and pr nid.-.d ti.at the fame fl.al!

l'livnlv

Ij-.i-

on') ins

t'sC )iirc.

v-C,y

hi'"!

5/8 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

amount to one-fourth part more than the tolls received at such gate I 797. have amounted to in the-half year next preceding the half year lor which the fame is to be so let.

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majes/s Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Improvement of the'.Port and Harbour of Drogheda, and the belter Regulation of the Police of fil'd Town.

Quays are jnfulliciem, ami dupes granted by 30 0.3. arc inaucquaic:

waste grourd

and ft rand n:i

East of town, and Not tK of Roync, would nnswer for quays and, bores:

commissioners appointed by recited net, p chafe I'ranJ And ground herein dc-fcribal.

H ERE AS the quays in the port and harbour of Drogheda, are inefficient for the . accommodation -of ffiips and vessels resorting thither, and the duties granted by an act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the improvement of the port and harbour of Drogheda, and the belter regulation of the police of said town, arc-inadequate to the purpose of extending the quay walls cast of said town: and whereas there is a considerable extent of waste ground and lfrand on the call of said town, and on the north, fide of the river Boyne, which has.never been applied to the use or benefit of any person whatsoever, and which' if walled in would fully answer the purpose of affording.quays sufficient for the accommodation of ships and vessels, and for the landing, and.Snipping of goods and merchandize, and a sufficient depth of ground would remain for building houses and stores in front of the said river to the great accommodation of the trade of said town i be it therefore entitled by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of - the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the commissioners, appointed by the said recited act, or any seven of them, be empowered to pure’nase from such person or persons who shall claim the fame, and prove their title therein, all that waste Grand and ground lying on the North fide of the river Eoyne, between the town of Drogheda and Giccn-Hills, in the county of the said town, meared on the North by the Strand road leading from Drottheda to the fc:, and extending South to the low v.-ater mark of the river Boyne; and that all the powers vefl.-d

hv

4

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

by an act made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, King George the second, entitled, An u: for mating a wide and convenient way, ft reel and fafage, for. Essex-bridge to the Castle if Dublin, and for-other pnrpoiV.-. therein mentioned, or by any other act or acts of parliament, explaining, amending, or enlarging the fame, in the commissioners therein named, or their successors, shall be and are hereby vested in the foregoing commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the purpose of purchasing or procuring the said waste llrand and ground, and of erecting and building additional-quays for the accommodation of ships resorting to said port and harbour, and the trade thereof.: and that all and Angular the clauses contained in the said acts, or -any of them, which -may be necessavy for carrying the trulls hereby vested in the said commissioners, or any of them, into execution, shall be of as full force and effect touching the said waste strand or ground so to be procured and purchased by the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the purposes aforesaid, and touching the several owners, proprietors and persons interesteil therein, as if the fame were severally and specially enacted hereby in respect to the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That where the value of such waste ground, or any part thereof, shall be submitted to a jury, the same shall be valued by such jury with respect to its present state, lunation, and -value, and not according to the additional value it shall or may acquire by the walling in and filling up and levelling of the ground, or by any future improvement to be made thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said waste strand or ground, when purcltafed as aforesaid, and paid for, shall be vested in the said commissioners, and their successors, for (lie purposes aforesaid, and for no other purpose whatsoever.

IV. And whereas the said waste strand or ground hating never been applied to the use or benefit, cr in the occupation or poftllfion of any person or persons, a difficulty may arise, and the said commiluoners may not be able to obtain information, or to know who are the person or persons who may conceive themselves entitled to claim au interest therein, or in any part thereof, or on whom to serve proper notices

'] G 2 of

Jttry to value fifd* wa'ac ground according to t s present state.

Said ground, wUc.t pur-ch ifatl, shall be veiled »n commiiEou* cr;.

U may be ctifica’t know v.h j i;

i-ltr; III

(Yd 'rrucr.J:

D.,

' >797*-Chnp. 56.

CommiC-. onci s may f?1l. or let in lot* for building, as they carry 00 the wirk;

rents to be paiJ to col* jeftor of Droghv;!.-*, toward-, improvin'* t '-.c r-on and harbour.

Noiic: of Icuii'-s or fell. i,g ground.

10 lie foiled OtT.udlJ Diu-. 1'cll're

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

of. their intention to Ipurchase the fame for the purpose aforesaid, be it enacted, that it shall be deemed a sufficient notice to all persons interested therein, that the said commissioners shall cause such their intention of purchasing the fame, to be published for the space of twenty-one days in the Dublin Gazette, and Drogheda Journal, and that they shall cause notice thereof to be also- polled -on the Tholfel.door of Taid town, for the said fpnee of time, and that all and every part of -such waste ltrand pr ground as shall not he claimed by any perfo-n or persons-'Cor the space :-of twenty-one days thereafter, shall bc-and tile ftmc is-hereby-vetted'in the said commissioners and their fneccffors, for the purposes aforesaid, and that the said commissioners shall have all and every the - powers of wailing in, filling and levelling, and afterward? -disposing of the fame, for the use arid purpose aforesaid. -as-if tire fame had been claimed by any person or persons. and purclnfed by said coni mi Timers, either by agreement or by the award and valuation of a jury impannelled for that purpose, and that the said commissioner; shall be for ever after freed and exonerated from any claim of right, title, orintercll of any person or persons of, in, or to the said ground, which shall not be made within the time hereby limited and appointed.

V. And be it further-enacted, That as the said commissioners shall proceed in carrying on the work, and in walling in and levelling the ground, they shall be and they are hereby empowered to fell, or to let ill perpetuity, and afterwards to foil.and dispo'fc of such part thereof in convenient lots for building ltoufes or (lores to front to the river Bay lie; and that all-money arising from the rents or falc thereof, shall be paid by the person or persons paying such rents or purchase money into the hands of the coUedtor of the part of Drogheda, and-become a part of the fund for improving the port and harbour of said town, for the purpose of enabling-the said commissioners to extend the quays of frai town, and to add to the accommodation of the shipping and trade thereof.

VI. Provided always, That before any part of fan! ground after it be walled in and filled up, shall he let or ioM, as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall cause notice to he-potted of tbs letting cr falc thereof, as the case may be, oil

The thirty-seventh Year of George III. t S c

the Tliolfd door of said town, ten days at the lead before A.D. the day of letting such lots of ground, or before the file r797-thereof, and that fuel) lots of ground thrill be let or sold by public!: auction, at the Tholfel of said town, and not other- which ft wife.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a.wf.ch rdl houses, (lores, or other buildings which shall be creeled on the said intended tuny, and in front to the river, thrill crc,!ca. form a straight line from the present custom-house-quay, to the first jetty which (lands can of the town of Drogheda, and on the north fide of the river Boyne, and shall range cx-adly with the two dwelling-houses on said quay which (land cast of the custom-house, and that the intended quay wall if carried on to that extent, shall be continued in a (Iraiglu line, parallel to the houses or other buildings so to be creeled, and at the distance of ninety feet from such houses or buildings.

VIII. And whereas the duties appointed by the (ltd recited act for improving the port and harbour of Drogheda, were granted for the term of twelve years from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and will consequently expire on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and two, if not renewed by a grant for a further term: and whereas great improvements have been made in the navigation of said port and harbour, but the unexpired term of said grant, will prove insufficient for the purpose of completing the works intended to be carried on, so as effectually to fix, confine, and deepen the whole of the channel of the river, between the said town of Drogheda and the sea, be it therefore enacted, that the said first recited act, so far as relates to the levying and colleding the duties of tonnage on ships thereby granted, shall be in force for twelve years from the twenty-fifth day of March, in this present year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners appointed by and under the said first recited act, for carrying the fame into execution, be and they are hereby empowered to draw on their treasurer for such sum or films of money as may be necessary to defray the expences of this act and that the said treasurer be, and lie is hereby empower.d to nav the fame, which shall be allowed in his accounts.

D f*V

5-J 5-

wj:i- P.r.mtdd tV \7. y from ivl.i.

1700.

rnjMov*-m.".us In tv bc’i\ m.u’,:, b: tli —

-’-I rime

tvin h" jr, ci'-Til tt> cr.V.-

pvf tin work*.

7.0 0. 3.

> il asuS.i'.vi tO tOTl,£e

011 liur-i, rtuJI be in force

12 ictrs from Mar. K97-

Cu on era may d-avv on ireafwer fur VX V JUVi 1A till, i1.!

5Si 7’he thuly-fe-jcnlh Year s/" George III.

A.D.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, *797* That this act shall he deemed, adjudged and taken as a publick act, and tliall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpc-eially pleading the same.

Frcimtile.

V'e’f.ns who luve incurred jienaUics or incapacmrs under the 2d of Anne, by wiMcfUn^ to quality aic hereby indemnified.

;‘vi- ?ot yet "toided dull not be quel", tinned by ijch neglect.

son< ihjll take tlu'o.uhs *c. on url)2t ue i J in 1-9#.

CHAP. LVII.

An act for the Relief of Fnfons who have omitted to qualify iliarfkcs according to Law.

WHEREAS several persons well afieQed to his Majesty's government, and the church of Ireland, as by law thablish-cd, may'have through ignorance neglected or been prevented by sickness, or other unavoidable caules, from taking and substribing the declaration, and from receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and delivering a certificate thereof according to the directions of an act passed in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, and may thereby have incurred great penalties, therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by ami with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons who have incurred any penalties or incapacities in the said act, entitled, An act to prevail the further growth of popery, mentioned by neglecting to qualify tbcmselves according to the said act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed ami discharged from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures and penalties incurred by reason of such omission or neglect as aforesaid; and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such neglect or omission, but all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared to be as good and effectial as if all and every such person and persons had taken and subscribed the said oaths, and received the said sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated and subscribed the said declaration at such time, place, and manner as is therein mentioned, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding,

II. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said declaration, in such manner and form, and in such place

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

and places as are directed and appointed by said act to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of January, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained O’.all not extend to restore or entitle any person or persons to any office or employment already,actually avoided by judgment in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already filled up by any other person, blit that fitch oiiice or employment shall be, and remain in the person and persons who is or are now entitled by law to the lame, as If this act had never been made.

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to Hackney and other Carriages, flying in the City of Dublin, its Suburbs and Libel.ties, and within Seven Miles thereof.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in this kingdom, in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty Ring George the second, entitled, An Act for making more effectual the several acts faffedfor repairing and amending the fuccls and highways in and about the city of Dublin; and whereas an act of parliament pad'et! in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act for more cjfedually amending the public roads; and whereas one other act of parliament passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for better regulating the 'FoundUng-hafpilal and Work-hoitfe in the city of Dublin, and encreafng thefund for the support thereof, also for making a provision for appointing a locum tenens, in case of the death or absenct of the lord mayor, or the pre-fidenl of the court of conscience; and whereas one other act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Ills present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the yearly films therein mentioned, and for the better support of the Foundling-hojfiital and Work-hot-fe in the city of Dublin, and for increasing the funds thereof; and v. icreas another act of parliament passed in the thirteenth and four.^cath vpars of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for paving the streets, lanes, quays, bridges, fjuarcs, courts, and alleys, within J-H ! the

5 S3

A.D.

Not to re-floictn oiiices-already avoided w filled HJ\

Rcciul 29

G. 3.

5c-3

11 & 12 G. 3.

13 & 14G.5.

ir.oth'T :..t *’ n & i.3.

Ti.c thiriy-fc-jemb Year of George III.

A. IX city and county of ibc city of Dublin, and other pnrpofs relati ve to IT07- the fad, city of Diiihn, tin ether /daces therein particularly mciitkn-ed; ai-J whereas one o’her act passed in the fifteenth and fifteenth jj.viC'G.j. year1! of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, A;: nil for amending an abt, [njfed in ibc eleventh and twelfth years of hi: present Ma-jefy s legit, entitled, -hi act for letter regulating the Fotmding-ho/fiial end Worh-binfe, in the city of Dublin, and iucrcefng tie fund for theftpport thereof also for making a provision for appointing a locum tenons, in case of the death or absence of the lord mayor c. 3- or pres.dcutof the court of coif deuce; and v/hereas one other act passed in the twenty-filth year ofi the reign of his present P.-Iajesty, entitled. An act for the completing andtjfactually lighting and watching of lintlaiid-f/uarr, and for the better fuphort and maintenance oj the hospital for the relief of poor lying-in women, in the city if Dnb. cr.oAer act of //^ a!, J f,r other purpfes therein mentioned; and whereas one r> J other act of parliament passed in the twenty-lifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the belterfeffort and 6 G. }. maintenance of the FaundHug-h'fnital; and whereas one other act < of parliament passed in the twenty-sixth vear of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act fen explaining and farther amending the several ail i heretofore faffed for the improvement of the city if Dublin, by mating wide and convenient fafapes through the fime, another ail of and for other jair[:oses; and whereas one other act of parliament palfed in the twenty-hxth vear of the reign of his present ?Majesty, entitled, An act for the iw/r-vcnienl of the city of Dublin, and the environs thereof by the better paving, lighting ami ebaanjing the fame; and whereas one other act of parliament palfed in the twen-ty-seventh year of the reign of his present tVi.ijesty, entitled, An abi for the better regulation if hackney carriages, hackney jhians, and porters flying for hire in the city of Dublin, or within [even miles thereof, and for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties, from the governors of the Foundling-hospital and Worl-house in the said city, to the commissioners of police; and whereas also one ether act of parliament was passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for more tjfeSually preserving the peace within the city of Dublin, ami the di/lria of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial watch in the confusion has said city: And whereas great confusion hath arisen, and may arise multiplicity of from the multiplicity of the said acts, and the powers given and granted in and by them, have been found not entirely sufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended; therefore be it enacted by the King’s mofl: excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-I mons

:6 G. j.

a7C. 3.

4J-G-3.

; feiil acts:

7hi thiriy-fevealb Year of George III. 5S5

mons in tills present parliament act'cmliled, and by the aut'.urtty 1). of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth day cl June C\ ' f

next, I’uch parts of the said hi rein before recited acts cf parliammt __!xiT'

as in any wise relate to hackney and other carriages, job buries, '> ci

and sedan chairs, within the <.try of Dublin, its fnbnrbs and liberties, and within seven miles thereof, fiiali, and the lame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from raid after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ( the superiutendant magi finite for the preservation of tile peace '" 'J1' within the distriQ: of the metropolis, from time to time, shall have m Ki power and authority, and b

from time to time, and at all times to licciife all such persons as find! own, keep, or drive any hackney coach, landau, Vo; chariot, poil-ehaifc or herlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or !l

[Junk removed.]

is hereby empowered and required

person or -\‘.1 '/'"'o. ‘ 0! pili c:.r-

[Junk removed.]

of

more hurfes, or other beads plying in the ilreets, am! carrying Ibr hire any person or persons within the said city, liihurbs, ant! liberties, or from, or to any part thereof, to or from any place not exceeding the distance of (even miles from thence, or plying as a stage from the said city or liberties to any place not exceeding the difiance of seven miles from thence; and also all such persons as shall own, keep, drive, or let out for hire, within the said city, suburbs and liberties, by the day, week, month, year, or otherwise, any coach, landau, chariot, post-chaise, berlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or more horses, or other beads in the way of job, for the foie life of particular persons redding or l'o-journing within the said city, suburbs or liberties, or within seven miles thereof, and which shall not ply for publick convenience; and also all such persons as shall own, keep, drive or let out for hire within the said city, suburbs or liberties, any liorfc or horses, or other head or beads, to draw' any coach, landau, chariot, pod-chail'e, ber-lin, or other carriage, in the way of job, for the lole use of particular persons, redding or sojourning within the said city, suburbs and liberties, or within seven miles thereof; and also nmlmvnmor all such persons as shall own, keep, drive or let out for hire, any i^feor dearie or mourning-coach, plying within the said city, and liberties, or from or to any part thereof, to or lrom any place not exceeding the dist.mce of seven miles from thence; and also all am! owners of such persons who shall own, keep, drive, or carry any hackney chair, or sedan iob chair, or sedan, within the said city, suburbs, cnJ.Cilr!’

" . . cfi-itiat, S:C.

or liberties, or any Rings-end car, chair, cl.aise, chatfe-marine or

Other carriage drawn by one or more liovles, or other bead or beads, for the use of carrying for hire, or by way of job, any per-

suburbs muu;nin8

cuaches;

or cnrs, &c. carrying

:>«i!i!inr nw-or old

f.nJ owners of private fe-dans.

Coaches, &c. not to exceed 3C0. sedans 400.

sums to be paid for li-confes:

for every hackney coach, See. drawn by 2 or more horses;

and every job-carriage drawn by 2 or more horses;

TU tkirls-seventh Year of George III.

f.in or persons within the said city, suburbs and liberties, or within seven miles thereof; and also ail persons whoilisl! own, keep, or drive, any cart, car, dray, or othet carriage, plying or carrying for hire, any load taken lip within the said city, suburbs and liberties, or within three miles thereof, or any cart, car, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any brewer, builder, architect, carpenter, (lone-cutter, quarry-man, brick-layer, brick-burner, lime-burner, plaisterer, scavenger, factor, person dealing on commidion whatsoever, and employed within the lititi city, fuburtis, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, by stich persons in (itch their respecttive trades or occupations, or in the carriage of any matter or thing fold, used or employed, or to be sold, used or employed, or that is usually carried, fold, used nr employed in fitch respeiflive trades or occupations; or any cart, car, dray or other carriage, that shall bring, carry or remove into the f.tid city, suburbs or liberties, or out of the fame, or remove from any part of the said city, to any place or distnnee whatsoever, be it for hire, sale, or otherwise, any bricks, (tones, sand, gravel, lime, or other materials, employed or made tile of in building or paving, or that shall remove any building rubbish, earth, or other (tuff, taken out of foundations of houses, which are or shall he building, or intended to be built within said city, suburbs, or liberties, or old materials of houses that shall be, or have been pulled down, or have or shall have fallen down within said city, suburbs, or liberties; and also all fitch person or persons who Avail keep or ule within said city, suburbs, or liberties, any private chair, or sedan, for his or her own use.

III. Provided always, That the number of all common hackney coaches, landaus, chariots, post-chaifcs, or berlins, so to be Ii-confed as aforesaid, Avail not exceed three hundred, and that the number of common sedan chairs to he licensed, shall not exceed four hundred; and for every such license to he granted as aforesaid, there shall be paid the following sums respectively; that is to say, for each and every hackney coach, landau, chariot, pod-chaise or berlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or more horses, or other beads plying in the streets, and carrying for hire, any person or persons within the said city, suburbs and liberties, or from or to any part thereof, to or from any place not exceeding the didance of seven miles from thence, or plying as a dage from the said city or liberties, to any place not exceeding the didance of seven miles from thence; and also for every coach, landau, chariot, pod-chaise, berlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or more horses, or other beads in the way of job, for the sole use of persons redding or sojourning within the said city, suburbs, or Iiber- ties,

’The iuiriy-ftvni'Jj Year of George III.

lie.', or within seven n.iics thereof, and which shall not ply for publick convenience; r.nd for each ami every pair of jo!> horses, or other beads, employed in drawing every bud'. hackney coach, job coach, landau, chariot, pod-chaitc, cr be.lln, or ether carriage, it) ihc way ol joh, for the foie use of particular perform residing or iu|ourning within the said city, suburbs and liberties, or within fevLII miles thereof; and for each amt every liearfe and mourning coach plying vlririu the said city, fubtiib;, ami Hilaries, or from or to any part thereof, to or from any place not exceeding the i.hhance of ieven miles from thence, to the said fupcrinteiui.mt magistrate ior the time being, or to his officer appointed for that purpose, under his hand and leal, the sum of five pounds, by way ol hue for every such license; and for every lieenle for every hackney chair or l'edan, job chair, or fedar., within the said city, fub-tirbs or liberties, the sum of ten Ihiliings, by tvay of line for fuel: lieenfe; and for every license for every Rings-cnd car, chair, chaifc, chaile-inarine or other carriage, drawn by one or more horse, or other bead, and plying for, and carrying for hire, or byway of job, any person or persons within the said city, suburbs and liberties, or within seven miles thereof, the sum of one pound toil Ihiliings, by v.ay of line lcr every such license; and for every licensc lor every cart, car, dray, or other carriage, plying or carrying for hire, any goods, merchandizes, or other load, taken up within the said city, suburbs or liberties, or within three miles thereof, the sum of twenty ’shillings, by way of line for such license; and for every license for every dray, cart, car, or other carriage, set up by, or belonging to any brewer, builder, architect, carpenter, (lone-cutter, brick-layer, lime-burner, -plaisterer, fca-venger, factor, person dealing on commission, merchant, trader, manufacturer or artificer, and employed in said respective trades or occupations, or employed in the carriage and delivery of any goods or commodities within the said city, suburbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, the sura of twenty shillings, by way of fine for every such license; and for every such license for every cart, car, dray or other carriage, drawn by one or more horse or other heads, and employed in drawing into the said city, suburbs, or liberties, or out of the fame, to any didance whatsoever, any bricks, dones, /and, gravel, lime, or other materials dually employed or made use of in building or or paving, or in removing front any part of the said city to any other part thereof, or out of the city or into the fame, any bricks, Hones, gravel, lime, building-rubbjlh, earth or other duff, taken out ol foundations, or old materials of houses, the sum of twenty shillings, by way of 7 I line

5s? A.D.

1 797 Chan. rS,

me w.

Sbr

every dray, cr.rr, car, &o.

hrcvvrrs, builders, &c. 20l.

every car.

Sec. drawn b*. i or more bead*, drawing building t-r paving nia-icrials, 2c?.

S3 The shirty-sevenib Year of George III.

A.D.

fine Tor fuel', licence; and for every llccnfe for every cart, car, 17:)1- dray, or other carriage, drawn by one horse, or other beast, :nl employed as afire said in drawing for hire, fa!e, or olherwile, into every car, the Aid city, suburbs or liberties, or out of the lame, to any dif-

f'C tvisb I r t

horfs, lira#- t.mce v.lutsoever, any bricks, Hones, fund, gravel, lime, or other ’’ matciials employed or made use of in building or paving, or in re-

noicrnn for moving in any part of the said city, or into, or out of the i.i:ne, l,k’ or any part thereof, any bricks, Hones, find, gravel, lime, building-rubbish, earth, or otiier fluff, taken out of foundations or old materials of houses, the sum often shillings. by way of fine for every for every pri- such license; and for every license for every private sedan chair, kept or tifed by any person for his or her own life, the Aim of two pounds live shillings and fix peace, by way of fine for every such lieenfe, before any such license shall be granted respectively, and delivered.

Sni.l liccn-fti may l>c granted fVr 21 ycaijaficr payment, srni iSall he trans-frrable and devisable.

ill. izs. a

year shall be

paid for eve. ry coach,

&*c. and for every pair of job hors-’b, licensed, and for every liearfe and mourning, coach; for every hackney-coach or redan, job-chair or sedan, 10s. a year; for every ringfend car, cliaife, &c.

»1. 2s. for every cart, car, &c. plying for hire, within 3 miles of Dublin, ll. 25.

every brew, er’s dray, &c. *1. 125.

IV. And be it enacted, That the several and respective licenses herein before particularly mentioned, shall and may be granted by the superintendant magistrate, after the payment of the several am! respective fines before directed, for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, and shall he transferable and devifcable by the parties to whom the same shall be granted, their executors, administrators, and assigns, in manner herein after mentioned, and under the rent and covenants to be contained in the deeds or instruments, granting such license respe£Hvely.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That upon every of the said licenses for every hackney-coach, landau, chariot, post-chaise or berlin, or other carriage, joh-coach, landau, chariot, post-chaise, berlin, or other carriage, and for every lieenfe for every pair of job-liorl’es, employed in drawing every such carriage, and for each license for every hearse, or mourning-coach, there shall be reserved, and made payable unto the superintendant magistrate, and to his fucccftbr, the yearly rent or sum of eleven

pounds twelve shillings sterling; and for every hackney-coach, *' or sedan job-chair, or sedan, the yearly rent or sum of ten shillings; and for every license for evfcry rings-end car, chair, cliaife, or cliaife-marine, or other carriage drawn by one horse, or other beast, the yearly rent or sum of one pound two shillings; and for every license for ever)' cart, car, dray, or other carriage, plying or delivering for hire any goods, merchandizes, or other load, taken up within the said city, suburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, the yearly rent or sum of one pound two shillings; and for every license for every dray, cart, car, or other carriage set up by, or belonging to, and employed by any brewer, the yearly rent

The thirty-fevinth Year of George III. 589

rent of one pound twelve shillings; and for every license for every A.D. cart, car, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any builder, art hi- 1797-teci, carpenter, llone-cmt-.i', bricklayer, brick-burner, lime-burticr, plaisterer, feavenger, f aft or, person dealing on Commission, mer- <»')-cart, chant, trader, inainifjfturer or artificer, the yearly rent or sum of one pound two shillings; and for every cart, car, dray or other hff'" carriage, that shall be employed in drawing into the said city, (ub- [vm can, urlif, or liberties, or out of the lame, any stones or bricks, or any material tifually made use of for building, or paving, or in I1"1'1 or removing any brick, stones, (and, gravel, or lime, from any part fu. building of the said city to any place or distance whatsoever, building rub-; bifii, earth, and other litifl, taken out of foundations, or old ma- drawn by

# , more ihnn

tcrials of houses, tb.ere limit be paid it drawn by more than one unr iwrfc, bead, the yearly rent or (inn of one pound two shillings, and if ia,." on!-.- hv one bcaft, the yearly rent or sum of seventeen shillings horl'-'; only; and for every private sedan-chair, kept by any person, for his or her own use, the yearly rent, or sum of ten shillings, the rj‘v'1tr said several rents to he paid quarterly, on the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of Septem- quarterly, her, and twenty-fifth day of December, with such covenants, conditions, and provisoes in every such license to be inserted for the more effectual payment thereof, or better regulation of the persons receiving such license, and their affigr.s respectively, as the said superintendant magistrate for the time being, in his discreiion shall think fit.

VI. And be it enacted, That no person, who is, cr hereafter may be possessed of any license or licenses, shall transfer or assign the fame, except by devise, to any person or persons, without the with

consent and approbation of the superintendant-magistrate first had out conlem and obtained for the purpose, but that every such assignment or transfer, shall he endorsed upon the deed, granting such license, tobecndorC-and be signed by the superintendant-magistrate so consenting, and cd’by'sup?" also by the person accepting of such assignment, and if any person pC’^,"n|Jc shall assign any license contrary to the true intent and meaning cqains. hereof, such assignment shall be void, and the license thereby void, ar..I!;-] assigned, shall be forfeited to the said superintendant-magistrate.

Vn. And be it enacted, That an entry he made of every grant Etmlcs of assignment, transfer, devise of or change of property in every bemideio such license, in a numerical book or books, to be kept by the collector of carriage duties, within one month after such grant, by collcc-assignment, transfer, change of property in, or devise, which hTdirettclT entry shall be signed by, or have the mark of every such

Vol. XVIII. 7 K grantee,

Licci'fcs not to be transferred

59° A.D. 1797.

Form of entry ofaf-Ugnnient or devise.

6d.Fee to collector.

free access - to books.

Form of entry when possession comes by death of former owner, ir.tcf-tate.

If such entry be not made within a month, pofftflor shall forfeit year’s rent; and if not made in 3 months, Hccnfc shall be void.

arrears to be paid oil' before consent ts given.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

grantee, assignee, devisee or person becoming possessed of the fame put. thereunto, in the presence of the said collector, who shall countersign the fame, and be made in the following words:

A.B. of in the city of Dublin, or liberty of

or of in the parish of and

barony of doth register a grant, alignment, or devise, (at

the case shall happen to be) of a license to keep No.

dated the day of one thousand hundred and for the making of which entry, the sum of six-pence and no more, shall be paid to the said collector, to which book or hooks, every person concerned Khali have free access at all times without fee or reward, and in case where any person or persons shall have obtained possession of any such license, by means of the right to the possession thereof, having devolved upon him, her, or them by the death of the former right owner intcllate, then the entry thereof 'shall be in the following words.

A.B. of in the city of Dublin, or liberty of

or of in the parish of and barony

of doth register a license to No.

which came unto by the death of inlcjlate,

entered this day of one thousand

hundred and

And in case no such entry shall be made within the space of one month after such grant, assignment, devise or change of property, every such grantee, assignee, devisee, or person becoming possessed of, or using the fame, shall upon such failure, forfeit the full sum of one year’s rent of such license, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after mentioned, and in case no such entry shall be made within the space of three months after such grant, devise, or assignment, or change of property, then every such grant, devise, or assignment, or title to the possession, shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void, and every such license shall be forfeited to the said superintendant magistrate: provided always, that no such consent or approbation shall be given, and no such entry made, until all arrears due upon such license, be first paid oif and discharged.

The thlvly-seventh Year of George III. 591-

VIII. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fourth day of A.D. June, one thousaiul seven hundred and ninety-fevep, no person '7'J7-shall own, keep, or drive any hackney-coat h, landau, chariot, Cin'p’ 5 8-polt-chaise, berlin, job coach, landau, chariot, post chaise, berlin, lo. t>,n.iliy Or other cartage, drawn by two or more beads, or to own, keen, *’r -:eept»jt a

o f / ’ " ’ !uCK’n‘y or

diive or let cut for hire, any horse or hoifes, bead or beads, in H- arrujt, the way of job, or to otvn, keep, drive, or let out for hire, any

hearse or mourning eoach, required to be licensed as aforesaid, jjf'j.*'* without such license being first obtained from the said superintend- mourning ant magistrate, under the penalty cf ten pounds for every such offence; or to own, keep or carry any hackney chair, or sedan 5i penalty job chair, or sedan required to be licensed as aforesaid, without 1

such license being f.rlt obtained under the penalty of five pounds job Mm. for every such offence; or to keep or use any private chair or livcnfe sedan, required to be Licensed as aforesaid, without such license, apo'aie

1_li-danasl.

undci the penalty 01 twenty pounds for every such offence; or to own, keep or drive any ringfctul car, chair, chaise or chaifemarinc, "0® dif jfe required to he Licensed as aforesaid, without such license, under the 40S-penalty of forty shillings for every such offence: or to own, keep,

1 1 , t , so-- Coraci!r

or drive any cart, car, dray, or other carnage, employed in the belonging to

liilfmefs of a brewer, builder, architect, carpenter, stone-cutter,

quarry owner, bricklayer, brick-burner, lime-burner, plaiderer,

scavenger. factor, person dealing on commission, merchant, trader,

manufacturer or artificer, without such license, under the penalty

of thirty shillings for every such offence; or to own, keep, or 20s.for.-my

drive any other cart, car, dray, or other carriage, for which a li-

confe is directed by this act, to be taken out without such license

being first obtained, under the penalty of twenty shillings for every such offence, which said respective penalties are to be recovered,

and disposed of as herein after directed. '

IX. And whereas the use of narrow wheeled carts, cars and

drays, bath been found to be very injurious to the pavements of oic wheels of the city of Dublin, and to the highways in and about the ncigu-bourhood thereof: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from by 1 horle. and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and liincty-seven, no dray, cart or car, drawn by one horse, to be Licensed by virtue of this act, shall ply within the said city, suburbs, or liberties, or within seven miles thereof, unless the wheels thereof shall be of the breadth of four inches at the lead on the foie, and the streakes set on with flat-headed nails counterfunk, in such a manner as not to rife above the streak; or if any such dray, cart, or car, shall be drawn by two horses, unless the wheels ^rc drawn thereof be of the breadth of seven inches at lead on the foie, and *»?2 hors<:s'

7 K 2 the

592

The ihiriy-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

the streakes set on as aforesaid; and if such dray, cart or car, flu, II 1797 be drawn by more than two horses or other hearts, unless the wheels thereof be of the breadth of nine inches at least on the foie, breadth and the streakes set on as herein before directed, bymorethen X. And be it further enacted, That in every license to be grar.t-a horser. , e() by the superintendant-magistrate of the dirtpft, for any dray, grated afW cart or car, after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-fln]lfcribc’ ^anl^ haven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be infened a ibe breadth clause, specifying the breadth and fhccing of the wheels of the dray, ofivhcdsS' cart or car, so licensed as above described respectively; and that any and5'5 license that shall he granted after said time, 'without filth daide. oiiremife^ shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void, and of no d-deerotd ply- feet, and the dray, cart or car, plying tinder the fame, shall he iiccnl?ll'liJt ' dccmct' as plying without license, and he subject to the penalties herein alter directed agair.il the owners of unlicensetl drays, cart; or cars, and every Inch dray, cart or car, plying or employed, within said city, fubmbs or liberties, or within seven miles thereof, without having wheels of the respective breadths herein before mentioned, shall be considered to all intents and purposes, as plying without license, and he fulijedt to, and subject the owners thereof to all the forfeitures and penalties hereby enacted agaiidl persons plying drays, carts or cars, within the said city, luburls, and liberties, or within seven miles thereof, without license from the said superintendant magistrate.

Abe: 2+

XI. And be it enacted, That after the twenty-fourth day of cam’car, Junc next, n0 cart> car> dray, or waggon belonging to any person &c. shall be or persons whatsover, refidino; within the city of Dublin, or the

tiled viitlim 7 1 0 J

miles of fubtirbs or liberties thereof,' or within seven miles of the said city,

roaib u^lcfs (to be computed from the circular , road, at the rate of two thou-

ilic wheel* bind two hundred and forty yards to the mile,) shall be fullered to

r.t,u ilrcaus 1

arc a> herein be used, drawn, or employed in any street, road, or passage within naiey4oi.rC the’ limits aforesaid, without having the wheels of such car, cart, dray or waggon, if drawn by only one horse or other heart, of the breadth of three inches and an half at the lead on the foie when

worn; and if drawn by two horses or other hearts, unless the wheels thereof shall he of the breadth of six inches at the least on the foie when worn; and if drawn by more than two horses or other hearts, unless the wheels thereof shall he of the breadth of nine inches at the least on the foie when worn; and the streakes on the wheels of the several carts, cars, drays and waggons, set on with flat-headed bolts or nails, ccuntcrfunk in such a manner as not to rife above the tlreak; and if any such cart, car, dray or waggon, after the said twenty-fourth day of June next, shall be

nfed,

593

A. i.).

1707-Chap. 5S'.

The thirty-fever,ib Year of George III.

tiled, drawn, or employed in any of the llroots or pallages in the f.iid city, suburbs or liberties, or within i’even miles thereof, to be computed us aforesaid, without having the wheels of the respective breadths herein before mentioned, or without having the ilreahes let on as aforesaid, the owner or driver of such cart, car, dray or waggon, ILall forfeit and pay the ium of forty shillings for the’ (ole nie and benefit of any person who shall le!/.e the fame, on conviction before tile said fupcrintciuiant mugillrate, or before the directors or commissioners for paving and lighting, appointed under and by virtue of said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled,  An act fr the improvement of the city of Dublin, and the environs thereof, by the better paving, lighting and cleanfng the fame, or before any one of them.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to any carr, car,

or dray, let up and used by the said directors and comiiiidior.ers inrr_to tl-e" appointed by virtue of the said a A. paw. BUjrl-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That F.vs.-y car-every hackney coach, landau, chariot, post-chaise or berlin, job- JJ1’ coach, landau, chariot, post-chaile, berlin, and coach, landau, I'11 j-*'1.’.nnj’t chariot, post-chaise, or berlin, drawn by one or mere job-horses, ! cn J ],< ;i,c hearse, mourning coach, hackney chair or sedan job chair, or sedan, .'"either' ring’s-end car, chair, chail'e or cliaifeinarine, private chair, or fc-

dan, cart, car, dray or other carriage, and job horlcs, liibjcdt to a; I-cl-. v.krc fine for a license byr virtue of this act, or which shall be found ply- vfyfoUi!-'

or employed contrary to the intent and meaning of this act!,

rc

:.l

within the respective limits herein before mentioned, or (in calls r-’-i u/

where no limit has been herein before mentioned) within the said rsMCOT.ir-

city, suburbs or liberties, or within seven miles of the circular road,

without such license being fird: obtained; and every cart, car, dray, 'n!iii.*n, if

or waggon, which shall be found plying, without having the , Wnr,rr.u

wheels of the respective breadths and description herein before en-# t qmre upon

mentioned, whereby the owners, keepers, carrier, or driver of the l=:h> ;<c> fame, shall have incurred any of the penalties aforesaid, shall he seized, and that it Avail be lawful for any person to seize Inch carriage, cart, car, and dray, chair, sedan, job horse or horses, and such carriage, together with the bead or beasts drawing the fame, or such bead or heads, together with the carriage, if any) which they are drawing, with all the harness and accoutred! "s thereunto belonging, to lodge in the house of correction, in t'-e county of the city of Dublin, with the keeper thereof, or in some other convenient place, or the same to deliver to any condable or peace officer which condable or peace officer is hereby reijuircu i nhwith to Vol. XVIII. 7 L lodge

S'94 A.D.

mi-

Chap. 58.

if f cn.'.hica rrc incurred, warrants may In- iiTueil (>r inl<* of rnrii-r.o'Si 1 bcaftS; a> herein, iMilcfs pnid V'itiiin 3 days.

jl. penalty foj innditing fuc!t Seixme,r jrlciiuig, c«r on Ining ci'miticd of tiling car.',

*115, &c.

The thtriy-seventh Year of George III.

lodge the fame in manner aforesaid, and the keeper of the Iiotife of correction, or the keeper of any other convenient place, is hereby required to detain the tame, unless the said several penalties shall lie paid with all colts and charges attending fitch seizure, and the maintenance of ai! and every head or beads so 1’cized, until the said fupciintcmiant magistrate for the time being, or in case, carts, cars, or drays, shall he seized for not having wheels of the respective breadths by this act directed, until the said directors or commissioners of paving, or one of them, or the said fnperintendant magistrate shall enquire into the fame, and all matters appertaining thereto, am! who is and are hereby empowered from time to time to enquire into the said matter, and to examine therei nto all Inch persons as he or they shall think proper upon oath, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to administer, and if.it shall appear to him or them upon such enquiry that any such carriage < r carriages, job horse or job horses, hearle, mourning coach, chair, or fcdatl, head or heads, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, has or have incurred any of the penalties or forfeitures aforesaid, that then lie the said fnperintendant magistrate lor the time being, or the directors and commilhoriers aforesaid, or any one of them, where any complaint shall he made before him or them, or any one of them, shall by warrant under his or their, or any one of their hand and seal, ciircdt the keeper of the house of correction, or the keeper of any other convenient place where the same shall be, to fell any such carriage or carriages, job horse or job horses, mourning coach, or liearfe, chair or sedan, heaft or beads, cart, car, dray or other carriage, liarncfs, or accoutrements; or if any carriage so seized he not a hackney or job carriage, but that one or more of the horses drawing the fame he a job horse or horses, then to fell such job horse or horses with the harness, and by such sale to raise the said penalties due for the said respective carriages, horses, chair, or sedan, cart, car, or dray, or other carriage, together with the cods and charges attending the eizure of the fame, and maintenance of any head drawing the same as aforesaid, and a sum after the rate of one shilling in the pound, rf every such penalty for his trouble in felling the fame, unless the said penalties with the costs and charges shall be fully paid within three days from the date of the said warrant so to he granted as aforesaid.

XIV. And if any person shall hinder or obstruct the seizing or conveying to, or lodging as aforesaid, any such carriage and harness, accoutrements, or sedan, hearse, mourning coach, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, job horse or horses, head or heads drawing the fame, or the sale thereof as aforesaid, or use or offer any

violence

The lh':rly-sevenih Year of George III. 5

violence to any person concerned in making such feiznre or file, A.D. or shall refeue, or arrcinj.-t to rifnie any Inch feizurej be ii fur- 1797-iber enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such jierlon so ^aP‘ 5^. offending, shall upon conviction thereof before the said lupcvin- c -i-mirr trndant nugillrate for the time being, or before any justice of thef h ,.j peace for the said city ot Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin/' 3

or county of Dublin; or in case of complaints again!: jierlons lor iifing carts, cars, or drays with wheels, oihcrwile than as directed by this act, bclorc the commissioners and directors for paving and lighting, or any one ol them, upon the oath of one credible person, which oath fitch fnperintendam magistrate, or judice, or di-reftor, or commissioner, as the case may be, is hereby empowered to administer, forfeit for every such offence the fuin of five pounds, and in default of the payment ot Inch forfeiture immediately on the conviction of Audi offender to be committed by Audi lupuin-tendant magistrate, or judice, or director, or commifliuner to gaol, and there iinprisoned until such tine is paid, or fur three months and no longer.

XV. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in iflV-maj.

case the said Aiperintcndant-magistrate for the time being, or juf-'j,///.

tice of peace for the said city of Dublin, or county of the city of/'j/ jjz

Dublin, or county of Dublin, shall at any time be informed, orc-nmyio

have reason to believe, that any carriage, liearfe, mourning-coach, niljMan.mo!,

chair or sedan, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, job-horse, or

horses, have or has plied, or been driven, drawn, carried, kept,

or employed within the respective limits aforesaid without license,

contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, it Iliad he lawful for the iuperintendant-magistrate, or any judice of peace for the

county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, to fumtnon

every person, whom he or they shall lufpeft to be guilty of any of

said offences, and to enquire thereinto, in manner aforesaid; and if they do

in case such person or persons shall not appear at the time appointed ifor j d/.,

in such summons, provided the said luminous shall have been left

four days before the said day, at his, her, or their usual place of‘"'r may i,c J J coirniituij,

abode, or he, she, or they shall have been personally served there- until they p-y

with, or shall be convicted of said offences, or any, of them, before 2' 'i1^ IV the said superintendant for the time being, or judice as the case may be, then by warrant under his hand and seal, or under the hand and seal of any such judice, to commit such person to bridewell, or any other place such luperintendant-magistrate or judice shall think proper, there to be kept to hard labour, until he, flic, or they shall pay the penalty incurred for said offence, by virtue of this act, and shall also pay to the person or persons informing of 7 I. 2 laid

The thirlj-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

said offence, the i'um of forty fiiiilings, over and above the said 1707. penalties.

C.liap. 38.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

C.irriar.i'i That every carriage of whatever description, and every sedan-eliair, for which a licensa is by this act required to he obtained, shall have iJ; a marie of distinction, expressing the number of such carriage or

sedan-chair affixed thereto, in fitch manner as tl:c superintendant-n;,.r!:'onji;b. magistratefor the time being shall think proper, so that such mark tewi con-’0 of distinction on all job-carriages or iedans, for the life of particu-fiMcucu. iK.m [:ir private persons, shall be put in a less conspietious manner, and

on lutiki.; 1 1

that every hackncy-coach, landau, post-chaile, chariot, berlin, or I^cmo have o;ber carriage, or stage-coach, for which a License is by this act to names amt be obtained, shall constantly, and at all times (bc-fitles the mark

places of ’ .

aV.d.- an or number aforesaid) have painted on the pannel of each door, and

ooti.s, ..c, on t],e fr0Rt ;lnd rear pannel, and every Ringfend car, chair, chaise,

or chaifemarinc, on the rere pannel, where arms or cyphers are

usually painted, the ciiiiftiaii and surname of the real owner or

keeper thereof at full length, together with the place of his abode,

in plain large legible letters, and also on each of the fide pannels,

where crells arc usually painted, have painted in plain legible

js.-rfom n!io figures, th.c number contained in the mark aforesaid, and that every

ll^ciMnsS, person who shall blot ceur, deface, change, or lake off the said

I'Mvlio dftice rl; of (;ifi;nftion or figure, or any of such letters, names or tnrm, nr cm- ° 1

I'lyv carriage, figures, or shall omit to affix Inch mark, or to have the pannels it-.aii he itddJ painted in manner aforesaid, or shall own, keep, drive, or em-«,.T.r.iuej. p|0^ any carr;agC) chair, or chaise, or sedan, without such mark or without such painting on the pannels, where the fame is by this act required, shall he considered to all intents and purposes as having owned, kept, used, driven, or employed the fame without a License, and he subject to the several penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, hereby enacted for such offences respectively.

H«v redan-

XVII. Provided always, That no common, public, or hackney 'umbere? ')C l*confcfl sedan-chair, shall ply within the said city, suburbs, or li-l£,s’ Gerties, or within three miles thereof, that shall not have on the fence, :os. rere, or hinder part, and on each of the fides thereof, a certain cnV foSore ovai compartment five inches in length, and three inches in breadth, yi iicenfe so.- painted in white, with the number of the License painted in letters of black thereon of a reasonable size, the white thereof to lie annually renewed, and the figures kept legible under a penalty of ten shillings for the first offence, twenty shillings for the second, and forfeiture of the said License for the third offence, to be recovered on oath by any person or persons filing for the fame, before the fupcrimcnd'aiit-magistrate for the time being, who is hereby

I

The thir!y-seventh Year of George III. 51,7

by required on conviction, to issue his v.mrrnnt npainst the good*- A. 0.

oi the oftemier, for recovery of the penalties aforesaid, or any 01 17f>7*

Chap.

litem.

XVIII. And whereas persons may obtain lieenlcs for keeping

hackney coaches, landaus, chariots, port chains, stage-coaches, anil other carriages, or fed. 11-chairs lor hire, in ami about lite I aid. city and liberties, and may not put tip hackney coaches, or other carriages, or feil tn-chairs, confbimable theieto, v.-iic-icby the public will be deprived of their ole anil convenience; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That any persons who fhiili obtain or re- --v. ccive a license fot keeping a hackney coach, landau, chariot, poll-chaise, fiacre-coach, or other carriage, cr hacknrv feilatl-chair, for '.ry-.a.lage.

_' «I'O i'll . |.0I

public use, and shall not within one month alter obtaining or re- kcc, no. ceiving such licenl'e, keep and maintain such carriage, or sedan- ih jVic,.

chair, for which luelt iicenle iitall have been granted, for the tile !lui’

7 . 5 , foriK >'

and convenience of the public, and continue so to do, during the un.-Ma-fj. continuance of his or iter license, and who shall thereof be convict- £,!£) "* ed by the oath of one vritness at the lead, before the fttperin-tcndant-magistrate, which oath he is hereby empowered to administer, inall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such neglect, to he recovered by dirt refs and file of the o (Tender’s goods by warrant under the band and leal of the superintendant-magistrate, an;! to be dispos'cd of in manner herein after directed; provided always, 'That In case any person so offending ilial! surrender his license to the superintendaiu-magistrate, such line or penalty shall not be Lvicd.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no person or per- Persons to

fons Hall have at any one time in 'his, her, or their name,

or in the name of any other person in trufl for him, her, haehney.

1 I ’ orj 1> fciians,

or them, more than two such licensetl or hackney'or job- may bi t-

monvd before

chairs, or u-finns, and in'case the fnpcrlntcnclant magmrate rup-maj-.f-shall be info-med, or have reason to suspeff that any person ’iomx or persons has. or have therein offended, it shall be lawful for the superintei.dant magistrate to summon such person or f'aiiitli-

' ... . confes.

persons to appear before him at the time and piacc in such fumiTions mentioned; and in case such person or persons, after such summons, so as the fame be served personally at his cr her own place of abode, twenty-four hours before the time appointed, for his, her, or their appearance, shall ne-gledl to appear without some reasonable cause for so doing, or if after appearance it shall be found by confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible tvitness or wit-Voi,. XVIII. 7 M nesses,

-598 shirty-fepenth Year of George III.

A.D.

ncffes, or other due proof,' ilia't such person or persons have x797* so offended, which oath the Paid superintendant magistrate 'for the time being is hereby empowered to administer, every person so offending, shall forfeit all the licenses for chairs or sedans granted to him or her, by virtue of this act, or which-he or (lie shall be entitled unto by devise, alignment, or oth'erwife, and such lic.crifrs shall be null and void.

Rent 10

XX. And be it enacted, for recovery-of the rent referred

rear, may be upon the Paid fevera'l licenscs, 'That in case the fame, or

-Ircfi? Md'if"' any pa'rt thereof, shall be in arrear for the space of ten

days'mvners ^a^’S P,^er aI1y l'IC aPP°'ntCC' for payraCnt of tllC may be com-'fame, it shall be lawful for the superintendant magistrate to

’ levy, the fame by distress and Talc of the goods of the owner of such lieenfe, by warrant under his hand and fcnl,.and in

case the same shall be behind and unpaid by the space of . twenty-one days after any of the days appointed for. payment of the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the super-intepdant magistrate to commit the owner to ‘p'rifon,'-to be confined until the fame and ail cods attending..the non*

: if unpaid 31 payment thereof be fully paid and . satisfied; and in case , Jiiatiijc voitC.the- fame shall be unpaid for or by the space of thirty-one - 'py-tays after any of the days appointed for the payment there-.

ail arrears, of, ;that then the Paid licctise or licenscs so granted diall be more dun forfeited, and become null and void; and before a.'new Ii-

mw’ cciifc or licenscs shall be granted to fuel) person or persons gria'cd-'C -so.neglecting to pay by the'time or times aforesaid, he, (lie, ,or they,-(halbpav not only all arrears of rent due at the lime of forfeiting such lieenfe or licenses, but shall also pay for such new: lieenfe or licenscs, one-fourth more than fcp.-awg. was paid for the lieenfe or licenses so forfeited; Provided arrear>Casf 'that nothing herein contained flia.ll prevent the superintendant herein men- magistrate from time, to'time, from proceeding against the owners of.an.y. carriage or carriages, forfeiting his or their . lieenfe or licctvfcs, for the recovery of all arrears of rent by the remedieE'hfcretn before mentioned or otherwise; and that the-superinteridant magistrate may, (if he tliin-ks-proper) re-fiife to grant a new-lieenfe:or licenses to any person or persons:\vho shall have forfeited'any lieenfe or licenses: granted hyfvirtuc oTthisaft.

Snp.no- iiXXi; An’dr:bo it enacted, That itThall be lawful for the

gillraie mi)’ ’

incrpiifc ftiperintendant magistrate; in case he Hiall fee occasion, from time to time, to alter andincrease the fines to be paid, or

2 the

titnrd. or ctiicrniic,

r.nil may. jc* fnfe new licenses.

The tfnrty-Je’Osnth Year '.J George III.

the rents to be reserved upon the licenses by him granted under this ail; provided the fame he not increased above one-fourth part more than tire fines and rents herein before particularly mentioned and expressed: and to make such rules, orders, and regulations for the purpose as to him firall fetm meet; and to alter, vary, amend, or annul the fame; provided every such alteration, rule, order, am! regulation respecting the fines or rents so made, by the ftipcr-intendant magistrate, shall be approved of by the lord chancellor,- or lords commissioners of the great fe^tl,' and the chief judges, or any three of them.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall he lawful for the superintendant mrgif-trate Irom time to time, to settle, regulate, and ordain the several rales of carriages, earls, cars, drays, and sedans, and fares to he demanded and taken, and weights to.be carried'by every ear, cart, dray,- or oilier carriage carrying for hire, within the limits of their respective licenses as aforesaid; provided every regulation and alteration from time to time-.bc lirft approved' of in manner aforesaid, before they can be valid and take place.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th'at every lowback car, or other carriage drawn by one bead, and that shall carry for liir.c any person or persons within the salt! city, fnhurhs and liberties, or within seven miles thereof, shall take out the fame licensc with, and be cc-nfidcred to all intents and purposes, as the owner, keeper, or driver of a Ritig’s-end car, and be subject to every order, provisoc-, regulation, penalty, and forfeiture enacted, ordained, or efinblished by this pvefent act, or to be enacted, ordained, or establifbvd by virtue thereof, in respect of Ring’s-end cars, chaise or clmife-marine, and the owners,' drivers, or keepers thereof; and if the owner, keeper, driver or carriers of any of said coaches, carts, cars, drays, carriages or sedans hereby directed to be licensed, shall ,.ex-act or.'demand more for his.hire, than the fever.al -rates and fares already settled or’ hereafter to be settled, regulated, ordained :and made by the superintendant magistrate by virtue1 hereof, ior leave his,or their fare without, permission, or etar; bezzlc, make away with, OD.difpQfe of-ian'y-matter or.-thing; committed to him to carry, or who- shall assault.orbabufe his. or theirifarc,'the-.owner or proprietor of any: such coach,' 7 M 2 carriage,

Sen. m.i* rr»;l

to be a P,v' etl of a: before.

tow back cars fobjortto order', penal* ties, &c. if

they carry any

persons for hire,

owners of hackney*c?.r*

riages shall forfeit from 20$ to 40s. for extortion, abuse, fee. if they do not produce the drivers or Cirric/s,

Coo The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

carriage, cart, cir, tiny or fe-'lan, or the grantee, alllgnc.: *797" or devisee of the license obtained for the fame, in case Chap. 5 8. owner Qr proprietor shall not produce to the superintend-ant magiflrale, the driver or carrier thereof when required so to do, shall for every such offence, after being duly summ <n-

cd, and having at lead twenty-four hours notice to appeat thereto, forfeit a film not less than twenty shillings. and not exceeding forty shillings; to be recovered before the fu-perintendant mngiflrntc on proof thereof, on the oath of an;,’

one-credible-'; witness, and to be levied in case the fame he ’ ' not induntly paid, by distress and falc of the goods of the proprietor or owner of any such coach, carriage,

cart, car. dray, or feian, or of the licnife thereof as

aforesaid, by warrant under the hand and fra! of the ftiper-

intendant magistrate, together with one shilling in the pound

to the person levying the fame for his trouble, and to be dif-

aiiver; or p0fed of in manner herein af’er directed; and the driver or

nri t? ‘'/K» 1

cpm.n f’tii carrier of any fuel) coach, carriage, cart, car, Gray, or fe-

r.'.W!: ,c" dan, who shall exa'l or demand more than the rates or fares

'[rllXr not already settled. Or which shall hereafter he settled, or leave

l.a ir.117. ],js nr tjK.;r f:irc withou* tv 'million, or who shall embezzle,

Sil’il lint t’\-

cording 30 make away with, or dispose of any matter or tiling committed to him to carry, or who shall aiTinlt or ahufe his or: their fare, being produced hv the owner or p-n;>rir,or thereof, or appearing before the superintend.int mu idr.itc, shall for evety such offence forfeit the fttm of fort-, shillings, to be levied as aforesaid, and for the use herein after mentioned. or be committed to the house of co-rectiop. ’here to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than seven days, and not exceeding thirty days, at the riifcrction of the said fuprrintendan': magiflrale for the time being.

For.reg>

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-d«a"and pr". (That for the better regulation, and prc(crving decency servation of and order among drivers, keepers, and carriers of conches,

tltctT.cy Jiil # 0 ' \

order r't <lt- s carriages, carts, cars, drays, job-horses or fcdan% Co to

'laffof1' be licensed as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, or which arc

or have been already licensed, and for preventing disttir-

ic. 10 hiad bances, stoppaees, and other inconveniencies in the ffrects,

tuch pcilor.s, 1 0

and amerce and places where such coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, roubles, Ac. j0|3.jlorpes a|1(j sedans fbal) attend, be driven or carried, and for punidling the keepers, drivers, or carriers of any such coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, job-horses, or sedans

plying

The thirty-/event h Year of George III.

ply in; for public use, who ill u 11 refuse to go for hire, w

601 boa A.D.

not aria ill’/ employed and paid for waiting, and for puiii.l;- 179 7-o log any rudenets, infuit, or milbihnvioor in every such coachman, chairman, driver, or carrier, and punishng and awarding damages, and satisfaction for any fraud, disturef tv, or breach of trust, in respect of matters left in such carriages or sedans, or entrusted or given into the care of fuels driver or carrier, it ft a II and may be lawful for the superin-tendant-magistrate, to make such rules, orders, and byelaws, to bind all the persons who stall own, keep, drive, or carry any of the coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, job-horses, and sedans, to be licensed as aforesaid, or who stall obtain any license under this act, and amerce such rcufona-b!e penalties and forfeitures, or to make void, or suspend the license or licenses of every offender, or to subject the drivers or carriers of coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, and sedans plying for hire, to punishment, by fending them to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than seven days, and not exceeding thirty days, so as such rules, orders, regulations, and bye-laws, be approved of by the lord chancellor, or the lords be appruw! commissioners of the great seal, and the three chief judges, °' or any three of them; and after such rules, orders, and j , bye-laws, stall be so approved of, and be printed and polled on the Royal-Exchange, and such other places as the super- ot.i.-r place-., intendant magiflrnte stall appoint, the superintendant raa-giftralc from time to time stall enquire into the breach of ["rawt,!. every rule or bye-law, order, or regulation so made and ap- 2jj,int’ , proved, and into all and every abuse and miftehaviour in <1J"rrett any way relating to all and every such licensed carriages, licensed joh-horses, cart, car, dray, or fodan, and to correct the fame by such ways and methods as he stall think proper, if the fame be not particularly pointed out by this act, or by the said rules and bye-laws.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall refuse Perf®,

n t t r who Jo not

or neglea to pay any owner, keeper, driver, or carrier or pay drivers any such licensed coach, carriage, cart, car, dray, job- who "Injure

horses, or sedan plying for hire, or cut, maim, or injure the horse or horses, bead or heads drawing any such carriage, nwyb° sum-

f /in moneJ before

or the harness, tackling, or accoutrements thereof, it mall fUp. m*g. be lawful for the superintendant magistrate upon complaint 'I*0/ thereof, to grant a summons requiring such person or per- raa'0"-Vol. XVIII. 7 N fons

6oi The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A. E). fons to appear before him at a certain time and place, to >797- answer such complaint, and upon proof being made of the service of such summons at least twenty-four hours before the time appointed for appearance, either personally, or at his, her, or their usual place of abode, then to hear, consider, and examine into the matter of such complaint, and to award reasonable satisfaction to the party aggrieved, for his, her, or their damage and costs, and upon refusal to pay, or make such fa.tisfadion, to grant a warrant under his hand and seal for levying the fame, by distress and immediate sale of the goods of the party again! whom such complaint shall be made.

LicsmVs

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all licenses that have n>re 24 June, keen, or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-im'iu'racir ^tlu^ seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be granted under :!ua i!.- and by virtue of any former act or ac!s of parliament, hereby in part repealed by the governors of the Foundling-hospital, or by any quorum or number of them, or by the commissioners of police, or any two of them, or by the fu-. perintendant magistrate for the district of the metropolis, shall be deemed as good and effectual for the respective terms-in such licenses contained, notwithstanding any clause, matter, or tiling contained in this at! of parliament, that might tend to, or be confirucd to tend to annul the fame

provided nevertheless, that every such license, and the

rn:.-. rnim, person or persons who possess, or shall possess the fame, uuicica. ' Ihitll be subject to all and every the rents payable on the

Sup. i!"S. ;iav :t a!

iimc5 I'uni-nic-n owner:*, clttwrs and

C'.riiiTj,

lortcJtii'g *!ii»

persons who do not attend alter notice

days and limes herein before mentioned, rules, orders, regulations, provisocs, penalties, remedies, and conditions in this at! contained, for or respecting any license or licenses to be granted by virtue of this ail.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the fupcrinlcndant magi lira tc shall have power and authority at all times to summon, call before him, and examine upon oath all owners and directors of hackney coaches, job-horses, and chairs, and all owners and drivers of all chairs, drays, cars, carls, and other carriages, also all owners or carriers of sedan chairs, which ply for hire, a3 he shall think proper, touching any matter or thing in this act contained, or wherein he shall have power by this act to examine and esquire; and in case any person who shall by summons, fcived personally twenty-four hours before the time required for ap-2 pcarance,

The tably-seventh Year of George III. 603

penrar.ee, or by summons in writing left at his, her, or A.D. their ufnal place of abode font days before said day, by 1'97*

fanunoncc! to appear btiore him, shall neglect so to appear, then that any person so neglecting, shall forteit tile film of five pounds, and a new funnnons shall be served, and so as vt

r roi rfi j fuefi

often as lie shall nogle ft to appear, and for every negtcil he argi-ii, or flic shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be reeovered by difirefs and sale of his or her goods by warrant under the hand and seal of the superintendant mag.(Irate; and in r,'r|',is n-lm

' . ip.-li, anil

case any such person appearing before tile superintendant act f-nwmp-magistrate, shall withhold, or refuse to give his or her tef- bcS^i, timonv, or shall upon examination prevaricate or treat the 1^"'",^/ superintendant maaifirate with contempt, insolence, or abtife, it shall he lawful for the superintendant magistrate to impose a fine not exceeding forty shillings on such offender, or by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit him, her, or them to Bridewell, or such other place as lie shall think proper, there to be confined for any time not exceeding three months.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where pe- ’...-.aic,

t tl> IV iCcHVII'

uiniary penalties or forfeitures are innided by tins act, such cj In n.-hv/i, penalties shall be recovered by difirefs and sale of the o(fen- i^a’pafims ders goods, by warrant under the hand aild sea! of the person inflicting such penalties, and that in all cases where the penalty shall be so recovered, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who shall execute the warrant for distress and sale, to deduct out of the money levied over and above the penalty for which the warrant shall be granted, and thecofts attending the fame, the (um of one shilling in the pound 1 in the

c 1 pound above

for his or their trouble, and the overplus after such deduc- pena’tyand lion shall be restored 10 the owner; and that in all cases uouVcof where miles arc expressed in this act, the computation is to

1 r 2240 yard,

be made at tile rate of two thousand two hundred and forty m a mile, yards to a mile, and to begin and he computed from the r°oTcirciilar circular road, surrounding (lie city of Dublin. ro',‘1'

XXIX. And be it enacted, of all pecuniary penalties and Oaemyt-

r ' - ty of poalncs

fufeitures inflicted by this act, and not otherwise disposed tobcp.iL.to of, one moiety thereof in all cases where there shall be an and the" other informer, shall be paid to such informer, and the other moi-e;y to the collector of carriage duties, to be applied by the ’WjJ'd superintendant magistrate, together with all other sums of inaiJo/fundj. money by - this act directbd to be paid- to him- for fines and by 35 Geo. j 7 N 2 rents

604

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

rents of licenses, (except where such fines and rents are otherwise applied) in aid of the funds vested in him, under and by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the thcrcfs'no rel8n of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for more informer, the effifttidily preserving the peace viittyn the city of Dublin, and h applied, the difrift of the metropolis, and efablifking a parochial vialch . in fat'd city; and to be accounted for by him from time to time as other sums received under said act are directed to be accounted for; and that where there shall not be an informer, then the whole of such penalty shall be paid to the said collector for the use aforesaid.

Affirmation

XXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where an oath

of a ijtinkcr

is admtniftcred, or taken by this act, an affirmation mall be substituted in the room thereof, if the person to whom it is to be tendered, be of the people called quakers; and that if any person who shall take any oath, or if a quaker make any

in room of an oath.

persons who swear or affirm falsely

ty oTptrjury. affirmation in consequence of, or by virtue of this act, shall forswear himself or herself, or shall be guilty of wilful perjury, or false affirmation, and shall 'hereof be convicted by due course of law, he or she shall incur and fufier the pains and penalties which by law persons guilty of wilful and corrupt petjury are liable to.

5ol Penalty

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge

for forcing a # 1 0

licrnf:, or or counterfeit any liceufe or licenses to be granted for any of onc,°tokimj^ the purposes aforesaid, or shall ply any coach, carriage, cart, nod liiibriner. car^ ^ray or otsler carriage, job horses, or sedans, before mentioned, and required to be licensed, with any such forged or counterfeit license, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof fir the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to him or her who shall prosecute or sue for the same, such penalty to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at the four courts of Dublin, in which no efloign, protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and that every such person shall be subject to such other pains and penalties as may be infiifted on persons for forgery.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall at any time be sued or prosecuted, or any replevin brought for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

Such persons subject toother pc* ualties for forgery.

persons rued tys for goods taken or distrained under the fame, the de-

for-any thing under this act,

fendant

The thlrty-seventh Year of George III. 605

fendant or defendants may plead the general issue, or avow A.D. generally, that he or they took the f.tid goods for such a sum 1797* of money due and owing to the superintendant magistrate, as a rent or fine for a licensc or litcnfcs, or incurred as a pe- miv plead the nalty or forfeiture, under iitl by virtue of this act, as the 0 "’’ra ",l" case may be, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if upon a trial or trials, verdict tliall pass for the <!ouhi_- coits defendant or defendants, or judgment shall be given against ii'pt-.imi.'I'br the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, discontinue or forbear proceeding in his, her, or their action or actions, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs to him, her or them, awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which costs, lie, file, or they, shall have such remedy as in other cases, where costs are by law given to defendants.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all rules, orders, TC- RiSles nnH gelations and bye-laws, made by virtue of any act heretofore p other aits, in force, and in part by this act repealed, which shall not be incompatible with, or be in substance repealed or annulled by (be 'the provision in that act contained, shall from and after the fulijcato twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and byfop r.f. ninety-seven, be good and valid to all intents and purposes, &c-subject nevertheless to be amended, altered, or made null and void, by the said superintendant magistrate for the time being: provided such alterations and amendment* shall be approved of, in manner herein before directed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the superintendant Sop. n«». magistrate may in cases where any fine, penalty or forfeiture Sr&c?"*' is incurred, or liable to be imposed by virtue of this act, mitigate the fame, according to the nature of the offence committed, as he in his discretion shall judge proper, either by changing or commuting such forfeiture for a fine, or by im-

posing only part of the fine incurred, so that the fine so imposed by way of commutation or reduceraent, shall not be less than twenty shillings, any thing herein contained to the contrary nonvithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas the hospital for the relief of poor ii. ry*- 64.

lying-in-women, in the city of Dublin, requires a permanent wb^-eid for support; be it enacted, That from and after the twenty- '

fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety- 10

seven, there shall be paid to the superintendant magistrate be paid

qtiaricrjy,&c.

for the time being, or to such person or persons as he shall

606 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

A.D.

appoint, and he is hereby authorized and required to colleci and levy the sum of thirty-five shillings and six pence fter--ling per annum, for every sedan chair which any person shall keep in his or her possession in the said city, or within one ' mile thereof, except hackney sedan chairs, or sedan chairs kept by the makers for sale, over and above all other sums herein before mentioned, and payable for the fame; the said additional sum of thirty-five shillings and six pence lterling per: annum, to be paid quarterly, at the like times, and to be collected and received by the like ways, means, and with such powers and authorities, and under finch penalties and . forfeitures as the other annual sums herein before mentioned and made payable to the superintendant magistrate for the time being,'and reserved on the licenses granted on the fame, may be collected and received.

XXXVI. And be it cnatled, That the superintendant magistrate from time to time, shall within twenty-one days, next after each quarterly day of payment of the rents arising pl'dayV!fter from licenses, pay over unto the governors and guardians of the lying-in hospital, or their treasurer, or such other person as they Avail appoint to receive the same, for every license which shall hereafter be granted by him in pursuance of this act, for private sedan chairs kept or used by any person for his or her own use, the sum of one pound fifteen shillings and six pence; and also, all such sum and sums of money as he shall have received on account of the said additional rate of thirty-five shillings and six pence per annum, without any deduflion or abatement whatsoever, save only and except the sum of one (lulling in the pound (lerling, for collecting the fame; and he shall at the same time give unto the said governors or their treasurer, an account thereof, specifying the number of chairs licensed, names of the owners thereof, where refluent, and the arrears of the said additional rate remaining due, signed by the collector of carriage tup. map. duties appointed by the superintendant magistrate, and the account of superintendant magistrate shall so soon as he conveniently fcatbrprirae can, after the passing of this aO, furnish the governors and guardians of the said lying-in hospital, with a list of the several persons who have taken out licenses for private fedar. chairs, specifying the date of every license, and the residence of every person taking out the fame, and shall from time to 2 time

Sup. mag. ;o pay such money to governors of Wing-in hoi'

quarter, deducing is. in the pound for collcttingi and to give an account. Sec.

P.i suns

fioi*- f.trtj.

The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

time, as often as any such license shall be taken on*, furnish the said governors and guardians with a like account thereof.

XXXVII. And be it enaibd, That it shall be lawful to and for any person or persons who shall have any cart, car, cir>- &c

" . . . wng ImiUi.

or other carriage, employed in bringing info the said city, or ,g ."r (.ivinS . . r . f. maiciial.s to

m removing from any part thereof, to any other place, any ort>0>l) bricks, (lones, sand, gravel, lime or other materials, usually employed in building or paving for their own use, and not "J1* for sale or hire, to use any such carriage, without taking out b.mgom-any license; provided such carriages so used without license, ,r"1 J'5'

shall not be employed in carrying any of the materials aforesaid, for any builder or person contraQing to build, or erc£l for sale, or paver or person who shall contrail to pave, for the use of any other person or prisons whatsoever, any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority On death aforesaid, That on the death or resignation of the present of- or officer, (icers, ailing under the superintendanl magistrate, for the re- ap^0"!|?’"'3y gulation of carriages and collection of the fines and rents ari-

sing therefrom, it shall and may be lawful for the superinten-dant magistrate from time to time, by wajrant under his hand and leal, to appoint a proper person to fill the vacancy occasioned by every death or resignation.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, every the clause and clauses therein, and every part thereof,

shall be taken notice of in all courts of law and equity in this kingdom, and deemed a publick ail.

That this act and all and Apabiut

net.

CHAP. LIX.

An Act for granting to the Commissmers for making wide and Convenient Streets in Dublin, the Sums therein mentioned, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

BE it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, That 7 0 z out

1G000l. to be paid out of supplies, to commissioners oMvtJc facets: viz. 3oco!. to pay inteicU.

nooool. to purdialc liouk-s and ground of-pofjte the , cuifom-house.

2000K to-waid> 6955}. -I55. I-Sd. for the premises of R. JJoyd, decayed.

The thirty-seventh IT ear of George III. out of all or any of the supplies granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall and may be iffited and paid to the commissioners lbr making wide and covenient streets in the city of Dublin, the Ann of sixteen thousand pounds for the purposes following, that is tc say, the sum of three thousand pounds towards enabling the said commissioners to discharge the interest- due on the principal Aims for which certificates have been issued by them, for the nurclufc of grounds and houses for opening the avenues on the north iice of the river Liffey, and eastwar'd of Essex-bridge, and the sum ci eleven thousand pounds to enable them to purchase houses and grounds opposite to the custom-house on the north-strand, ami eastward of Mabbot-street, and the sum of two thousand pounds towards enabling the said commissioners to discharge the sum of , six thousand nine hundred and fifty-five pounds fifteen fnsllines and one penny halfpenny, awarded by a jury impannelled by the said commissioners as the value of certain premises, late the property of Robert Lloyd, deceased.

CHAP: LX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to ih: Princess Royal, upon her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of H'irtemburgh.

His Majesty's mef-iiige relative t<fthe marriage of the princess royal:

Most gracious sovereign,

WHEREAS his excellency the carl of Camden, lord lieutenant general and general governor of this kingdom of Ireland, by his meffitge to your faithful commons of this kingdom, hath been pleased to signify that your Majesty having agreed to a , marriage proposed between the ptincels royal, and the hereditary prince of Wirtemburgh, had commanded his excellency to communicate the same to your find commons; and that your Majesty was fully persuaded that the said alliance with a protestant prince so . considerable in rank and Ration, connected with your Majesty's royal family, by their common defeent from the princess Sophia of Hanover, cannot but be acceptable to all your Majesty's faithful subjects, and declaring it to be your Majesty's willl on that occasionto settle a pension of five thousand pounds per annum on -your Majesty's eldest daughter, for her foie and separate use; and 3 that

The thiriy-seventh Year of George III.

609

that from the many proofs which your Majesty had received of A.D. the affectionate attachment of the house of commons of this'king- T 797-dom, to your person and family, your Majesty entertained no doubt of the ready concurrence and aiiiftance of your laid com- resolution of moos in such measures as would enable your Majesty to carry the fame into efleft: And whereas your Majesty's said commons having taken into consideration the said mcffjgc, have unariimously agreed'to enable your Majesty to grant a pension to the said priu-cess royal in manner herein alter mentioned: "Now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your- Majestythat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for hU'iiajsRy your Majesty, from and after the folerrmization of the intended pcAion^f marriage of the said princess royal, with the said hereditary prince -of AVirtemburgh, to grant to, and settle on the said princess royal revai, from 'for her foie and separate use, in such manner ashis Majesty fitall ’

think proper, for the life of the said princess, a pension not exceeding five thousand pounds a year, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to be paid and payable out of the fund, called the consolidated fund, any thing in an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for the support of the honor-and dignity of his Majtflfs crown hi Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment, under certain pnviftons and regulations, to the-contrary thereof'notwithstanding.

11. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant Nottoprc-which shall be made under the authority of this act, shall extend, I

or be construed to extend-to restrain his Majesty from making any any other grant or pension which he may now lawfully do under orp£? the provisions of the said act, until the whole pension lift shall be reduced to eighty thousand pounds, as in the said act mentioned.

fheihit/j-seventh Fear of Xhcorgc III.

CHAP. LXI.

An Act for the further ’Regulation of the Linen arid.Hempen. . Manufactures.

; Rccitnl 17 and i3 Geo.

WHEREAS by. an adpa(Ted in ihc seventeenth and eighteenth i years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act - to explain. and amend an aS pa fed in the third year of the reign of ;his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for the better regulation of the linen and hempen mam failures; it is. amongst: other things entailed,-That all brown or unbleached linen cloths, called or known iby the name of dowlafs Iheetings, or ozenbrigs, manufactured or . made in the provinces, of Munster, or Connaught, may be fold or . exposed to sale in any place in the said provinces, without being sealed: And whereas it is expedient that , all such linens Ihoold be ' sealed as other. linens are required to be, before, they are fold or

exposed to sale;' bc.it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of thelords spiritual andtemporah and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the au-recited cl,ilife thorlt’/ tl'c fame, that all and every: part, of the said recited hereby re- . clause be hereby, repealed, and made null and void; and that from and after the -passing of this act, all brown or unbleached linen doivlaf- cloths, as aforesaid, , called , or known by the name. of dowlafs iheetings, or Iheetings, or ozenbrigs, manufactured or made, or fold or exposed to sale, in the.provinces of-Munster or Connaught, shall be sealed and marked, in like manner, and be subject to the like regulations and penalties for not being sealed.and marked,.as:all other brown or unbleached linen cloths.

II. And whereas from- the great' increase-of the-growth of flax, and the manufacture-of linen in the counties of-Louth and Meath, and the county of the town of Drogheda, one inspector has been

ozenbrigs made in Munster or Connaught,

-shall be foaled, &c.

Trustees may.anpoint one inipcftor for the coun-

comuyot*" found insufficient for the said counties; be it further enacted by

town of Drogheda*

_ and one for ’countyMeath,

the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures to appoint one in-;fpcdpr;for the county of Louth, and the county of the town of 'Drogheda, and one other inspector for the county of Meath, in like manner, and under and subject to the like regulations as are enacted by any law at present in force, respecting any county inspectors by them appointed.

The tlnrty-feoenlh Year of George ID.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether brown or unbleached plain linen cloth, or hempen cloth, or plain cloth made of cotton yarn, or cotton and linen yarn mixed, are by law required to be of equal fineness and thickness throughout every part of the length and breadth thereof; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no piece of brown or unbleached linen, or hempen cloth or plain cioth made of cotton, or cotton and linen yarn mixed, shall be fold, or exposed to sale, or packed up, or entered for exportation, which shall not be of equal or even fineness and thickness throughout' every part of the length and breadth of such piece, upon pain of forfeiting such piece, and also the sum of forty shillings, by the person felling or exposing to sale, or packing up or entering the fame for exportation.

IV. And whereas flax-feed, and hemp-feed, which have been regularly branded at the time of importation, as being found and fit for sowing, have been afterwards fold, or cx-.posed to sale, although such feed may, after the branding thereof, from age, damp, or other injury, have become unfound and damnified4 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any inspector general, or inspector or other officer acting under the fi:id trufl--tees, to examine as often as he shall think necessary, and calk, containing flax-feed, or hemp-feed, although the same shall have been so branded, and if the feed contained in any such calk, shall be found -unbound, damnified, mixed, or in any way unfit for flowing, to require security to be given that the same shall not be sown, or fold for flowing, but be made up into oil, or exported from this kingdom; and if any person shall refuse or prevent any flax-feed, or hemp-feed, from being so examined, or shall, after such requisition made, and until security shall be given, fell, or dispose of, or fufter to be sold or disposed of, in any way, any part of such feed, and shall be convicted thereof upon oath before any magistrate, he or she shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel, or pan of a bushel so sold or disposed of, or permitted to be sold or disposed of, and all the feed remaining, touching which such requisition had been made, and the cask or calks wherein the fame is contained; said sum so forfeited to be to the'use of the iuforiner, and 7 P 2 the

No brown cloth nutlo

as herein, shall he fold or exported, unless of eq idl fueness and thickness and hicknrfV throughout, otherwise forfeited, and 4->».

0-Evtrs miv tx-KTiint c. ir: of fj ix-feed t.r hc.np-feed, altiio’ branded, and may req uire security not tc low danugej feed

pa fort< who prevent Iced fro.n being v.<

and Ml :,uf act.-T. before fccuiity is given, forfeit 20l. a iiullM, ana feed, &c,

;:6i2

A.D.

'797- Chap. 6r.

on nun pay-imMii, often* ders may be committed for 3 months,' of warrants . iiTued for la- 1

vying.

pawnbrokers . who take putgeJ yarn,

or wheels,

reels or looms in pledge, shall forfeit treble

f'Jailices , may issue warrants to search for linen, cotton, yarn, &c. ilolcn from bleachers or others in the ir*dc;

'The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

'the feed so forfeited to be to the use of the said trustees, to be by them disposed of, and the produce applied in such manner, for the encouragement of the officer, as they shall think fit j and on failure of payment of any such fmn so forfeited, such magistrate shall commit the offender to gaol for any time not less than three months, or until the fame fhalhbe paid, or may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress or sale of the offenders goods, as he shall judge most expedient.

V.^And whereas it may tend to encourage fraud, and to lessen the linen manufacture, if purged , yarn, which shall be entrusted to any person to weave, or if any wheel, reel, or loom,.which may have been delivered by the said trustccs, for the encouragement, of the said: manufacture, should be 'permitted to be pawned: be-. it,.enacted by the authority aforesaid, ;That any: pawn-broker, '.who shall -take in as a pledge, or;.have , in his, or ' her pofiession, any chain, or warp, or woof, or weft of purged . linen, or , hempen yarn, or any wheel, reel, or loom, delivered by the said trustees, and be conyiited thereof, upon the oath of one credible witness, or upon confession before any-justice of the peace, for the county or city in which the fame may have been pawned, shall forfeit, treble, the.-amount. of money: lent or given on such goods^ to be recovered and disposed of:in like manner as any forfeiture herein: before enacted; and that every such article.To pawned, or found in possession of any p^wn-broker, shall be seized by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, and.be..disposed of as the said trustees shall direct.

VI. And whereas -. further regulations -are necessary to prevent the dealing of linen or cotton cloth, and yarn from bleach-greens, or persons dealing therein: be it enacted, ..That upon, complaint made upon oath, to any justice of the: peace, - that any linen cloth, callico, muffin, or cloth made of . cotton, or cotton and linen mixed, or any linen yarn-has-been stolen, fraudulently secreted, or embezzled from any bleach-green, or from any bleacher, or person dealing in any branch of the linen or cotton trade, it shall be lawful for such justice to issue his warrant to search for the fame in all suspedied places; and if any such goods, suspected to be stolen, fraudulently secreted or embezzled 3 .-shall

Tic thirty-seventh Year of George III.

{Kail Ke found in the possession of any person, or in the hemfe, out-house, garden, yard, office, or held of any person, to bring such person or persons, and all'o such goods, before any justice of the peace, and if the person so brought shall not prove to the satisfaction of such justice, tii.it he, or {lie came honestly by the fame, such justice shall fine such person in such film, not exceeding five pounds, nor iefs than twenty shillings for every such piece of linen, caliico, muslin, cotton, or cotton and linen mixed, and not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than two shillings for every pound weight of such linen-yarn so found; or may fend such person to the common gaol of the county, there to remain, -not less than one, nor more than six months, according as to his discretion shall seem bell; every such fine to be levied by distress and falc of the goods of the offender, under the warrant of the justice by whom the same shall have been imposed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for every justice of the peace, by whom any such fine shall be imposed, to require the person so fined to give security, himself or herself in any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, with two sureties for any sum not exceeding ten pounds each, that he or she shall be of the peace and good behaviour for two years at the lead.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be committed as aforesaid by any justice, such justice may require him to give and procure like security as aforesaid, and to be kept in gaol until he shall give and procure the fame; and if any person required by virtue of this act to give and procure security, shall neglect or refuse so to do, such person shall be deemed an idle and disorderly person, within the meaning of all acts respecting the fame, and may be presented by the grand juiy as such, and dealt with accordingly.

613 A.D.

‘797-Chap. fit.

go ':*$ so fc.und, and pa Ions 'viih wViOin found, shall be brought be-foie justices, wli«. Ilmll line <.r c inline tl.nn, nj hetciu.

Justice may require such personi to give fecu-

Such persons may be kept in gaol until they give such security, if they do not they may be presented i dhfi.

0.

Vol. XVIII.

CHAP.

lie thirty-seventh Year of George III.

CHAP. LX II.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Triijlees therein named, in Trujl for Sarah Hamilton, Wider* of the Reverend Doctor William Hamilton, deceased, and for the Children of the said Sarah l>y the said fliliiam Hamilton.

his Majesty's asifwer to ths address:

Most gracious Sovereign,

Addrefsof WHEREAS an humble address from your Majesty's f.iith-ihc commons y W fu] commons of Ireland, was presented to his excellency

in favour of ‘ ‘

thi_.vidinvnnd the earl of Camden, lord lieutenant general and general governor dofturHimil- of this kingdom, beseeching his excellency to lay before your ton' Majesty, the humble delire of your faithful commons, that your Majesty would be graeioudy pleased to bedow some lignal mark of your royal favour on the widow and children of the late reverend doflor William Hamilton, rector of the parish of Clon-devadouge, in the diocese of Raphoe, and county of Donegal, who was lately most cruelly massacred on account of his meritorious exertions as a m.igidrate, and alluring his excellency, that whatever bounty should be through your Majesty's goodness on them bellowed, your faithful commons would make good the fame: and whereas his excellency the lord lieutenant of Ireland, by his message to your faithful commons, in answer to the said address, hath been pleased to signify that he had been directed by your Meji.dy, to acquaint your faithful commons, that your Majesty in pursuance of their said address, recommended to your faithful commons, to consider of enabling his Majesty to grant an annuity of seven hundred pounds a year, to be veded in trustees for the maintenance of the said widow and her children, during the life-time of the said widow, and after her decease, to be divided among her children for their respective lives in equal portions: and whereas your Majesty's said commons having taken into consideration the said message, have unanimously agreed to enable your Majesty to grant an annuity to the right honourable Thomas VcC.-ian.iihc loid viscount De Vefci, of the kingdom of Ireland, and the reverend Chambcrlane Walker, of Rofconnell, in the Queen’s County, clerk, and to their heirs in trud to and for the life and benefit of Sarah Hamilton, widow and relidt of the said William Hamilton, deceased, and of her children by the said William,

during

U)IU!ilO[|S agreed u> jjr.ua an an nuity to uf-COUIll D.‘

ker, m trull for the widow n".d children:

The thirly-seventh Year of George III. 6:5

during the life of the said Sarah Hamilton, and from and after A. 3). her death, for the use of her laid children, during their respective ffjfffj lives, in equal portions: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, duly considering your Maje-fty’s most gracious intention, do most humbly bricech your Majesty, that it may be. enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with tire advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons ill this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to

ii'.’y 1 mu

give and grant to the said Thomas viscount De Velci, and Cham- -H‘:l berlane Walker, and their heirs, in trull lor, and to the use and benefit of the salt! Sarah Hamilton, and her laid children hv the said.yi',

' . Hit K'f

said V/illiam Hamilton, dctcaid, during the life oi the Hid £>ar:*.h m in-Hamilton, and from and after her death, in trull for the life and benefit of Iter laid children, by the said William, the lame to he divided among them in equal portions, during their refnr Ttve lives, an annuity or yearly lum of seven hundred pounds sterling, to he paid and payable out of the fund called the consolidated fund, any thing in an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty s crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establifmient, under certain provisons and regulations, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant to prc.

be made by his Majesty, under the authority of this act, shall extend or he construed to extend to restrain his Majesty from making any other grant or pension which he may lawfully do under the or potion, provisions of the said act.

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Trustees therein named, in Truf for Alicia Knife, TFidorn of the Reverend George Knife, deceased, and for the Children of the said George Knife, namely, John, George,' Frances and Anne.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an humble address from your Majesty's faith- /.ii.-rf n;

ful commons of Ireland, was presented to his excellency i, V.iv. t.r'n the earl of Camden, lord lieutenant-general and general-governor 7 Q_2 of

;616 The thirty-seventh Year of George III.

l\. D. of this kingdom, btfceching his excellency lo lay before your 1797* Majesty the humble delire of your faithful commons, that your Chap. 6.r Majesty -would he graciously pleased to bellow feme iignal marl: of iiio run.- of your royal favour on the widow and children of the late re-j:!'T'verend George Knipc, rector of the pari Hi of Calllcrichard, in the cliocefe and county of Meath, who was lately moll cruelly maliacred on account of his meritorious exertions as a magistrate, and alluring his excellency, that whatever bounty lltould be through, your Majesty's goodness on them heflowed, your faithful commons Ms M.ijcfiy’s would make good the fame: and whereas his excellency the lord "d!)re(sl0t"C lieutc,lant of Ireland, by his-message to your faithful commons in anl'wcr to the said addrefe, hath been pleased to signify, that he had'been directed from your Majesty, to acquaint your faithful commons, that your Majesty in pursuance of the said' address, recommended to your faithful commons to consider of enabling his Majesty to grant an annuity of three hundred pounds a year, to he veiled in trustees for the maintenance of the said widow, and the children of the said George Knipe, during the life-time of the said widow', and from and after her decease, the said annuity of three hundred pounds to be divided among said children for commons their respective lives: and whereas your Majesty's said commons grant an°»n- llav*ng taken into consideration the said message, have unanimously tinny for the agreed to enable yout Majesty to grant an annuity of three hun-cjtiUrcn. died pounds a year for the use and benefit of Alicia Knipe, widow, and the children of the said George Knipe, deceased, in the most beneficial manner: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conlint of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ].» that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant -ocli an amu|-|ty or yearly sum of three hundred pounds to John Max-

tojolin'Mut- well, of Newtown Barry, in the county of Wexford, esquire, Thomas'1' ’ Thomas Knipe, of Church-hill, in the county of Meath, clerk, md?|oiinlr!i’ an<^ J°*m ^le cit7 of Dublin, esquire, and their heirs, and

Kccd, ciiiuire. the survivors or survivor of them, in trust for and to the use and the widow benefit of the said Alicia Knipe, and John* George, Frances, and 2iiJ children. Anne Knipe, the children of the said George Knipe, deceased, during the life of the said Alicia Knipe, in such {hares and proportions as to the said trustees, or the majority of them, shall i seem

The thirty-fc-'cr.'.h Year of George III. (>i~

feein moll beneficial for the better provillon of laid widow and A. I), children. 5797-

II. Provided always, That the Aim to be appointed for the pro- Chap G3. vilinn of laid Alicia, shall not be left, than the linn of one hundred m, |t.f, pounds per annum, and from and after Iter death, in trull lllil for the use and benefit of the said children of the said George, the i!.-..i-W:

° J t a 1) J’vi'Jc

fame to be divided among them during their respective lives, in such proportion as to the said trustees, or the majority of them shall feein most beneficial, the said annuity or yearly sum of three hundred pounds (lerling, to he paid and payable out of the fund called the consolidnted fund, any thing in the act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, sin all for the fiipporl of the honour and dignity of his Majesty s crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment under certain provisions and regulations, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant that Not.to p1*-

vent Ins Ma-

shall be made by his Majesty under the authority of this act, shall jCflv from

extend, or be construed to extend to rcllrain his Majesty from

making any other grant or pcnsion which he may lawfully do 01 Per,lioB-

tinder the provisions of the said act.

7 U

Vol. XVIII.

THE

THIRTY-EIGHTH YEAR

OF

GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloalhing of the Militia for One Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand fiven hundred and ninety-eight.

WHEREAS it is necelfiiry that provision should be made for defraying the j)

charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in this kingdom for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, shall issue in money the sums required, to the agent or agents, or clerk or clerks of such regiments or battalions of militia as shall be raised, which he is to apply in the manner, and for the several utes herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix findings a day for each adjutant, from the date of his commission, where an adjutant is appointed 5 and ?.t the rate of one Hulling and one penny for each ferjeaut from the date of his cnljft.-nent, with the addition of two shillings and six pence a week for each terjeant-niajor, and quarter-master-fcrioant, where a terjeant-major and qu.nter-mafier-fi/rjeant arc appointed; and at the r..t<. of eight pence a day for each drummer frdm the date of his enliilment, with the addition of six pence a day for each drum-major, where a drum-major is appointed; and at the rate-of cUit pence a day for each corporal from the date of

7 R 2 his

620 The thirty-eighth' Year of George III.

A.D. 5 ami also at the rate of four peace a month for each private man and

1798. drummer, for defrajing the contingent expences of cadi regiment and La't.dion of Chap, I. raditia, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying ihe hospital expenses of t—v*"—»' each regiment or battalion timing the time of the men’s being from home, upon account of their annual exercise, and also for half a year’-, salary for the clerk cf each, regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, or county of 2 city, at the rate of fifty pounds a year.

II. And be it enacted, That all fitch sums cf money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, lha! be paid by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury into the hands of the agent or agents, clerk or clerks of the regiments «.r battalions of miiiti.i belonging to such counties, county of a city or town, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to them, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or where there is no colonel, under the hand and seal

- of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, county of a city or town 5 and such lords commissioners of his Jtf ajesty’s trwfii y, shall also within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from flic time of such l.'rlt payment, make a tecond naynunt for four calendar months in advance j and shall abb within fourteen days after the expiration of three eaten-liar months from the time of fitch leeond payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of t: c militia, and for the allowances to the regiment.:! cr battalion clcik or clerks aioriuid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of such agent or agents, or clerk or clerks, shall be a fuilioient difclurgc to such the lords commissioners of Ills Majesty's treasury for the several sums of money so by them paid.

III. And be it enacted, 'fh.it the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid one calendar month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or battalion respectively, and to the captain or officer commanding each company belonging to such regiment or battalion two months pay in advance fer the serjeants, drummers, and corporals; and also to the officer commanding the company to which the serjeant-major and drum-major shall belong, two months pay in advance for such ferje.uu and dram-major, and so from time to time as long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands; which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his company by this act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due in pursuance of this a6V, according to the following form:

flhe thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Debtor. pgr Contra. Creditor.

County of

To cash received of Tvlr. regimental or battalion clerk, or the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treaftiry (as the case shall be) for two months pay in advance

I. Paid serjeant

for days pay, from the day of to the

day of following.

Ditto as serjeant-major (if one tn the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay, from the day of to the

day of following, -

j

Paid drummer,

days, at per from the day of

-to the day of

following,

Ditto, as drum-major (if one in the company)

Paid drummer,

days, from the viay of to the

day of following, -

Paid corporal,

days, from the day of to the

day of -following, -

62 r

A.D. 1798. Chap. r.

A'nA fiudl pay back to the said clerk, ‘or to ‘the lends dommifliohers of -his Majesty's treasury, (as the case shall be,) the surplus, if any, by him from time to time received and then remaining in his hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, shall certify in writing to the agent or derk of the fame, that he had discharged any serjeant or drummer as unfit for the service, that in such case no pay be issued for the person so dischargedj until another be duly appointed by him, and that no payment be made to any serjeant or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not prcviou/ly been approved of by die commanding officer, in case of vacancy by death or otherwise.

62.2 The thirly-figbib Year of George III.

A.D.

V. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of cadi regiment or battalion of

1798. niilit'14, out of the money hereby directed to be iffiicd and paid to him, for defnu-

'Chap. I. [ur> the contingent expences of each regiment or battalion, shall yearly, and every i—year, pay to the colonel, or officer commanding fudi regiment or battalion, one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the hospital c.v-pences of-each respective company of such regiment or battalion, during the time ' of the mens‘being absent from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and shall from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and die carriage and removal thereof, upon an order i;:

writing, signed by the colonel, or officer commanding such regiment or battalion;

and after payment of such sums as shall be so ordered by such colonel, or commanding officer as aforesaid, to be paid, he flnll yearly, and every year, make up an account of all such money, and the expenditure thereof, and of the balance remaining . in his hands; which said balance shall form a stock-purse for the use of the.-regiment; arid he shall transmit such account to the colonel, or commanding officer of such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the account so allowed and signed, shall be, and is hereby directed to be* the proper voucher and acquittal of Tuch agent or clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VI. And be it further cinfled, That whenever the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, at a general meeting to be held for any county, county of a city, or town, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the militia, the colonel, or Other

commanding officer shall, ai soon a3 miy be, certify the same to the lords commfl-sioners of his Majesty's treasury, specifying the number of men, and the number of . days such men are to be absent from home, on account of such exercise, -not exceeding in the whole twenty-eight (lays; and the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, are hereby required within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the agents or clerks of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of ten shillings per day for the captain of each company; and at the rate of four shillings and eight pence per day for-each lieutenant; and of three shillings and eight pence per day for each ensign; and also at the rate of one fltil-ling per day for each -private militia man, -for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and the said regimental - or battalion agents, or clerks, are hereby -required forthwith to pay-to each captain,

of the said regiments or battalions, the proportion of pay belonging to-each captain and likewise the pay belonging to their respective companies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each company, shall make up an account of all monies received and paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the following form:

Debtor.

to cafo received of the regimental or battalion agent

or clerk, , or the lords commission-ars of his Majesty's treasdry, (as the case shall be,) for

days pay of men

Per Contra.

Creditor.

if+

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

-Paid mditia-men days -

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and countersigned by the commanding- officer; and such captain'shall, within ten days after the time such exercise is finished, deliver such account and pay the balance (if there be any due), I to

37;t' thirty-eighth Year of George III. 6.23

to the regimental or battalion agent, or clerk, ami inch accounts fli.dl be allowed as sufficient vouchers by the Jortls commissioners of lii> Majesty's treasury.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any regiment or battalion of militia is, or shall be embodied, and called out hi:o actual service, whereby the officers and private militia-inen shall be entitled to the fame pay, as the oTn ers and private men in his Majesty's regiments of foot, all pay as aforesaid whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private militia-men, or ethers, and all money allowed as aforesaid, /or the contingent expences of such.regiment or battalion of militia; and also the allowance to the agent or clerk of such regiment or battalion, shall during such time of actual service, and until such regiment or battalion shall be difcmbo.iicd and return home,-cease, and not be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the duties and aids which have been or shall be granted to his Majesty, his lj;irs and successors during this lcffion o: parliament, -there shall and may be issued and applied any sum not exceeding the sum of seven hundred and luty-six tlioufamt six hundred and fourteen pounds and one penny three farthings, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the fever.il counties and counties of cities and towns in this kingdom.

X. And be it enacted, That the colonel or clerk to every regiment or battalion of militia, shall once in every year return accounts in writing in like-manner as agents of the fever.il regiments of cavalry or infantry.

‘XI. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the lord lieu-.tenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, to raise, embody, or continue the militia in any county or counties, it shall be lawful for die lord lienteuant, or other chief governor or governors of this -kingdom for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to forbid the raising, assemb-sing, or embodying of the militia of such county or counties, and to day all proceedings therein for such. time as shall be deemed expedient.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, colls, and charges of suits, and all sums of.money for which any person or persons is or are by this acte made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, by action of debt, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, wager, at law, or prote&ion, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

1797-Chap. 1.

-CHAP. II.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature if quo warranto.

WHEREAS it would tend greatly to secure the freedom of election, and the quiet, tranquillity and good order of cities, boroughs, and towns-corporate if a certain reasonable limitation of time, were by lawestablished b-wond which no :member or officer of any city, borough, 01 town-corporate, should be disturbed in the enjoyment or < xercife of his office or franchise: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, That after the first day of Easter term, in 7 S 7. the

[Preamble,

/i2;4 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

the year onc-thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it

179b. f]la|| anc[ may [jt lawful for the defendant or defendants to

any information, in the nature of a quo warran/o, for

frinittijift ^ie exercise of any office or franchise, in any city, bo-

tby «.[ 1 atkr 1_. 1

u-rm. 171,8, rough, or town-corporate, whether exhibited with leave of iimedw, the court, or by his Majesty's attorney-general, or other officer of the crown, on behalf of his Majesty, ,by virtue of any r°yal prerogative, or otherwise, and every of them fe-unJ.Ttjkoii0 vcrally and -respectively to plead that he or they had first

oEiccor " adhially taken upon themfehrs, or held, or executed the

year'bsfores office of franchise, which is the subject of such informa-10 w com tion plx years or more before before the exhibiting of such

putcJ *rom J

lime ciai- information, such six years to be reckoned and computed

million or_. . r

fucking; from the day on winch such defendant or defendants so pleading, shall have been actually admitted and sworn into such j.n-a such office or franchise; which plea shall or may be pleaded Jliraw!'." either ‘singly, or together with and besides such plea as he or o[iui.iif. i they might have lawfully pleaded before the passing of this inrfjcim act> or ^lic'1 ^vcral picas as-the court on motion shall alloiv; iuiinj fur df- act(j jf upon the trial of such information, the issue joined

fcmhuU, he 1 J

fiiuii ii.nc upon such [ilea shall be found for the defendant or defend-lufcdb.1 ants, or any of them, ho -or they shall be’entitled to judgment, and to such and the like cods, as he or they would by law have been entitled to, if a verdict and judgment had been given for him or them upon the ments of his or their title.

Profccmor JI- 'Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every W i"uc^ ca^c’ l'Ilc Prosecutor of Inch information may reply to such plea any forfeiture, surrender, or avoidance, by the defendant of such office or franchise, -happening within six years before the exhibition of such information, whereon the defendant may take issue, and shall be entitled to costs in manner aforesaid.

la what

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

t-r i cri'.ns if any person or persons against whom any such information as

inibMiationr aforesaid, shall be exhibited, shall -derive title under an election, arc exhibited nomination, swearine into office, or admission by any person or shall not he i o 111

tiiMcdhy parlous, the title ot inch person or persons against whom such

JeS.'iu information shall be exhibited, shall not be defeated or affected by

titles of per- reason or on account of any defect in the title of such person or ions cL’Cling, J

ic. persons lo electing, nominating, sweanng into oihee, or admit-

ting, in case such person or persons under whom title shall be de-

3 rived

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 625.

rived as aforesaid, shall have been in exercise dc faiio, of the frail- A.D. chife or office, (in virtue of which he or the)' so defied, nominated, '79^ fvvorc in, or admitted) for the space of six years at the lead previous to the time of filing such information, and his or their title flu! not have been questioned by any legal proceeding, carried on with efleft.

CHAP. III.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirtyfisth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Amendment of Publick Roads, for directing the Power of Grand furies respeiling Preferments, and for repealing several Law heretofore made for tkofe Purposes, as relates to the accounting for Publick Money in the County of Tyrone.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the -amendment of publick roads, for directing the power of grand juries respeiling preferments, and for repealing several laws heretofore made for -those purp'fes, it is amongst other things enabled, That all persons accounting for publick money at the affixes of the county of Tyrone, shall at the assizes at which they propose to account, lodge their accounting affidavits with the secretary of the grand jury, on the day on which such grand jury shall be sworn, between the hours of nine in the morning and eight at night, and that no accounts shall be taken into consideration, or passed at any affixes held in said county, by the grand jury, which shall not be lodged as aforesaid: And whereas the fame has been found inconvenient in the accounting for publick money in said county; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the said clause in said receited act be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

By reciif-, »a 36 G. j. c. 55 r. 78.

rcrions accounting nt assizes of co. Tyrone are to lodge affidavits on the day the G. jury is fworo:

said recited clause is hereby repealed*

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

626

A.D. 1798.

CHAP. IV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Portugal Salt into this Kingdom, in Neutral Kef els, for. a.Time therein limited.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second entitled. An act for the encouraging and encreasing of flipping and navigation, and by JScIlriaions -other. acts now in Force, it is.amongst other things enacted, that "tionCof‘,°r" no foreign salt shall be imported into this kingdom,.-in any ships pti: or ycflels, but such as are. Britishi built, and owned by British sub-

jedtf, and navigated by a.mgfter, and three-fourths of the mariners Britishi ftrbjedts, and in no other ships or vessels, except only in such foreign ships or vessels as are of the built of that country, or place , of which the said salt is the production or manufacture, or of such port where such salt can. only be, or most. usually is iirft shipped for transpprtation, and whereof the matters and threcrfourths of the mariners at. least are of the said country or place: And whereas it is expedient under the present circumstances and for a. limited time, that the importation of foreigti salt. from.Portugal should be permittetl- in any neutral ships whatsoever;. be it enacted by the King.’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the.advice.and consent ?rora zjth of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this- present March, 1798, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from ' war%'tm°y ani! after the twenty-fifth day of March, one tho.ufa.nd seven hun-fre m?o"u1 dr«d.and ninety-eight, and;during the continuance.of the profent gat in neutral war, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, thflika re-F to import or, bring into. this kingdom from.:Portugal, any salt the ' ia^ported Pr0^uce.Qr ma,nu£assure of Portugal, in any. ship or v.effel whatso-in Portuguese ever, that shall,belong to- the subject or subject-s of any (late in.

amity with his Majesty, :-nd such salt shall be imported, upon payment of the like duties, and, shall be subject.to the like.regulations,. . restrictions,.penalties, and-forfeitur.es, as. salt, imported- in ships of the built, or belonging to any of the subjects of the kingdom of Portugal, any thing in the before mentioned act, or any other act tc-the contrary notwithstanding.

C II A I!.

The thirty-eighth fear of George III.

CHAP. V.

in A3 for grunting for One Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the fold Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom end His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

T 7E your MajestyYinoft dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, haring a just sense of your royal care of all your subjects, and well knowing that the security and prosperity -of this realm depend upon the support of your Majesty's government, most humbly beseech your Ma« idly, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual-aml temporal, and commons in this prefen: parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thousand two hundred and thii ty-four men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, over and above twelve thousand eflctfUve men, which are necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence, be maintained for one year, from- the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive.

II. And whereas it is r.ecessary to carry into execution your Majestyintentions and determined resolution, signified to us by his excellency lord viscount Townshend, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within -this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame, twelve thousand eftective men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, at all times, unless in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: And whereas it may be expedient in thfe present situation of attain, that a further number of men not exceeding seven teen -thousand six hundred and twenty men, commissioned and non-Commissionct! officers included, be maintained for the internal defence«of this kingdom, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the first day -of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, so as tl)at the forceson the establishment of this kingdom, may amount to -thirty-two thousand eight hundred ami fifty-four effective men, commissioned and nun-commissioned office1-, included, in order to enable your Majesty to carry die J'.id purposes into execution, and to defray the other necessary expenecsof your Majesty's government, it will be no ceflary to grant-the several duties herein after mentioned,-be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until die tvyeiuy-fifth'day of March,; winch ll.«U be in the year one thousand icvju hundred and ninety-nine, inuufive, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty; your heirs and successors, upon the fcier.il goods, wares, and mcr-ch.mdiues mentioned and set forth in dr; several lchcduics or tables marked A, ]), C, hereunto annexed, which fiiaii be imported imo this kingdom during the time aforesaidj the several duties as the same are respectively dderibed, am: set forth in figures in the said schedules or tables marked A.B. C, and that there flull aim be granted-and paid to your Mujiity, your heirs and successors, during the time afore-7 T 2 laid.

627 A.D. r79g.

6,18 T/.k; thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

c,:!wp. 5. . 1

fciil, upon the fiveral goods, wares, ami merchandizes mentioned and set forth' hi the fdisdule marked 1), hereunto also annexed, not being comprized in the laic! schedules A.B. C, and which fli.dl he imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the fame arc respectively described and set forth in the said fohiVmle or tabic marked I), and that there ihalt be also granted, raised, levied, coMcclul aii.l paid to, your Majesty, your heirs and successors-during the time af'orefrid, upon every packet,' box, bottle, phial, or other encJofure, containing any powders, jullcs, balls, biilfrins, - ointments, oils, waters, wa!he«, tine* tures, ^deuces, liquois, or other-preparations dillingtiished by the name of frvect feicnts, odours, perfumes, or cofmctrcks, -mixed or unmixed, with other mater!d.

used or to be ufad by any persons as sweet feents, odours, perfumes, or cclmctickj, also upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other cnclosure, containing any deii-lif.ice powder, liuclure, or other preparation whatsoever for the teeth or gums, and abb upon every roll, cake or piece, packet, boar, pot,- or other endofure of any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation for the Jiaity which ‘.hall-be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above fu'ch duties-as by any of the ibid schedules hereunto annexed, such goods and articles are made subject to *rn the importation thereof, the additional-rates and duties.follcvring, that is to say, upon every of the f«*id aiticfrs^v.hkh Ciall not exceed tha value of eight pence each, a duty of onc-penny j and upon every-of such articles which shall-cxcccd* the value of eight pence each, and Hull not exceed the value of one shilling, a duty of one penny halfpenny 5 and upon every of such articles which shall-exceed in value one fir.iling-each,.and not exceed the value of two shillings ami six pence, a duty . of three* pence; and upon every of such articles, which shall exceed the value of two

shillings and six pence each, ami fiiail be under five, shillings -each, a duty of six pence; and upon every of such articles which shall be of, or exceed the value of

five shillings, a duty at the rate of one shilling for every five shillings of the valut thereof} ami for and upon every endofure containing any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed - two shillings the pound weight, - a duty of one penny fer every pound weight, over and above all other duties payable thereon, and so in pro-, portion for any gieator or less quantity*, and that there shall also be granted to your

Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon fill goods, wares, 2nd -merchandizes, which shall be. imported into this kingdom during the time- aforesaidj mid whereon any duties arc imposed-this session of parliament, an additional duty after the rate of . ten pounds per caittnU) on the amount of the duties payable thereon vefpcclively,

except wines, Tugars, teas, hops, and salt, ami except goods -of the produtt, or imnufa&urcof the Jlritifli colonies in America, or (hetWcft Indies, or the\British 'settlementsonthe coast of Africa; and that there shall be also granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid,-upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes, which, shall be impoiiedinto this kingdom during the time aforesaid, by any person being a retailer pr consumer, in-ready money, without any dif-. count or allowance, -an additional duty after the rate of six pounds per centum, on the duties-payable thereon respectively, over and above the full amount of such duties, except sugars; mnd that there shall be also granted, raised, collected, levied, ..and paid to -your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during, the time aforesaid, for and upon every ship, vessel, or other bottom, trading to this kingdom, from any country- whatsoever, except coaflers, and also except coal {hips trading to the port of Etublin, a duty of one penny per ton, over aml'above all other duties now payable , on the tonnage thereof.

III. Atul be it enacted, That-ihe respective duties mentioned in the said schedule marked A, imposed on all tobacco, teas, spirits, hops, and ale and beer imported into tlus kingdom, shall be paid upon alt such of the said articles, which after the

3

twenty-

Thi thirty-eighth Year of George III. 629

r.'.i-iu.'-iiru’. dry of March, one tl.ouf.md Ibvcn hundred anil ninety-eight, {ha’I be A. )X on r.iil of view, or otherwise. I ~<;8.

IV. A:vJ be it further enacted, That the said fi-vcntl duties mentioned in the said Qir,p_ t f.-.vnl uheA.:!es A.B. C.D. to he paid on the importation of the fever.il poods,

'/art:., and merchandizes therein respectively mentioned, into this kingdom; ami the feverr1 fvr.'s of money, and tiuti-s of inland excise in the schedule marked G, licrcunto annexed, shall from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-e;ght, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousam! seven hundred and ninety-pine, and no longer, be respectively paid, in lieu and full fa-hxhiclion of ail customs, subsidies, and duties whatsoever, payable by any person, net being a retailer or con umcr, upon the importation of such goods,- wares, and merchandireo, into this kingdom, on which such duties upon importation are imposed, except the duties payable upon coals, by an act passed in the twenty-third and rueuty-foimh years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and '.mauling an aclpuffed in the twenty-frond year of his present Mtjcflfs IV'/g//, entitled,

/in act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making Wide atul convenient pafhgcs through the fame, ami for regulating the cord trade thereof, and for other plllposes; and c:cept the duties payable upon timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of ino-hogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of al! kinds, staves, bricks, blocks of marble, and all kinds of stone which shall arrive in any ship or vessel in the port or harbour of Dublin, or in the harbour of Dunleary. by an act passed in the thirty second year of your Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for repairing and preferring she walls of the river Anna Lijfcy, in the city of Dublin, and for amending nil pap-

f/d in the twentysixth year of his Majesty s reign, entitled, act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port ami harbour more commodious, and of said several duties of excise, by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made, and Hull be fc-vcrally paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, fare that ready money 0 all not be paid upon the goods the duties upon which are, or shall by law be directed to be bonded.

V. And be it enacted, That in cases where the duties by this act imposed on tobacco imported into this kingdom, shall be paid then the sum of two pence halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, and also so much of the produce of the duties arising upon teas as shall amount to tire sura of seven thousand three hundred pounds, (halt be deemed in the account to be kept of your Majesty's hereditary rc-i enue, as pan of your M ajdly’s hereditary revenue.

VI. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid-to your Majesty, your heirs and fuccdlors during the time aforesaid, for and upon every entry inwards which shall be made in the port of Dublin, during the time aforesaid, except poll entries and entiles of coals, a duty of two'ftnllings.

VII. And for the better ascertaining the price of teas, and of all fiigan being of the growth and produce of the East Indies imported into this kingdom from Great Britain, according to which the duties arc imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of alhteas and all fugms imported, be inserted in the cockets, and that such pTice be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books of -.the East India company, copies whereof, orof*such parts thereof asihallrclate to the teas and fu-gars so imported, attested by the principal accountant, or deputy accountant for the-time being, of the Taft India company, the commissioners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the purpose aforesaid, and winch-copies be:ng verified by affidavit made before the Imd mayor of London for the time being, and being attested by a notary publick at the city of London, shall, without further proof either of the said affidavit, or of the said copies be admitted as evidence in all suits commenced or arising upon this act.

630 The thirty-;eiglih Year of George III.

VIII. And.Lc it cncfted, That «;pcn the of citstion of the fever;:! gccds, wares I and merchandize?, mentioned in the schedules rr. ruled A, E, C.D. the fever?.I

Chap. y. drawbacks of the said duties shall be paid and ailcwed as the same are respectively U,—inferred,.describtyl anil set forth hi.figures in the said schedules marled A, B,

C, I), and that the whole of the said duties shall be drawn back on such of the said goods,* wares, and merchandizes as are by the said schedules, or the titles of the said,schcdu!cs expressed to be entitled to such whole drawbacks, save as to imported ' herrings and salt, and unless otherwise directed by tills aft, cr by any other act to be pa/ied this session of parliament, provided that such goods be exported within three years from the importation thereof, and in cases, of coaches and chariots, that the fame.be exported withi;i six months from the impertetiomihereof, and that due proof b.e.mndc of the entry of such goods, and of the payment of the duties there. on,: and that all other requisites have been performed which by law are required to bc.performed for obtaining drawbacks, and in such ca'e such drawback shall wish-. out any fee ordcdufttqn be paid by the fewral cciicftord at the ports, of exportation,. <}ut of any. moucy arising cut of any aids cr duties by them colh'sted within one mo.nth after demand.

v lA,.And be it enacted, Thattupon ail-tobacco.manufactured in this kingdom whyc^ shall be esperted,.there flint! be allpv/cd by way cf* drawback or conipcnfa-. tipiip for the duty by tJiip aft charged ami paid-on import of the leaf tq|).icco whereof it, ypqnufactured and ft r the exuife duty by thin :\cc charged thereon, the sunt oftejj pfipce for every pound weight cf such mamibftiired. tuLneco, upon preot being.nude. that fuca ni^n^fitclured tobacco paid thu impett, and.inland or excise dMty,i>ptdi^ypbl3ly' ihp $./. .; /; j[\

-Provided by it cn^fte.!, That no i!r.i,i,tud£ of anydutyqn any goods, wares, cr n^ercjp.injliz.w, vul-lc!i ib-all be cx;. c.Tted,y eg) this kingdom,..shall be paid,;Uplels, tb,c>tyrC.Cf>M tt c,qe j fty.y for obtaining jfucJi drawback be made, and the tjr.aw.Jpck.cliuing^ within two -years rVem(Jti:e 'time of she flopping of fads goods for exportation. 1; J ' '

Atulbc it enufted, That no duty shall, he.p;-.id;on the importation into this kingdom of any of tljC sn tides speciiteihburjiy cf ilc ;fnid schedules-to he duty free,.nqr*tupoJi iniy woods for dyers use, i:qr upon rjpy.i law or umlrcfied foal ikiiw tnkqn by die crews of^ficls be!ongh]g to ami fiucd.,c\%fipm this kingdom, Great Bri^in, Jersey, Guernsey, or Manj whereof the captain cr mailer, and three-fourths of the mariners at lend shall lie..of your Miijftlp subjects, or by persons employed by the mailers cr, owners of such vefleft, nor’upon, any raw’silk of the growth or culture cf America.

XT[. And bc.it enactedj'That i;.q duty, shall be pqitl curing the time aforesaid, on any beer or ale, brewed within this kingdom^ ’

XIII. And.lie it enacted, That it trail and may tyclawful for any person cr-persons to import and bring into.this.kingdomj. in ships^or ve/i'els navigated.according to law, from any port or place whatsoever, any soft. of.cpitcn-wopi,- without pay-ing-any duty whatsoever./or the fame, ang.hu?, cuilom, or usage to* the contrary. Tlptwitliftaiidittg. .; ...f.

XI y. Provided, neyci^Iefs, That.a diuj entry of such cotton wool shall be made in the cuttom-hcufc-bgienging to the poyt.where the fa^nc.ii.all be imported, in the faille manner, and form, and ci-pressing the quantities thereof as heretofore'used and pystftijfgd,- tuul fuchj goods shall be. landed in t e presence of the prcper'cflicer ap-ppinfed for jhst purpofi^ tpthcriyifc/fueb. goods shall he liable to the payment of the fame duties as \ypu)dIl^v?^(?cn! A.0? andjpayable. for die fame, if this act had uct b^D-ntadc.- , K;h'i\(

XV. And be it enacted, Tltat dic.several and respective bpunties and allowances meittionci) and expressed 111 the schedule marked I1', hereunto annexed, shall be 2 paid

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. ^3'

paid upon the exportation’dfthe'several manufactures of this kingdom, fpceified in A.D. the said ickedulc, as. in the said schedule is mentioned) five as may be otherwise I 79^’ provided by any act passed, or to be pufled this fetlinn of parliament, and tithit‘tic Clll.p. 5. ’respe(ftive-bounties mentioned in the said lehalule, -upon br.rl:imported into‘this kingdom shall ;i!so be’paid; ' . "

XVI. Arnfbc it enacted, That such bounties and allowances shall b: paid by the collector of the port where fuel] goods lluill be shipped for exportation out cl

any monies in his hands.

XVII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several good:;, wares, and merchandizes mentioned, and the schedules or tables marked C, arid E, hereunto annexed; which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and succeslers, the several duties mentioned in figures in the find schedules or tables in lieu and fail fatiafaduon of all subsidies ami duties payable on the exportation of such wares and merchandizes from this kingdom during the time.uforef’rid, and no longer, and upon the foreign spirits in the Add schedule hercuiuo annexed, and . marked C, which sita’d during the time aforef.ud he exported from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, or to any Britishi feulement on the ccaft of Africa, there shall be paid for every gallon thereof, the duties in the said schedule respectiveljr mentioned.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no fublidyor duty wl.jtfccvrr, shall be payable to your Majesty, your heirs ami successors; from the f.ii.i twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, to t!« twenty-fifth day of

March, one thoustnrf seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon the exportation of any goods or merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, not mentioned in the said schedules‘marked C and E, except the ainage duties.

XIX. And be it* enabled, That no custom, subsidy cr duty whatsoever, shall be payable cn the expect of lqgwoo.1 of the grotvih or pi educe of the ftrilish fclllements in America, ‘cr the West indicr, provided the fame be exported in Britishi or Irish shipping, nor upon any lead ore. exportin'.) Great Britain.

XX. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and fucceiiqft, ripnu the exportation of ary flour, or upon any rape seed oil, made and manurafture;! in this kingdom, of upon any fifii which, shall be cured in this kingdom1/ anil that no diVty whatsoever fiialj’be payable on die exportation of gold arid (ili cr bullion, o< J'or^igfi fcolri, cut or uncut, to any place whatsoever, except tb’the BniSilf fctrlement's^ori the epaft of, Africa, or the Bririfli plantations hi America, or the Well'Iiidics, nof shall liny entry whatsoever. on the exportation of such bullion ’or coin, except' to the Britishi feulements on the coast of Africa, or the Britishi plantations in America, of the West Indies, be required or demanded for the fame,1 by tiny oilieir of jour Majesty's revenue, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, provided that aftTrich goods and merchandize, the produce or mamifaclurti' of this kingdom1/ asr may be exported without paying any duty, touching whichlnb;special provision is made by any law may be exported, so that due entry cf such goods end merchandj2es be first made at the custom-house of the port where the same shall baexporfed, which entry shall express the quantity and quality of the respective goods so to be exported, and shall be made in all respefh in the same manner’ as'was used arid practised in respect of any goods exported before the making of this act, and so as the fame be dripped by the proper officer for that purpose, and So as that the exporter do first; -make oath, or if a known ‘ quaker, a solemn affirmation before the customer, comptroller, or ether chief officer of such. port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby required and empowered to administer, that such goods are of the Irish manu-fcflurc or produce, and in default of performing such requisites, or any of them,

7 U 2 such

63 2 5Tta thirty-eighth Year, of George III.

['), fuJi goods and-merchandize the produce or manufacture of tlus kingdom, shall be I liable o the payment of duties, as if til's act had not been made, any law to the

Chap, y contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it enacted, That there fn.ill be raised, collected, levied and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and no longer, upon the several goods, wares, merchandizes, articles and things, mentioned, set.forth and described in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, the several sums of money, and duties of inland excise, as they are respedUvdy insert* cd, described, and set forth in the said schedule.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the several licenses mentioned in the said schc- dttlc marked G. on which the respctlive duties mentioned therein, are to be paid, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, favc only as hath been, or shall be by law otherwise directed.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, collect and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon all unmanufactured

; tobacco, in the original package, which on the twenty-fifth day of..March, one tlieu fund seven hundred and ninety-cigid, shall be in the stores, or possession of any importer of, dealer in, or nrnufaQurer of tobacco, for which the former . duty payable on import only h..th brer. paid, a further duty of tuo pence for every pound weight thereof, to be paid by the importer, dealer, or manufacturer, in whole possession the same shall be; and for and upon all unmanufactured tobacco which on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be in the Itores or possession of any manufacturer.of tobacco, which shall have been taken out of the original package, ami u all remain in the leaf unmixed with any material necessary for manuftouring the fame, or shall remain in the original package after any tobacco has been taken out of such package, and on which the duty cf excise heretofore payable thereon has been charged, a further duty of four pence per pound, shall be paid by the manufacturer in whose possession the same shall be.

XXIV. And for fccering the aforesaid respective additional duties payable on unmanufactured tobacco: lc it enacted, That the officers of excise shall take an account, of the just quantity of all unmanufactured . tobacco, in the hands or possession of every importer of, -or dealer in, and manufacturer of tobacco, in the^ original package, or of any person in trull for lum, or for his use, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand, seven hundred and ninety-eight, or after that day, on which the said additional duty of two pence per pound hath, not been charged, and shall make a return.or report thereof in writing, ta the collector of excise'of the district in which such person shall reside, and-of the said duty of two pence for each pound weight charged thereon, and the sums in such report shall be a charge on such importer of, dealer in, and-manufacturer respectively, and-in like manner shall take an account of all unmanufactured tobacco, which fl ail have been taken out of the original package, and shall remain in* the leaf unluixed with any material necessary for manufacturing the fame, or shall remain in the original package after any tobacco has been taken out of such-package, in the llores, or possession of any manufacturer of tobacco, or of any person in trust for him, cr icr his use, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or after that day, on which the said additional duty of four-pence per pound hath not been charged, and shall make a return or report thereof in writing, to the collector of the district in which such person shall reside, and of the said duty of four-pence for each po*.nd weight charged thereon, and the sums in such report shall be a charge on such manufac-.. turer.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 633

XXV. And be it enacted, That every person charge- with the said additional ^_q

duties, shall, within two months from the day on which such return shall !:e made, j

pay to the collector of the district, till such duties as shall be due from him, hev, or them respective!y> on account of such tobacco, save in case of unmanuiactm :d tobacco in the original package, that the said additional duty of two ptnee jrr pound, Hull be paid before any permit shall be granted for the removal therm?, and if any per(*on having any unmanufactured tobacco, shall not within the time aforesaid, pay the duty charged on all such to' accos ref etlively, every such person shall for such default, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and double the duty charged on him or her.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted, levied, collected and iv: 1 itntJ your Majesty, veuv heirs, and successors, for and upon every barrel of m t, which shall be in the possession of any person, on the twenty-fifth day of MaiJi, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which shall have been charged with a duty of five shillings and three-pence fter barrel, a further duty of nine-pence p.v barrel.

XWII. And in order to secure the said duty of nine-pence psr barrel upon malt,

over and above the duty cf five shillings and three-pence yvr barrel, bcretofi.ie charged thereon i be it enacted, That t!u>‘ officers of excifo of Ins M itcflVs revenue, shall take an account of the just quantity of all malt, whether ground or unground, in the possession of any person, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousaiul seven hundred and ninety eight, and of all malt in the possession of any person after that day, on which the find additional dut of nine-pence r<r barrel, dull not have been charged, in such manner as they are vow required by law, to take an account of any malt, and shall make a iciurn or report in writing to the collector of the dillrict, in which such person Ih.dl relide, or :n which his or her malt house or (lores shall be, of the juff quantity of el! such malt, ami of the said duty of nine-pence payable there'*:, over and above the duty of five ti;ii!ing& and three-pence, heretofore payable thereon, and the sums in such return or repot t,

shall be a charge on every such person respectively.

XXVIII. And be it enacted. Tin: every person charged with the said additional duty, in respect of his or her so having malt in his or her possession, as aforesaid, shall within one month from the day on which such return shall be made, pay lo the collector of the distrifi, all such duties at shall be due from him, her, or I hem rc-fpciltvely, for and on account of such malt, unlcf> such malt shall be for.net removed, in which case the said duties shall be paid lOi all such mall before the same shall be removed, and before any pciniit for removing or conveying the fame fl ail be granted, and that every person having r.ialr in his, or her pcflUiirm, on tie fide! day, who shall not pay within the time a for ef: id, the dwy charged on all finch malt, or fnali remove any such malt, without having paid and cL...u! o.T :!.l- fidd duty, he, or flic, shall for each offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pojius, and Jc ub!*

the duty of such malt.

XXIX. And be it cnacleu, That all malt, for the removal of v/fii.'li frvra any

place in this kingdom, to any other place within the f.oivj, either ewiffway*., o; by eruval, or land-carriage, ior which a cu.i'.l cocktt or permit mail iiavu b;ui grant.*.!, before the said twenty fifth day of March, and V/hi-h ij.rdl not i:. *: unived :t t; j pltce of its tlcilin.ilion, until after the said sv.tr.tvftfti: diy of Marc!', (h.:J . fi its airival, become charged with the said additional, duty of ifinc-jv;:cc burel, amid the officers of cxcif.: shall male a like return or r-.port there*.-f, in v. ihintv to the coil'-clar of the dulriil, and no permit shall be grimed for rcmo’Xfg the fan;, until the said duty of the full of null, fur the removal of a hit !i a per-

mit shall be required, shall be paid.

You. XYU. 7 X XXX iho-

Clnip. 5.

6} 4 The thirtj-ilgiib Year of George III.

A, ]).

XXX. Provided a!v.ays, and be it tr.acUd, That if any person who shall be I7( 8 charjcd with the f.ud additio:u! duty of nine none; jv.*r bam-l, upon all malt

' winch shall be in his or her poliUh.).'., on t! >: lV:d :v.\r:;y-uf.:h tl ty of March, one Chap. 5. thotifaiu! seven hundred and liincty-u,;!.:, before the f.ud day, have fold, or *~~~v~*t contracted to fell, any malt tc :ny person or ncrfor.s, and Hull net have delivered the same to the buyer, then and in every fudi case, the buyer of the said malt shall pay to the feller the additional duty whitti sucii teller shall have paid for such malt.

XXXF. And be it emitted, 'Flint (here fin 11 be paid to every person exporting malt out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act shall have been paid, a drawback of fix findings for every hand thereof, by the collector of the port from which such malt flr.dl be exported, out of any money in his hands; or if such malt shall be exported within the time allowed by law for the payment of the duties thereon, then the charge upon such malt shall be vacated for so much as shall be exported, upon the person or persons exporting the lame, performing regularly the fame requilites, and complying with the fame regulations and reflric-tions. as*are to be made and observeil by persons exporting any article whereon any bounties or drawbacks arc payable for obtaining the same.

XXXII. And be it emitted, That all spirits distilled within this kingdom, which shall be shipped for exportation, and for which any allowance or drawback shall be claimed, shall be of a strength not less than a strength equal to five degrees, or ten per centum, under hydrometer proof; and the person or persons who shall ex* port the same to any place, except Great Britain, or the islands of Farro or Ferro, in the manner herein after directed, shall be entitled to, and shall receive (wo shillings and one penny farthing for every gallon of such spirits, and of such degree of strength so to be exported, ns and for a drawback of the whole excise paid for the same, which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on such export, any act or 3tts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it cnatted. That if the spirits or brandies so to be exported, shall be of a greater strength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback after the rate of two pence three farthings per gallon over and above the sum of two shillings and one penny farthing, for every four degrees which the same shall exceed the strength before mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no drawback on any one gallon of spirits or brandies, shall exceed in the whole the sum of three shillings.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That over and above the said drawback on all spirits distilled within this kingdom, and which shall be shipped for exportation, there shall be allowed and paid to the person or persons exporting spirits made and distilled from malt made of corn of the growth or produtt of this kingdom, when the price of barley ascertained in the manner in an att passed in twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating the corn trade, promoting agriculture, and providing a regular and Jleady /apply of corn in this kingdom, and for granting to his Majesty^ his heirs and ftcctjfurs, the duties therein mentioned, shall not exceed thirteen shillings and six pence the barrel, a bounty of four pence for every gallon of such spirits out of such monies as are liable to the payment of the bounties on corn exported, and by the same rules and regulations, and subject to the fame securities, exceptions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are enatted with respect to the bounties on corn exported.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this att contained, shall extend to repeal or alter the duties upon spirits or strong waters, payable by virtue of an att passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An atl for continuing and amending three fvsral aP.s, one passed in the reign ofkis late Majesty King George the ftcond, and the ether five in his, present htajejlys reign, for

I making

The thirty-eighth fear of George III. 635

Kjhiltg th: river Ljg.v: nnvi^ i dv, <«-;/ epriir/a ,t com-n'iicalbn by water betweenA.D.

Lwghncagh and the /;?lvi of lb1'-;}, emdjlr n,!\r!g tht tomnrjfimn threhi named, I J9^.

U tinfe money by ‘ff^nnietit of f,id ih/f.e^J:,- tie U:3J\- cxprai-'h.’.s tin:! effectual carrying Chap. 5. on said wt, nor to affieft any drawback of the said Julies thereby allowed. U—v—-J

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, the duties imposed by this act on :ul foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, ami the duty on all aqua v:U, fpi- ms, and ilrong waters made and dilliiL-d in this kingdom *, and the duties by this act impofjJ on malt, and the duties by this act imnofed on lugars and tobacco imported and manufactured, shall be applied towards the payment of the several principal sums due, er to be due on debcntuics and trc.ifury bills ifiucd, or to be issued, and the imcrclt thereof, and to the payment of the interest of such of the hid debentures ns have, or ih.dl h..\e been converted into (lock transferable at the bank of Ireland, and towards the payment of the sums borrowed, or to be borrowed in England, ami made Hock transferable at the bank of England, and the imereft thereof, and of the life and other annuities as directed by any act or acts of parliament passed during this session.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That so much of the duties by this act imposed on raw and tanned Itides exported, and on linseed-oil, chocolate and cocoa nuts imported, as shall remain after deducting the hereditary duties thereon, shall be paid and issued by the commissioners ct Ins Majesty's treasury for the time being, to the ttuftees for encouraging the iintn and hempen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied towards encodraging the raising of fux-fred in this kingdom.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all duties paid to, and all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen munufactures, find I be exempted from the payment of ail fees; and that all illiics made from your Majesty's treasury, for the regimental pay of, and allowances to your Majesty's regular and militia forces,

shall be exempted from the fees of pells and poundage, and hospital fees.

XL. And be it enacted, That the several sums granted by this act, or any other act of parliament now of force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the ratling of sufficient quantities of flax-feed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen manufactures in Lhe provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other $ and that a fepn-rate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer, of the application thereof, and be laid before parliament. c-

XLI. And be it enacted, That the duty of two shillings, on every entry inwards in port of Dublin, except pod entries, and entries of coals, shall be received by the collector, to be applied by the trustees of the Royal Exchange, in the city of Dublin, towards discharging-the debts by them contrafted, for building, finishing, and repairing the fame, and for the future repairs thereof, with liberty to that body to apply any surplus in their hands thereof, to the use of the several merchants and traders who-have entered into subscriptions for crcfting buildings sex commercial purposes.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all monies to srif efrom the said duty of two shillings, upon every entry inwards in the port of Dublin, <\rept as aforesaul, shall be paid by the collector of the f.ud port, who is her< by auihorsxed so demand, and receive the same, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, ih ill ause the same to be paid to the trustees of the Royal Exchange, in the city n: Dublin, to be by them applied towards discharging the debts by them cotr.r.f., for building, finishing, and repairing the fame, and for the future rep d:» (hereof, to be accounted for before the coir.missioners of imprest accounts, and that the said trustees shall apply all surplus in their hands, to the use of the f=i-r.d merchants and traders, who have entered into subscriptions for erecting build j.g. for commercial purposes.

7 X a

G36 "The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798. Chap. j.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no cambricks or lawns whatsoever, except of the nianufacture of Great Britain, nor any gold or fdver lace except of the manufacture rf Great Britain, shall be imported into this kingdom, in any ship vr veflil wl.jtsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and lawns, and treble the value thereof, ami of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel.

XI.IV. And be it enacted, That all and every the duties, rates, impofhions and taxes, by this act, or by any other act or acts passed or to be parted this fcflton of parliament, ami not hereby or by any such acts respectively appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses, purpose or purposes, shall be carried to, and be part of the fund called the consolidated fund; and that the Ax-pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the lord high treasurer or commissioners for executing the commission of lord high trofurer of this kingdom, clerk of the pells, or any other oflicers of the treasury, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money out of the said consolidated fund, shall be carried to ;he salt! consolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties heschy granted, and shall he duly accounted for accordingly.

XI, V. And be it further enacted, That all sums in his Majesty's treasury, and in tie hands of any.collector of his Majesty's revenue, arisen on the duties heretofore imposed on all herrings, except British herrings imported into this kingdom, heretofore appropriated to the encouragement of the Irish fisheries, shall be carried to, and become pir: of the said fund called the consolidated fund.

XLVI. And be it etiafted, That neither the f»x pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by any officer or oflicers of the treasury of this kingdom, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which Audi be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said interest: and annuities.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates and impofltions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby im-poled, and not otherwise hereby specially provided for, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and fuccc'flors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, by inch ways, means and methods, and by such rules, directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and-with such powers, ?s arc . appointed, directed, and expressed for the railing, answering, collecting and paying of duties, and suing for, and recovering forfeitures, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Ma-jcily Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling if the cxei/e cr new impf fit: his AL.jfy, his hens andfuerefrsy according io the b:oh if rates therein iitfevhd, or ly any law of force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, :s fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were pr.itieu!ar!y mentioned, cxprcflld and enacted by this act, with the like remedy of appeal, to and U r'the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force, relating to ihc-cuties of excise is provided.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the several duties mentioned in the said sche-

dole G. 1: ir'ivui'.to annexed, to be paid by persons haw king about trees, ihr

and plant. 5 for i.dc withm ti: city cf Dublin, or ii\e mile* then of; and b

peribr.s iV liirg or exposing to fa ie within the said city, or five miles thereof, in

Hand, Uri i, ll.td, boot!', erot! :.er place not bring a part of, or in his or her cr-

ing-K’use, ;*sV nCV IT eld life' S waps, prin.f, pamp!.l ess, cl arts, cr drawn

and by jfoils wl'o ' all teii 1 cr expoie tolVde within t hi said city, 0; five n

tiu-reef,

4

The ihiriy-eighth Year of George III. 63.7

thereof, any glass-bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers thereof, A. 0. and by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles i "ty'j. thereof, old clothes in any flail, flied, booth, shop, or in any other place, and Chap. 58. by every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for every house in which said business shall be carried on, by every person selling spirits by retail within the said city of Dublin, or within five miles of the diArift of the metropolis, shall be levied by such persons, by such ways and means, and under such penalties, rules, and directions, powers and authorities as are enacted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for more effectually preferring the peace within the city of Dub-/in, and tlk district of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial watch in the said cityt as fully to all intents and purposes as if the fevera) provisions therein contained for collecting and enforcing the payment of the several duties therein mentioned, were re-enacted in this act, unless the fame be otherwise provided for by parliament.

Vol. XVIII. 7 Y Schedule

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

638 A.D. 1798.Chap.

Schedule A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain floods, Wares, and Merchandises therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries; which Duties so paid are upon due Exportation thereof within Three Years after Import wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the Britishi Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Schedule A.

1 n w a it n s.

Adzes for coopers, the dozen,

Aggets, fmnll ns a bean, the hundred dozen

—, large the piece,

The hundredweight, containing inlbs.

J < , if for dyers use, free.

I Vide allum in drugs, (road or romtlh)

Alphabets, the fst, containing twenty-four

Amber, the ipound -

Beads the pound

Anchovies, the little barrel, containing sixteer pounds of fish - - r

Annotto, the pound

- , if for dyers use, free.

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing iialbs.

Apples, the bushel -

- dried, or pears, the barrel

Argal, white or red, or powder, the It2lbs.

- , if for dyers use, free.

From Great Britain. from other

liritifli. Foreign. Countries.

£ ' £ ' ‘i- £ d.

- < 3i — 27 — 29

- 1 5 - 2 10 - 3 1

- 1 4

6! — I T — 12

—: Si — — 7?

- 2 ij -43 — 47

- 1 7 - 19

- 2 — — 2

It H 3 — *— 3

- 1 1 — 22 — 24

- 2 5 — 2 10

Allies, vocat. pot allies, wood or soap allies, free.

Awl

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grea Bvittfh. lir’ - n. Foreign. - From other Coumrits.

INWARD S. 'if- > ‘l ;. /. d. f. ,. d.

Awl blades, the thousand - r 10; -

Hafts, the groce 3 . - 1 4 - 1 s

Aulgurs, for carpenters, the grace — I 1 - 4 3 — 47

Axes , or hatchets, the dozen9- 1 5 — i 7

Babies, or puppets, for children, the greet*, containing twelve dozen - 1 5 — 2 10 — 3 1

Bachs for chimnies, vide iron. Bacon, of England or Wales, the flitch , -j

——, all foreign bacon and hams, the hundred weight, containing M2lbs. — - 6 4 - 7 -

rt i Tennis bails, the thousand — 39— 7 ‘i - 8 7

« > < Bands of iron for kettles, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs. - - - ~ 7 5 — 11 7 - '2 i

Bandftrings, the dozen knots - 39— 49 — 4 it

Barilla, free as afltes. Bark, from England, the barrel j____

from all other countries, free. Basket rods, three feet about at the band, the bundle - 9k 9t to j

Bafkcts, vocat. hand bask.’ts, or fpor s, the dozen 5919

Bast ropes, the hundred wt. containing uilbs. iT II — I —

_ , , S knottei!> lhe dozen, Balls, or strav/ hats, s — 5 - 1 J — 1 7

C pU'h the dozen 2 4 5

Battery, baihror.es, or kettles, the 11 albs. —1591 14 8 1 17 10

'Amber, vide amber. B.the great groce, containing twelve (mail groce - — 3 2 — 64 — 61©

Box, the great groce - - 3 2 -64 — 6 10

4 Chrvftal, the thousand - - 6 4 — is 8 - >3 8

Coral, the pound - — s 8 -49 — S '

Glass and wood of all forts, the great groce I I — 2 2 — s 4

Glass, the small groce, containing twelve dickers - II

Jasper, square, the hundred (tones - 4 3 - 8 S —92

Beer, ale, and porter., for every 32 gallons - i <5* — S - S «i

Beer, vocat. spruce beer, the gallon si s 6

Beil metal, the hundred wt. containing H2lbs. — 3 <5 — 3 6 — 4 1

Eel.’ov.’s, the pair — — —_5 6

Pipes, the groce — a 2 - 4 3 — 4 7

7 Y 2 Belli

39

A.D. 1798. Chap. S

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

I N W ft R D S.

/"Clapper bells, the pound

A Dog bell?, rbe great groce-, Containiiu

144 dozen -

Horse bells, the Auall groce, containing *21 ’ dozen -

Bilhooks. the dozen

‘ Bits for brid'e-c, the dozen

Blackening, or bmp-black, the nalbs.

-Foils, tl.e dozen

) Knives and forks, the croce

Blades for < h

/Il.izur?, the dozen

1 Swords, coarle, the dozen

From Great Britain. Briufh.

Foreign.

\T'

- 2i

- 1 4 r

h- 1

CUke..f J; . \ocat. j 1 -r'«

L

the m mtle

12 dozen

Books unbound, the pound weight, avoirdu pots -

rof gl.ifs, full or empty, the dozen quarts

"Z <----- being vitriol bottles, each

13 1 of (lone, tl.e dozen

Bows, vocat. ftene bows of dee!, the piece -

Bows (laves, the 120 (laves

- , in foreign ships

Fire, or tinder boxes the groce, containing twelve d izen taxes

Nell boxes, the groce, containing twelve]

dozen

Pepper boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Sand boxes, the groce, containing twelve

dozen -

Soap boxes, the shock, containing threrj score boxes

Spice boxes, the dozen

Tobacco boxes, the groce. Containing! L twelve dozen -

("Lamps, the dozen -

Laver cocks, the pound

Old, or (hrnlT, the hundred weight, con taimng 11 atbff*

Piles weight, the pound

Scales and weights, the dozen pair

Trumpets, the dozen -

2 2

- ' 4 — 2 6

- 1 I — 22

~ 8 5 1 00 bn

10J - I 81

- ' 5 — 2 10

8 — I 4

—4 —

c 29 — 29

f — 22

- I I — 2 2

2y

10 —

1

- 1 ! L 19

- I 1 - 2 2

- 8 s - 8 J

4)

r. o CQ

- 1 5

- 2 10

l

4 3 j— 8 5

7 j- 3

- a 10

(_ r 8

2 to

- s

I— I9

I— 1 1

- 11

|— 6 4 i.

t-

1— 4

5

—10

- 310

- 2 2 3*

6 4 —

—9

I—27

(From other Countries.

& "

- 3

- 3 3

2 4 29* 4

919 110

3

‘ s

|— i 6

2 4

_ III ^-2 4

__910

12 8

- 3 ‘92

3 5

- 3 1

__ 61

__ —11

-4*

- 24

!-----4

- 75

- 2i

[_— 10

I—29

Brick-stones,

The thirty~eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

i n w A R. I) s.

'Tte thous.-.r.il brick-stones

£ I Hinders tjles, to scour with, the thousand

( G-.lley tiles, ike foot (fix to the foot)

= j l.m tiles, the chou&r.d

" graving ides, the thousand

li:imllone, the hundred wt. containing ualbs.

uriilles, rough or undreft, the dozen pounds

- of Muscovy, in foreign fivps

_______dressed, the dozen pounds

_______cf Muscovy, in foreign iliips

Broaches of latten or copper, the groco, con-milling twelve dozen

f B-ard brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

‘Comb brufties, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Mead brushes, file dozen

J Rubbing brushes, the dozen

(Weavers brushes, the dozen

r eoavfe, the dozen

J tine, or head-bruflies,the dozen

J called rubbing-bruflies, the do-v zen

L^ruHies for hats and clothe?, the dozen

Buckles, for girdles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen -

f for girths, the groce, containing twelve

j

e \

3

s5

of hair, vocat.

From Great Ihhain. British.|Foreign.

J.

1

2 2

' — M

to d

96

t 2

of heath,

dozen

r Great, the pound Bugles, \

(Small, or feed bu^le, the pound Bullion, in coin, bars, or plates, free.

Burrs for mill-stones, the hundred, containing

five fc ire -

f Copper or latteny the great groce, con* raining twelve small groce, every groce twelve dozen

Glass, tie great groce, containing twelve small groce

Hair, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Handkerchiefs, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Site, the great gyoee, containing twe'vt small groce

Thread, the great groce, containfng tw. L fn ll^roce - 1

Vol. XVIII.

t 4

_p

1 59

- t i

- 4

- p

- i;

7

2 2

- to

~ S

—9

49

1 5

4

3 a

4 3

3 6

- <5 S

- 2

' 593 8 i z

2 7

1 S

Z [0

S

- 3:

6i

- S ' 1 5

- 2 j

l l

- 44

- I 7 10

- i 5

49

- S 8

o 10

- 7

' 7 5

6 4

- 22

hom oilier Countries.

T s. d.

- 39

- 7 2

- 2

-!«

- >4 5

l

I iS

- 29

1 7

~ 3

- i 7

- 3J

- It

- 9

- 4 7

- t p

- n h- i 7

6 i

- 7

- 8 l

- 6 S

- 24

Cables

64a

A.D. 1798. Chap. 5.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

British.

£. s. <L

- 8*

3 2 1 4

INWARDS.

Cables tarred or untarred, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

Caddas, or crewel riband, the dozen pieces, every piece containing thirty-six yards -

p?er yard -

1 And if mixed with silk (except the CfTcy,] manufacture of Great Britain,

j China, Ferfia, or the East Indies,)

(.. for every pound weight

CalKcoes, printed, painted or stained, per yard

- white, foreign, per yard

/Half Silk, half hair, the yard

I And. (excepting the -manufacture Camcletto-j of Great Britain, China, Ferfia,

/ . or the East Indies,) for every f (_ pound weight

Canary feeds, or AIphiili, the hundred weight, containing mlbs. - - — 7

Candle plates or wallers, of brass or lattcn, the pound -

Candles of tallow', the pound

CandRfticks, of brass or Iatten, the pound -

Candlewick, the hundred wt. containing mlbs.— 8

r for manufactureas use, free.

t wood, the dozen

Capers, the hundred weight, containing mlbs j—* 5

Cap.hooks, or hooks ends, the groce, containing.twelve dozen pair

Caps of \ypollen, the dozen

£ r Flaying cards, the groce, containing twelve g \ t dozen pair (or packs)

45 y Wool cards, old, the dozen pair

q C-----, new, the dozen pair

"Of Great Britain, the square yard

"Short, the piece

Turkey, in foreign ships

£ i-

Canes

Foreign.

89

- n

- 2

Turkey . or Venice

O L

A

g J<

H

Long, containing four yards and , upwards, the piece

—, Turkey, in foreign ships

fSingle, the groce, containing

for J twelve ^ozen

3 J Combs. /Double, the groce, containing (. twelve dozen

with wooden combs, garnished, the dozen'J— a a

4 4 — ~ 3- 3 8 -22

4 4 —

- 4; 8 J

- 10 II 6

3 —

- 4 2*

ij 17 2 -- 7i

-35

49

- 4 3

4 3

- 8 4

From oilier Countries.

£ ! d.

- 12 —

- 6 u>

- I 6

4 4-

2 6

4 4 — —9"z

4

- 7 10

- II

- 12 6

- 34

- 47

iS IS 7 -----8]

- I 2j

- 4 —

- 17 6

I 3 2

- 4 7

—92

- 47

cases

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. British. \ Foreign.

Chains.

s;

Chamlets,

INWARDS.

'with small tvc<y combs, garnished, the dozen -

with middle fort ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -with large ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -

1

O j for needJes, or pm cases, the groce, containing twelve dozen

{the groce, ungilt, containing twelve dozen

the groce, gilt, containing twelve dozen

Catlings, harpftrings, and Uiteflrjngs, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Caveare, the hundred weight, containing i nibs. Cauldrons, or pans, iron, the hundred weight Chafing C of brass or lattcn, the pound disties, £ of ;r0:lj the dozen

f for dogs, coarse, the dozen [ for keys or purses, fine, the dozen Chairs of walnut tree, the piece

'unwatered, or mohair, the yard watered, the yard half fllk, half hair, the yard

And for every lb. weight, if made of, or mixed with fllk, (except the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the East L Indies,)

Chariots, with or without the appurtenances, each -

Cheef?, the hundred weight, containing l/2lbs.

{Boards, the dozen

Men, the grpee, containing twelve dozen -

‘Small, three quarters of a yard long, or middle fort, one yard long the piece -

Large, one yard and quarter long,_the piece

duffels for joiners, the dozen Chocolate, the pound -

Citterns of latten, the pound Claricords, the pair -

Clay called fire dayj and sand, free,

7 Z q

I From other Countries.

£ ' £ ' If-

4 3 - 8 S

I S

- 1 — 2

Cherts

of

Iron,

5

8 5 16 i o'

9

- 18

3 3 6

- 8

4

- 4

3

3

34

- 2 10

98 I

4 7

i

4 4

- 4

- 4

- 96

5 5

- J

- 6i

- 14

> S

—9

- r to < 3

- 44

95 1— 10

- 34

- a to

*43

A.D. 1798.

CKap. 5.

4 7

- j9

19

- 10 3}

- 3

Coaches

The thirty-eighth 1 'ear Schedule A.

ige III.

INWARD S.

Coaches and berlins, with or without the appurtenances, each -

Coals, the toil -

Cochineal, all forts, free

Coffee, of any other than British plantation pro-' duce, for every pound weight therepf

of the BrUifh plantations, vide Schedule C.

Note, upon paying down 3s. 6-1. for f.ic>y hundred oveight, a'ld securtng the remainder oj duty, coffee may lc v:arehcufed in like mniintr, ami under the fame regulations as tobacco.

{Figures and letters, the grocc

Handles, plate?, squares, the groce

fof bone, the pound

of box, the grocc, containing twelve do/.en of horn, for baiberf, the uozen called horse-combs, die dozen of ivory, the pound

vocat. lightwood combs, the grocc, cor.-

Frojn Great Britain.

British.

Foreign.

£. j. d.

- Si

- 6*

- gi

- 6*

for wool, die pair, old or new Comfits, the pound

fof iron for carpenters, the do-Compasses, -! 2011

[_ for ships, the dozen

Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, containlpg 112lbr.

- Kettles, vide battery.

Copperas, free if for dyers use.

- , white and blue, vide drugs.

Cordage, or ropes tarred or uutarred, the hundred weight, containing uslbs.

Cork?, ready made, tire grocc

Cork, the hundred wt. containing i nibs.

’ of iron, the thousand

of Heel, the thousand

Counters of brass or'huten, the pound

Crewel ribband, vide caddas.

Curry combs, the dozen

Cuttle-bones, the thousand -

Cyder or perry, the ton

- —

- S

- i t

- 2j

' — 5

i t

—9~" 4^ — 3

-49

Cork rocks, ) t

I I I o

- 9

- 3 6

- 2 10

- I I r 10

- 2 2

5

- ro

- 4'

- 5

- 5 1 7

- 49

From other Countries.

£ d-

2 6 1 3r — 12 —

- 1 5 7 —

- 3i

1 ‘i

- S 8 3 I

i 5

TS I t

- 34

- 6

- 11

- 6

- 6

9

4 I!

72 J

1 3* 12 4

7 -77 — — 3i

2' 1 6 1

2 1

Daggi

'Thi thirty-eighth Year of Gaorgs III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS. Dagger blades, the dozen Dimity plain, the square yard Dog couples, the dozen

- 2 10

Old drapery,

From Great Britain.

British.

Foreign.

'the yard, coming from ) England,

I from any other parts, the £i (. yard

V)

rfrom England, the yard __ 2£

New drapery, from any other p3rtSj the (. yard

All m.nmfaflures made of wool which are n filed in the tuck'mill, or other machine, whether twilled or plain, as coatings, cajftmers, kefeys, drug* g-ts, German serges, ratteens, and ftch like, by whatever particular name, now denominated, or hereafter to be denominated, fall fall under the description of, and pay duty as old drapery,

f Acacia, the pound

Acorns, the pound

f Album, the pound Adiantum, j

I Nigrum, the pound

S rough or untrimmed, the pound

Agaricus, > Qr ^garjCj trimmed or pared, i the pound , free if for dyers use.

Agnus caftus feeds, the pound

f Confectio, the ounce Alchermes,

(_ Syrup, the pound

| Alknnet roots, the pound

AHum, romlfli, or roach, the hundred wt. containing 11 albs-

- >, free if for dyers use.

- 7

From other Countries.

fl.'T

643 A- D.

1798. Clup. 5.

- J 7

- 6

- 9

- 3 10

Almiet or orcant, the pound

Almonds, bitter, the hundred weight* containing 112lbs.

{Cicotrina, the pound

Epatica, the pound

Alumon plume, the pound

Ambergrease, black or grey, the ounce

Troy -

Amcos feeds, the pound Amomi feeds, the pound Anacardium, the pound ^Angelica, the pound

You XVIII. 8 A

1

3?

2?

H'

- 4 3

—95a

2

3; 2 i 'I

- 4 .7

- 3i

- 11

> S -----3

- 6 —

- 2i

-92 1 1

—. 6 -----2}

~'S9

- 10

3-----3

7

- 3

I— 6 4

- 2

—9ii

- 12 - 6*

- 3

- 16 10

- 2

- IOJ

- 3i Antimonium

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grc Br.iifli. at Britain. Foreign.

I N w ARDS. r. i. d. £ ' d-

r rerudum, the hundred wt.

containing mlbs. — — S Is

Antimonium < free if for dyers use.

prteparatum or {libium,

the pound JO. 21

Argentum sublime, or linum, or quick-

silver, the pound --53

Aristolochia, longa, et rotunda, the pound — 3r

Arsnick, white or yellow, or rofalgcr, the pound - — } 1

free if for dyers use.

Afpahthus, the pound -

Aflufcctida, the pound — " 3

Aflarttm root?, the pound -

Auripigmentum vide orpiment.

Baloultium, the pound — 8

fartificiil, the pGU'kl B.dfamum, i 1 -- 6t 10±

t natural, the pound — ~ 5 9i

Barley, hulled, or French b.ulcv, the t J albs. - 3 - 5 3

in foreign {hips

C5 O o Bayberries, the lies. — - 3 6

free f fur dyers use.

to 3 Bdellium, the pound — 7i

w Ben album, or rubrum, the pound — 5

Benjamin, of all forts, the pound — 1 I

-fv C of the East Indies, the ounce

Bezoar j Troy — — 13

Stone l0f ti1c \Vest Indies, the ounce

C Troy — — 2 —

Black lead, the ii2lb$. — - 7 '°i

Blatta bizantia, the pound — -- 6k

/ communis, or armomeus, the

Bolus V hundred wt. containing 112lbs. IOS - 1 7

Cverus, or fine bole, the pound — U

/unrefined, or tincal, the pound — 7*

’ Borax < —, free if for dyers use.

(.refined, the pound- - 2 4i

Bunkins, liolywortles, or piftolochia, tie

pound — - — Si

Calamus, the pound — — — 10

Cavnbogium, or gutta gamble, the pound - ioi

Camphire, refined, the pound - I — —. i 6

unrefined, the pound — —*9

pCancri oculus, the pound 6i — in

from other Countries.

£ d.

- S (>

- 10;

- 3!

- 4

- St

- lie 6 —

5 I1.

(, .1

3 y

- 51 1 2

2 2 - S 5

- OJ

- 8i

- 2 7i 6

CantharideS;

Drugs, vocat*

The thirty-eighth Year of Georo-e III.

Schedule A.

1 min Ore.i: lYuain. 1'iom ml

iSri iil.

I N A\r A R D S. rCantknrides, the pound Caraway feeds, the i nibs.

Csrdomonir’s, the pound

Cnvlina, the pound

Carolina, the pound

Carpo baifami, the pound

Cnrrabc, or fuccinum, the pound

Caithamus feeds, the pound

Cafiia, fistula, of nil forts, the pound I * V

Liguca, the pound

Caflorenni, or heaver cods, the pound

Cerufta, the 11 alba.

Cctrach, the pound

China roots, the pound

Cliryftnl, in broken pieces for phjTical itfcs, the pound

Ciceres, white and read, th.* pound

Cinabrium, or rmillion, the p.mml

Ciptrus, longus et rolundus, the jisib:

Cetrago, the pound

Civet, the ounce troy

| Coculus, Indite, the pound

I Coloquintida, the pound

Copperas, white, the M2ibs,

__________blue, oCDanfnov Hungary, the

Jl2lbs.

r red or white, in fragments, for Coral, ) physical uses, the pound I. whole, the pound Coriander feeds, the I talbs.

fCaperum, the pound|Guaict, the ti2lbs.

Cortex, J Mandragorsej the pound Tamarifci, the pound CWinteranus, the pound Co ft us, dulcis, and amarus, the pound Cubcbs, the pound-Cummin seeds, the n2lbs:

Cufcuta, the pound

Cyclamen roots, or panis porcinus, ih< pound

I Cyprus nuts, the pound (videnuxeuprefl.

V 8 A 4

l\..:ti;

" -1

Cotmtues.

Ci

(i- s\ d.

2; ~~ i A

6 - .1 11

0 — —9v

- 3

10 J 1 1 1

3 1 ] " 4 2

3" r \ — 4

A h — S

8-V 1 3 ioi

9|- 4 1 [

2l- i~" — 3

5 1 f,

6jy?

A. I'}, i 798. C!i;ip. 5.

- 1 — — 1— 1 ’

C. 1 a 1 1 — — 10 —99

2; 2}

- 10 0 — 11 3

- 4! V

si a

- 11 3 — 11 u

- 3 10 — 4 '

89

- 4 22 — 47

- 4 S — 4 10

3i 3-

- m

s

2

3 5

3i9—

- Si

3

Si

4 4 3

- 2

Daucus

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

I N W A R D S. fDaucus crcticus, the pound Diagrcdium, or fcamony, the pound Diptamus leaves, the pound - roots, the pound

A f. d-

- ii

From Great Britain. British.'|Foreign.

Frorn other

Countries.

Doronicam, the pound

Elebotus, albus ct ntger, the pound Epithcmum, the pound Esuftum, the pound Euphorbiujn, the pound Fennel feeds, the pound Fenugreek, the 11 albs Flory, the pound Flowers, vide leaves.

Folium Indi.e, the pound Fox lungs, the pound Frank incense,of France,parrofinj the 112lbs Galangn, the pound GaUunum, the pound General, the pound Gentian,-?, the pound Glauber falls* the pound.

Guinea pepper, the pound Grains of Guinea, or French grains, the i tslbs. (vide grains.)

Grana, pinrc, the pound

Tinctorum, the pound Green ginger, the pound Gum, animi, the pound ——— arabic,or gum feneca, the hundred, wr. containing u:Jbs.

—, Armoniack, the pound —, Caramen, the pound —> Caranoje, the pound -—f Elemi* the pound } Guiaci, the pound

- Hcderse, the pound

——, Juneperi, or fandracha, the 11 Jibs

—> Lack, the pound —-> Opoponax, the pound —, Sandrachi, or gum juneperi, vide fandrachi.

—-, Sarcocol, the pound —, Seneca, vide gum-arabic.

—, Serapinum, or fagapenum, the pound' —, Tacamahaccx, the pound

A o’-

IOi

I- 4 5 7

44

7

4

4?

i i

I- I 6J

- fii.

' 'i

- 74

3 2

- 4i

I----- Si

4

V-

f. i.

I— 4 io

- 5

- n

- 4s

- J

- a

- 2

i- 6-

- 7

- 3

- 7

- 6

2

3

3 S

44

4i

4 35 34

4f IJ

S

- S

- 6

- 5

- 2 — 2;-

- 3

7 10

- 3 1-- 5

i 5 ----- S

- 6 10

34

I"- g

j9

- 5 1 4

|--n

I- 8 10

- 34

i t

- 4i--- S

- 3i

- 35

*4 — »9

Cum,

Drugs vocat.

7‘he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

From Great iiritaiu. From oil.cr

Schedule A.

ftritiih.

INWARD S.

[Gum, Tr..'g;igant, thepouml

- , Timflorum, vhbgr.ma miclorum.

Gutta vide enmbogium.

Hermodafliius, the pound

Holywortles, vide bnnhins.

I the hundred; containing] Herns of harts I fivekore - 1

or flags, (

J the n albs.

Hypociftis, the pound

I Jallap, the pound

Incense, or olibanum, vide olib.mtun.

Ireos (orris), the 11 albs.

I/higJ&fs, theii2)bs. free, if for dyers use.

Jujubes, the pound

Juniper berries, free.

Lapdantiin, or Japodonum, the pound

Lapis caJaminaris, the ii2lbs.

- ., Contm-yerva, the ounce

- , Hematitis, the pound

-—, Judaicus, the pound

- , Lazuli, the pound

-—, Tulice, the pound

Leaves of roses, the pound

- , of violets or flowers, the pound

i Foreign.

~!.Tl

Cour.inis.

1 7 5 3

Lentils, the pound

r Aloes, the pound Lignum, < Asphaltum, the pound

iNephriticum, the pound Lignum, rhodium, thcii2ibs.

- , Vita:, free.

Limum, vide argentum sublime.

f of gold, the ii2lbs.

Litharge, j mver^ the ujJbs.

Locusts, the pound Lupines, the ri2lbs.

Lyntifcus, or xylobalfamum, the pound

Madder roots, or rubea tin&orum the pound if for dyers use, free.

1 Manna, the pound Marmalade, the pound

Lmck,|the pound

L White, the pound

Vol. XVIIL

49 A. L\ r/yH. CAv.ip. 5-

3 ’ 3

- 5i 6

49- S 3

5 3 - 5 3

- 6 0\

i i ~ 1 2

I-J 2£ — '5 1

1691 iS 4

- It 3

- ,3i 4

4 7 — 4 11

1 i I

- 4. s

- 3i 3-

2 3l — 2 6

- 3t Ji

" 3 3 3

- 27 21

- I I

2 7T — 2'10

- 32 3i

2 ii — 2 6

4 6i -49

3 8i — 3 101

- 3i zl

2 10 — 3 —

- 4 5

- 3 32

- s;9

- 3s 34

- 33 3?

9$ — — 10*

ftlec

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Frow Great Britain. (From oilier Britishi.|Foreign. I Countries.

Schedule A.

If. '

INWARDS,

f Mechoachan, the pound

{precipitate, the pound sublimate, the pound Millium foils, the pound

Mirabolanes, Sdritd> the Pound

C condited, the pound

Myrtle-berries, the pound

Mithridate Venetian, the pound

Muramia, the pound

Muflc, the ounce Troy

MuIkV!lSdrn

and

<ods, )

£ the ounce

Myrrhe, the pound - - j

Nardus.celtica, or fpica romana, the I nibs.

Nigelia,the p'und

'Nitrum, the pound

De benne, the pound

Cuprefli, the pound

Indica, the piece

ux Pini, or grana pint, tli* pound . 1 - 1 —

Piftachia or piftachias, the pound -

Vomica, the pound

Petroleum, the pound

Turpentini* vide turpertine.

Oiibanum, or incense, the I nibs.

Opium, the pound

Orabus, the pound

Orange I Ointment, the pound-Slower j Wa(erj ,he gal]on

Orcant, or almiet, the pound Origanum, the pound Orpiment, orauripigmentum, tile ii2lbs. Ofippiuni huerredum, the pound

- IO'j —

If- f- d- \£- ! d-

- 7t 7

- tot

- 2r

- 4

I 3i — 3i

—9

I- 6

Oleum,

- 4

Ofla de corda cervi, the pound -3 4*

rof almonds, the pound 2

of amber, the pound — I pi

dc bay, the iialbs. i- .8.—

on de benne, the pound ioi

of mace, or nutmegs, the pound - — it IOJ

of rosemary, the pound 9i

of scorpions, the pound 4+

of fpilce, the pound 3

- 7i -9S

- n

- 5i

- 3

- 2 —

- 23

- 2* —

h-.5

2

- 4 !— 10 2 7

i i

!---8;

i ii s

--Si

- 3

- 2

- 2.

- 3

- 21

- 2i

-il

-6 6i

1— 2 2a

73

l1

- 2 — 2

I--It 2

S 3* 2 4i

- Id

- 8 I 4

- 25

- 2 II II

*1

61 8 3i

- Si-----3i

2 10 I— 12 2j ' 7 I— 2 6i

I— I 7?

- 5

!- 3 -i

12 u

_ i 8'

- = Si

- 9

- 8l

Si

Pams

rugs* vocat.

The thirtj-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

fPanis porcinus, vide cyclamen.

Panther, the pound

Pearl feeds, the ounce Troy

Pellitory, the pound

Pepper, long, the pound

Perofen, vide frankincense.

Piony feeds, the pound

Piftachias, vide nux piftacliia.

Piftolochia, vide bunkins.

Pix Burgundix, the mlbs.

Polipodium, the pound

Polium montanum, the pound

Pomegranate pills, the ridbs. if for dyers use, free.

Poppy feeds, the pound

Precipitate, vide mercury precipitate.

Prunellas, or pruins of Brunclia, the pound

Pfyllium, the pound

Quicksilver, vide argentum vivum.

Contta yerva, the pound

Radix

lEfulx, the pound

I

Peonx, the pound ' Scorcionera, the pound Red lead, the mlbs.

Rhabarbarum, or rhubarb, the pound Rhaponticum, the pound Rofealger, vide arsenic.

Roller, the pound

Rubea tin&orum, -vide madder roots.

Sagapenum, vide gum ferapinum.

Alcali, the pound

Sal J Armoniacum, the pound

if for dyers use, free.

Sal gem, the pound

- nitri, the pound

{-Red, alias stock, the mlbs. if for dyers use, free.

White, the pound

Yellow, the pound

Sandiver, the mlbs.

Sandracha, or gumrjuneperi, the nalbs.

f Draconis, the pound

Hired, the pound

- 3

' 4 3t -29

~ 7k

—9

- 43?

- 4 10

1 32

- >3

10

4

a

41

5

- 4 U

- 2*

- 8i

- 4

- 5

- 2

Sanders

Sanguis, j

I

93

6i

6i

- 11

- a

- 5 2 10

- 4

6>

n 6{

6* 2

Sarsaparilla, the pound

8 B 2

- 8 10

!— si ---31

- 9*

Safafras

652 A.D. 1798. Yhe thirty-eighth Yet Schedule A. jr of George III. From Great Britain# British.|Foreign, From other Countries.

r:iiap. 5. INWARDS. £ 1 tl- £ ' £ ' rf-

fSafafras wood, or roots the 11:1b. Scamonium, vidediagredium. — — — 5 'T " S Si

Scjjicus marimis, the piece — t " — I

Scordium, the pound — ,1* 1$

Scorpions, the hundred, containg five fcort — - 4 3 - 4 8|

Sebeflines, the pound — 3! 3;

Seicr montanus, the pound Semen cucumcris, cucurb, citral melon, —- — 2

the pound - — — 12 — — 2 — 2?

Sena, the pound — — of — — 10*

Seldonellj, the pound Spica Ccltica, vide nardus Ccltica, orfpic? llomana.

Spikenard, the pound — -- Si — I 7

6'podium, the pound — 4 4i

Spunges, the hundred weight I — Ji s IJ 4 3 >S «o5

Squilla, the ] islb. — - 4 7i — J 1

Squinanthum, the pound — — I I - 1 >1

Staphifiigcr, the ii2lb. — — II 2j tilt

u Stccliados, the pound Stibium, vide anlimonium praparatum. — *,1 >* 3i

Stonx S ^amuta» Pou,‘d — — I 2s — 1

w tii a a' C, Liquids, the pound Succinum, vide carrabbe. — 3? 3i

Sulphur vivum, the pound — — — 2 2

Talk J ^reen* lhe pound — — — s Si

t White, the pounds — — — l-§ 14

Tamarinds, the pound — 2i 2t

JLemnia, the pound — to* ni

dSigillata,*he pound — — 7 71

Thlapfii femen, the pound Tincal, vide borax, — 3l 3j

Tornfal, the pound if for dyers use, free. — 2

/-Common, the pound 3 Jl 6

1 Of Venice, the pound Treacle, j j\n(j further, for every one I hundred weight thereof both ~ J! - 2 si

L common and of Venice I X — I I I I

Trochifci dc vipera, the ounce troy — — II — r 2

Turbith, |The Pound ' — — II — 1 2

[ I Thapfii, the pound - 7 Turroerick,

2"he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain, i! Britih.|Foreign. "rom other Countries.

INWARDS. 0 r. d. 0 s. d. k r. /. d.

fTurmerickjtlie pound, (if for dyers use,free) — 2\ . — n

f common, the mlbs. — Ill — i iij -32

Turpentine, -j of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus,

(_ the pound — — I 10] — 2 1

Verdigrease, the pound, (if for dyers use,

free) - 3 Si -- s)

O 0 Vermillion, vide cinnabrium. Varnish, the H2lb. - 6 3i — io 6 — II ut

Viscus, quercinus, the pound — — —910

to 3 Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, (if for

fi dyers use free) —. — <S j 6k

Umber, the hundred wt. containing mlb. — — 4 3d - 4 8

White lead, the mlb. — 6 — — 6 — — 6 6

Worm feeds, the pound Xylobalfamum, vide lyntifeus. """ 6 -10 J0j

Zedoaria, the Jiound — 89

Earth, red, the barrel Elephants teeth, the hundred, containing five ~ I I — 1 I - 1 3l

{core - 19S t It y

Emery stones, the hundred weight, containing

I nib. - —' — 7 — 7* Pi

Emery, ground, the pound i X {.

Fans for com, the piece 6 6 3

"For beds, the Ii2lb. - - — 4, 3 -43 — 4 a

of France, for beds, the hundred weight — — 6 4 — y

s2 of Russia, the hundred weight — — 4 — - 4 8

Vocat. eftridge, or ostrich feathers, not

black or white, undressed the pound — — 4 3 — 4 7

of olfvicl-.es, f Blacfc, the pound — -34 — 3 8i

undressed \ whitej t,ie pound . — — 3 si 1 1

Feather beds, old or new, the piece - 3 6 - 3 <5 — 4 i

Fiddles for children, the do2en 3 rl 8

Ferret ribbon, the groce — 8l.

If foreign, mid of fill:, to pay as fiik manu

facture

Fi! s, the grocc, containing twelve do7.en . — I 6 — 3 7 . - yj r—

Fir " fnovel plates, the hundred weight, con

taming mlb. - — t s — 2 10 r— 3 1

Fire {hovels, the dozen - 1 5 — 2 10 !" 3 i

r the barrel I I

i Cod-fill), <:hc hundred, containing fix C score — 4 3

1 Cods heads, the barrel

H'- Cole fish, the hundred, containing f:a score i ___ — 3 i

Guli fish, the barrel — 2 8

\oi., XVIII. g £ Jl.ddocks

654 A.D. 1798. Chap. 7,

The thiriy-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Ik'uith. Foreign.

I N W A R D B. "Haddocks, the barrel Herrings, the barrel Lampreys, the piece

Lings of ill forts, the hundred, containing . fix fco>o

Small, the hundred, containing fix score -

5 ] Middle fort, the hundred, containing S 1 fix fcor;

I Fifii. great, the hundred, containing fix score

r the barrel Salmon, <' t

tpirles, the barrel

Scgl fifii, the fifii

f'Croplings, ti e hundred, containing fix s score

1=1 j I.ubfilh, the hundred, containing fix score

w j Titiings, the hundred, containing fix L score ^Whitings, the barrel Flanders tile, vide briekstones.

rundreflc.V, free Flax < Drefied or wrought, the mlb.

(_.----- —, in foreign ships

Flax-feed, or linked, irce.

Flames to let blood, the dozen Flints for fire arms, the thousand Flocks, the hundred weight, containing 112k. Flower roots, the hundred, containing five score

Flutes, coarse, the grccc, containing twelve dozen Frize, the yard

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

’Armins, the timber, contairpng.forty fiutu Badger skins, the piece . -e Black, thejnccc Bear Ikinc, e Red, the piece u I White, the piece

£ s. d. — 1 I

- 2

I'rcm other Countries.

_1________' ’

__L , r -

2 2-----^— 6 '4

at-----— 2 5

2. 'i

2 1;

4 2l

1 I

t 7

- r 5 j-"

17 11 — ty n

\ Skins, whole, the piece

Beaver, J 3 1

t Wombs, the piece

f unt.iwcd, the umcer, containing forty \ lki:is -

5 /tawed, the timber, containing forty L skins

1

- 4 f

4 3 —

1 4

- 2i

- 3 6

___— 6 8

- 1

- 1 p

1 1 S

! 84;

4 11 1 8

S 7 — 6 4 7 3 " 7 3 1 S — 7

I 7 0

Calabar,

Furs, vocat.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

inward s.

f u , j"the hundr*d, containing five fcoic J-jj ibhck, the hundred, containing five rJ L ^cors Cars pouhs, the hundred, confining five fc^re

Fitches, t! c timber, containing forty /kins /the bla k fox Hein i? / the ordinary (kin ~ (, Wombs, poults, or pieces, the pane

unMwed, the timber, contaln- ing roily skins G'raye’, t]ie tin.b.T, cumaim'-g

C forty skins

r raw, the/kin biack fCiifonf(|) the flvin -

{raw, the skin

seasoned, the /kin -

("Skins, the piece

C Wombs, th. pine

fthe timber, containing forty I skins

J Gills, the umber, containing forty /kirn,

Poults, the pane or mimic -

Tads, flic hundred, containing

L fiv*- fccre

Trom Great Britain. I’ruiih. Foreign.

£ ' — 8

Trom other Countries.

s. <1.

92 — ti 3

4 3 3 2

Jennets,

Leopards,

grey>

IVIartio-:

6S5

A.D.

'70S.

Ch,n.

- 4

" 3 2 5

- 2 10

~ 2 iO

Mrniver,the m.atule

Minks, untrml, the timber, containing forty skins

- , tawed, the timber, containing forty

skins

Moul /kins, the dozen

0;ter /kins, the piece

Ounce skins, the piece

Sables of all forts, the timber, containing foray skins

Wcafcl skins, the coxcn

tawed, the piece

Wolf Skins, ) untnwed, the piece

L twolverings, the piece -

Chills, the hundred weight, containing i nibs, if for dyers use, free.

Gamers, small, rough, the pound

small or great, cut, the pound

_ C for camenrers, the crccc Gimlets, j ‘ b

C for vintncit, the dozen

- 3 8 J By

- to 11

- 5 3 s 8

- r 29

- 2 2 — 1 5 6

- 2 7 — 29

- 2 2 — 2 4

- 8 5 —92

- 2 10 — 3 —

- T2 8 - J3 8

- Ifi IO — 18 3

I I i

- 6: — 1 i — i

- 2 3 — 2 ID

- r, — 6 16 6

- > —_- ~ I

- 6 4 - 6 1 D

- 4 10 - 2

- 29- 3 —

- 2 2 - 2 2 — 2 d

- 2 2 - 4 3 — 4 7

- Ci 4 - 12 D - >3 8

- S'- — I 5 - r 7

- i -j — I9— 2 TO

Girth

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Girth web, the groce -

f Glaflcs for watches, the dozen

Burning glaflcs, the dozen

Glass pipes, small, the pound

- , great, the hundred weight}

containing n2lbs.

Hourglafles, the groce Vials, the hundred, containing five score Water glaflcs, the dozen, of all forts -fthe whole case, containing 24 Window J leaves

glaflcs, 1--- j the half case, (or fide)

L containing 12 leaves -

Glew, the hundredweight, containing U2lb.

Globes, small, the pair, under eighteen inch?:

diameter

0

- , large, the pair, eighteen inches din-

meter

Gloves of all forts, the dozen

- , and of silk, and not British, or the

manufacture of Perfla, or the Fall Indies, for every pound weight

Gold foil, the small gvoce, containing twelve dozen -

Gold and Giver thread right, the pound containing twelve ounces Venice weight

Grains, or scarlet power, the pound

—, of Seville, in berries, or grains of Portugal, or Rotta, the pound

Gravers, or punfons for goldfrniths, the pound

Grindstones, the chalder

"Almonds, thchundred \vt.containing 11 alb.

—, in the flicll, the thousand Anniseeds,the hundred wt.containing 1 r 2lb ' Cinnamon, the pound ' Cloves the pound Cocoa nuts, the pound Currants, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb.

- in foreign ships

Dates, the hundred w,-. containing 1 i.2lb. Pigs, the hundred wt. containing nelb. - in foreign ships

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

/. d.

3 2

- 75 . —9

- 4i

2 11

4 a*

I I

- 7

- 3 10

1 11

2 2

~ 4 3

S 5 3 2

Ginger, of the Fail Indies, or other foreigr plantations, the pound

4 3

- 7

2 4

4 3

From other Countries.

- 4 3

- 3 5

- 64

4 4 —

- 1 3

- 8 S 7

- 4?

-24

- 128

- .4

- 10 6

- I 2’i

- I

- I —

I —" s

- 18 II

-49

- 2 6

- 4 7

92

- 6 10

4 4 —

- 1 4*

—91

—9

- 3

- 26

- 13 8

- 4i

11 7

1 23

r- I 8i

- I -

I 2 —-I 4 10

I — 6

- 5 10

Ginger.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A,

INWARDS.

fGinger of the West Indies, not Bri ifli plantation, the pound

- , of the English plantations, viJt

schedule C.

- 1 green, v*de drugs.

Liquorice, tJic hundred weight, containing II 2lb.

- , juice, or ball, the pound

' Macc, the pound -

Nutmegs, the pound

Pepper, the pound - - t

Piamento, the pound, (vide schedule C.)

Prunes, the hundred \vt. containing 11alb.

- in foreign flaps

Raisins of all forts, the hundred weight, containing 11 lib.

- in foreign fli

Loaf sugars, refined, not being baltards, and all candy, being of the manufac-tureof Great Britain,.for every hundred weight, containing i nib. futtlelbs.

Sugars, refined, called bnftards, and al' ground and powdered refined, and all refined loaf sugars broken in pieces, for every hundred weight thereof, containing in Turtle lbs.

/Muscovado,

________| Juj-lv- / Vide schedules

i

White,

( Refined,

B, and C.

r Corn-powder, the hundred wt. Gunpowder,) containing 11 sib.

vocat.|Serpentine, the hundred wt. con-i taining I nib.

!Camels hair, the pound Elks hair for saddles, the hundred wt. containing ii 2lb.

Goats hair, the U2lb.

Hair bottoms, for sieves, the groce, containing twelve dozen Halberts, gilt, the piece

- , ungilt, the picec

Hammers, the dozen

vocat. horsemen's hammers, dozen

For importation of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs, vide 23 and 24 Geo. III. cap. 25, and continued by 29 Geo. III. cap. 39.

8 D

Handkercherr,

The thirty-eighth Year of, George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign.

o 6

INWARDS.

Handkcrchers, or handkerchiefs, the dozen -

- - and further

additional duties, according to the nature of the fabric.

' Harness plates, vide plates.

roses, the thousand Hatbands, the groce, containing twelve dozen Hats, vocat. straw hats, vide baftr. ‘

—of beaver wool, ot hair, the hat - — to 6

*———, all other hffts, the piece

’Hemp, short, dressed, the hundred weight, containing u zlb.

——, in foreign ships

w Cullen or steel hemp, and all other forts ^ of drefleil hemp, the hundred wt. containing 11 rib.

- , in foreign ships

Spruee Muf.ovia (and all other undressed hemp) free.

Hemp-f ed, free.

Ililts for fworJs and daggers, the dozen

Honey, the barrel, of forty-two gallons

of iron, for pipes or hogsheads, the hundred weight containing M2lb.

- of all ether forts, the hundred weight

v of wood, for coopers, the thousand

Hops, the hundredweight, containing ii2lb.

Horn books, plain, the grocc -

- r, gilt, the groce

Horn for lanterns, the thousand

Horses, mares, geldings, and nags, the piece

Hunting horns, the dozen

Jet, the pound

Jews trumps, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Indigo, free.

£ ' — 11

4 3

it 7

'Hoops, J

- 47

- 4 n

I 6 o ——. io Si

- 2 2

- 4 —

- 22

- 4 7

- 4

- i 8

4 — .4 3 — 4

Ink for printers, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

Intliorns, the groce, containing tw-elre dozen -

'-----—, of giafs, the dozen

Inkle, unvrought, the pound ----- wrought, the dozen pounds

4 21 C 4 I 4 - 3 8 S

4 3 12 2

Fr om other Countries.

£ ' A

- 12 f,

I 29

129

- 4 7

- 13 8

- lj 1C

- 19 3

I (5 3

—91

r — 4 "

2 14 S — 1 10

- 3

- 2 6

- 4 7

\ — S

- 2 4

i — 4 n ’ — [J 8

[-----7

1 3 *5

Inflru-

2

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

Instruments lor barbers and chirur-geons,vocat.

N W A R D S. 'Bullet ferews, the dozen Incision dicers, the dozen Paces or tooth drawers, the < PuUicanes, the dozen

teen -

Trepans, the dozen

unwrought, for every ton

!small, (not exceeding half hundred weight,) tire pie,

large, exceeding half a !u dred weight, the piece

Bands for kettles, the hundred weig containing H2lb.

Doubles, vide plates.

Hoops, vide hoops.

Irons, box irons, the dozen

—, Smoothing irons, not box, the dozen

——, Stirrup irons, the dozen pair

Iron ore and cinders, the ton

- Liquor for dyers use, free.

Juice of lemons, the pipe (free if for dyers use)

Junk, called Old Junk, in pieces, not exce ing five fathoms in length, the ton

Ivory, unwrought, the pound

Kelp, the ton

Keyknops, the groce, containing twelve do2

Keys for watches, the groce

ten knives

Carving knives, the dozen

Coopers knives, the dozen

Cullen knives, the groce, coni dozen

Curriers knives, the dozen Drawing knives, the dozen

dozen

From Great BnlMl. Britain. Foreign. ’rom other Countries.

£ > d- " A: d-

5 10 11

7 — I. I — 1 2

7 — r 1 — 1 1 — r 2 — 1 2

__ 5 6

- 1 I — 22 - 8 4

- IO<5 a — 10 6 — ID 6

- > s — 22 — 8 3

- 2 10 - 4 3 - 4 6

- 7 s —11 7 - 12 3

- 2 7 — 5 —i — 5 6

- Ill — 3 10 — 4 8

- n - 35 - I 5

6i 1 1 CS 4-1" 34

- 8 5 — 16 10 - 18 3

- 10 6 I0 6 - 12 3

L 3 a - 3 - 3 8

n— 22 - 4 3 - 4 7

J— a 7 Te — s — - j

es 4 89

4 89

- 49— II — — 12 X

- 1 1 ve — 2 2 — 2 4

- 1159118 6

- 2 6 - 5 - - S 6

10 r« — 1 8 — I 10

- 1 10 ve — 5 — ’ - 5

3 8 L 6 4 — 6 10

8 D 2 Skerknives,

A.D.

179S. Chap. 5.

66o

A. D

1798. Chap. 5.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

British.

INWARDS.:

3 /-Skerknives, the dicker, containing ten o \ knives -

« J Stock C ungilt, the dozen stocks

J L^n*vcs I gilt, the dozen stocks

f Bone lace of thread, the dozen yards

Crewel lace, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

Of gold or silver, or {fiver and gold, ihe pound Troy, or Venice weigh*

Gold and silver lace; the ounce Troy

Pomct lace, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Purl or antlet lace of thread, the groce,; containing twelve dozen

( Bone lace of all forts, the small pound, J containing sixteen ounces

to /Lace of nil other forts, the pound C containing sixteen ounces

Ladles, vocat. melting ladles, the hundred wt. containing ualbs.

Last blocks,- the dozen

Latches and catches, iron, the dozen

Laths, the thousand

(black latten, the hundred weight,

Latten,) CCn,aini"S n-lbs' ‘ '

vocat. /{haven latten, the hundred-weight, L containing mlbs.

rthe ton, containing twenty hundred weight

£ > d.

- 4

8 3

- 12 3

- 4 3

- 8 5

195

- i* —s

Lead,

milled, or sheets, the hundred weight ore, the ton

(of gold, the hundred leaves, contain-r five score

r or gold, t ) :ingfiv<

Leaves, j

( of silver,

the thousand leaves

T - rVide oranges.

Lemons, ) 6

i Pickled, the pipe

Limes, the barrel, (free if for dyers use)

juice, the gallon (free if for dyer6 use)

British, brown, or white, free. Conditionally, 4 G. 1. chap 6.

/-Dutch bams, and Heflen can-« \ vas, the hundred ells, con-

an\ as, ) ta^ning fjx score

v0 /* And further, for every square

C yard thereof

Foreign.

£7~i.

- 8

- 11

2126 f— 159

4 3

- 61

"75

- 7 11

12 8

- 11

- 8 5

- 2 2

~ 8 s — — 6 ---27

- 16 10

1 5 2

- 8 j

- 16 to

- 4 3

- 2 2

7 17

5 10 3

- 3 3

- 2j

- I I

~7i

- 7 11

- 12 S

- 1 1

- 8 5

1 1

- 4 3

16 10

- 6

- 3

- 149

- 6i

From othci Countries.

- 9

-is 3 1 7 4

—92

- is 3

- 4 7

- 2 4

8 1 —

S 12-

—92

- 1 2

- 8 1

- 89

- 149

- 1 3

—910

—, 1 2

- 47

-18 3

- 6

- 16 —

- 6i Packing

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

5-f

inward s.

'Packing canvas, guttings, and spruce cjuvas, the bundled elis, containing (20

And further, for every fqu..rj yard thereof

Polcdat ics, Spruce, Elbing or Queen f-borough canvas the bolt, containing 28 ells

And further for every square yaid thereof

The above, antI in every such case, the additional duty of 6d. per yard is appropriated to the encouragement cj the linen manufacture.

r

I f )'nrd

I Tabling, J S',jefia making, the

£ I yard

5 J

c ' /of Holland making

Towelling and s ^ard Napkining, /of Silesia making,

the yard

of Holland making, the

J y»rJ

Tabling ~j Silesia making, the ' yard

Napkins of Holland making, the dozen / of Holland making, the

TOandinS i - '

Napkining, j of Silesia making, the L yard

Drillins, and pnckducks, the hundred ells, containing fix score

and further for every

Prom Great Britain, j Prom other British.|Foreign. 1 Countries.

square yard thereof Bag Holland, of Holland making, the ell , and further for every square

yard thereof Linen rags, free.

Litmus, the hundred wt. containing mlbs. free, if for dyers use.

Lockers, or chapes for daggers, the groce, containing twelve dozen

-9

t— 6

8j|1 IO

10 1 ( — II

7* j — 8i

3* r — 3l

—1 i_ 1 t

61 p — 7

4 6 10

4l - — 4i

3i - — 31

6 - 10 3

6i — — 6i

5 — 1 7

6k -

I 2 S

mmm_3 I

(561

A.D.

7i)S.

T d. / ' ,i.

- 12 S r'3 8

6k 1 6;-

- 3 10 r~ 4 2

64 «v

And for and upon all damask towelling, napkins or cloths, made of flax or hemp, not being of the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty ol 6d. by the yard, if the fame be yard wide, or under, and of is. per \ard, if the fame be above one yard, and under two yards wide; and of Zi- per yard, if the fame he two yaids wide or more.-

Budget

The thirty eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Budget or hanging locks, small, the groce, containing twelve dczui

twelve dozen 'Box, chest and cupboard Ibcks, the groce

Horse locks, the dozen Spring f double, the dozen Doc-ks,|fi,g|e) the dozen

Stock f double, the dozen Locks,|pin^C) t])e dozen

Looms, called weavers looms, free.

Lutes,

I Venice making, with cases, the dozen

Lute-ftrii

Mjulder, (free if for dyers use.)

ings,

twelve dozen knots vide harpftrings.

\ vine no

| Minikins, the L tvcidvr* ilnze

twelve dozen knots

'fop madder, and all- oth madder, the hundred weight containing t i;!bs. at madder, the hundred containing 112lbs.

containing l !2lbs.

Magnus, the hundred wt. containing nzlbs

Maps printed, the ream-

Marbles for children, the thousand

Match, for guns, the twenty pounds

Methcglin, the hogshead

Metal Leaf, except fiiver or gold, the packc containing two hundred and fifty leave’s

Mithridate, the pound

Mortars and pestles of brass, the pound

Mum, the barrel -

Muslin, (plain white) the square yard

Itfails,

vocat.

the'thousand Copper 'nail's, rc

nails', the {*uin,

sand Harness nails, l ten thousand

From Great Britain. TVom other

Britishi. Foreign. Countries.

£ > £ ' >' £ ’

- 2 8 - 39— 64

- S 3 — 11 7 - 12 7

- 2 7 — 5 i — S 5

10 — 1 8 — I 10

- t9— 3 S - 3 8

- i i — 22. — 24

- 2 2 - 4 3 — 4 7

- l 4 - 2 7 — 2 p

- 1 13 8 1 16 5

- 5 — 10 593

69to

- 2 10 — 5 8 — 6 1

- 2 7 - 2 7 - 3 2

> - > 5 - ' 5 — 1 ,8

7 — 2 1 7 — 21 8 — 26

- 5 — 16 10 - >8 3

- 6 10 — — 10

2 2 3

- 4 3 - 8 5 — 92

- I — 22 — 24

- 42 — 4 7

I3 3i 1 1 LO

- 64 - 12 8 - 13 8

- (Of — 1 u2 —

- I' 1 , — I 1 — 1 3

- 1 5 5 — 2 10 — 3

1 1 M Is* t— 2 10 — 4 3 — 3 > — 4 7

Head

Thb ihi'r'y-eighth Year of George III.

r> i ^ a From (»k-U Britain. F orr. od

Schedule A,

Onions,

I N W A R b> S.

/-Head nails, the barrel Nails,) Small nails, the half barrel i-oeat. ) Spring nails, the sum, containing tci.

L thottfand Neals tongues of Raffia-, the dozen

/'Sewing needles, the twelve thousand Needles, vocat. yPack needles, the thousand

t Sail needles, the thousand

Small nuts, the barrel

Nuts,] the band

vocat. I

(Walnuts, the barrel

Oaker, the barrel

Oakum, the hundred \vt. Containing mlb:

Ore, vocat. iron ore, the ton

Ohv.es, the hogshead

the barrel

) the hundred bundles

/Seeds, the hundred weight, contain-L ing 112lbs.

Oranges and lemons, the thousand

Orchal, the hundred weight, containing mibs. if for dyers uf;, free.

Oil doth, the yard

'Oil of jessamine, the pound

Oil extracted from juniper berries, free.

Oil of vitriol, free.

Linked oil, or rape oil,by subjects, the to-’

—;-----» by Grangers, the ton

Seville, Majorca, Minorca, Apuglia, Florence, and Portugal, by subjects, the ton -

~~r'"' - i by Grangers, the ton

Salhd oil, by subjects, the ton

- } by Grangers, the ton

Greenland, by subjects, the ton

l_———, by Grangers, the ton

Oil, head matter, or other produce of whales, or other creatures living in the seas, taken and c-ught jin any part of the ocean, by the crew of any Grip or vdfel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ifljnds of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly- owned by his Ma* jcGy’s subjects usually re&ding therein re*

British. /. a. 16 to 16 \o

-49

it Britain. Foreign. ' Co

1 /

—9

29

3

- G

- 5 " 19

- 8 5

- 3!

s.

i >3 i

i S

- IT

i i6 t H>

9*5 3*

3

1 S

29

6 8

96

S92

9

6i

9'S 3± 032

1 M

- 3

- 8 - 15

3

8 2* 1 ioi 12 4 8 to 1 —

4 2

I 16

- 3

—9

" 17

- 3

d.

5

5

7

3

10

-1

2

4

5

to 5 10 16

4 8

5 1

7 *4

8 16 1 1 1 4

063

A. ' 1).

1 -of). Chap. J.

4i

8

5

9

9

4

IO-J-

4*

5

speflively,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

spectively, may on importation be admitted to entiy, and landed without payment of any duty whatever.

Nc/et For Britishi plantation and American oil, vide schedule C.

OyBers, pickled, the gallon

Packthread S *n ^cans» hundred weight

C vocat. bottom thread, the ioolbs.

(Dripping and frying pans the Fans, vocat. ) hundred wt. containing nslbs.

( Warming pans, the dozen -

Blue paper, the ream

Brown paper, the bundle

j Cap paper, the ream

o Card paper, die ream

" Gold paper, the fniall groce

Pre $ng paper, the hundred leaves

Paper of all other kinds, except paper hangings, the pound weight, avoirdu-, poise

Pasteboard for.books, the thousand

Parchment, the roll, containing fix dozen fiieets -

Peas, called garden peas, the bushel if for fowtng, free-

Penners, tl.c groce, containing dozen -

Piercer bits, the groce, containing twelve

dozen

Pike heads, the piece

Pikes,

f without heads, the piece

t with heads, the piece Pincers, or plyers, the dozen Pins, the twelve thousand

Pipes,

Pitch,

vocat.

- twelve dozen

for tabors, the dozen

mall band, the last, cout barrels

Blips

reat banc barrels

1 Blips

in foreign

’ in foreign

From Great Britain. 1 British. j Foreign. rom other Countries.

s. d. . s. d. i: ' '

35 - 6i — 7

- 6 4 — 12 8 - >3 8

" 5 3|— !0 6 - 11 5

-5 s' -96 — 10 2

- 64 - 12 8 — 13 8

- I I II — > 3

3* 71 8*

9- i I IO — 2 —

8 — I 8 — I 10

- > 5 — 2 IO — 3 1

- 19- 3 2 - 3 S

3 4 4

- > S - 1 5 — 1 8

- 5 5 — t 1 — 5 5 — 6-1

-43. -85 —92

- 2 iJ: -42! — 4 7

1. 1 5 __

4791 — — 10

6 - 1 — — I -

- j —9— — 10

- > 7 -43 — 4 7

10 — 1 8 — I 10

- a; — i<5 10 - OS 3

- 4 3 - 4 3 — 4 n

- 6 4

- 68 -68 — 7 10

- 10 2 PJai

The-thirty-eighth Vein- of George III. Schedule A.

i n w a r d s.

Pl.-ju irons, the dozen

weight

of ccd.v, ti.e foot

of England. iV- hund tainim; five fcoie

containing 30; plates

Double, white or bhrk, the barrel, containing 300 plates

Harnefi plates, C con,|n.

LIron doubles I ins

PLivlug tables of walnut tree, the pair

of thread, the great groev, containing 12 small giocc

Plates,

vocal.

Points,

ing 1 2 (Vital! grecs

f fine fill:, the fin.t'I ing 12 dozen

TV-,

1’rirain, China, Perth), cr the EJi Indies

Pomegranates, the thous.md homy, or pumice hoiv-', the t»--n

fCcuered, the 1 co call, con-

i t 'itiin.r live feu re

Pots, voc.it. of; , T . , o

n Uncovered, the icocalt, con

'.iTvlior Hone, J

taint.a gillon to every

c, vixiiit-r in one pot or

mare

fCdlypots the too conit-ining five J tee.re

Iron, :i-.r excea ing J, gallons each, the dozen -

nicking poti for gob smiths, I he too

hAll pots and kettles of iron, the dozen

hriating letters or types, the hundr.d weight

Pul’its of iion, ti.e grocc, containing ulliis, j 12du7.cn

) of woe.!, the grocei containing 12 (. dozen

Quinces, the hundred

Ib^kets, the piece

Paddle, the barrel

ipcfecdj-the quarter

| From Grc|Eritiih. at'iVuain. Foreign. Front ether Countries.

\C- ' A. /; ' a. s.

3 5 6

- 3 8 - 3 S — 4 5

- 0

- ' 4

- 6 4 - & 4 - 7 —

- 12 S — 12 S -14 —

- 2 2 — 43 -47

‘9- 1 5 — 1 7

- 2 2 — 4 3 - 4 7

- 4 3 - s 5 —92

- 3 2 -64 — 6 M

- 4 4 -- 4 4 —

- 49— tin -98

- 6 — — 6 — — fi j

- '8 1 — 10 n — II 4

~ 7 5 —11 7 :— 12 3

- 6 4 — 10 6 - " 3

- 32 - 6 4 — 6 10

6 10: 10

- 18-11 1 11 6 , .3 8

- io 6 1 1 — 1 29

- '3 8 1 4 2 1 s "

- 2 2 — 4 3 ^-4 7

5 10 II

1

- 1 I — I I - 1 3

- 2 1 2 1 — 2 5 i Rallies

665 A.D.

! 70S. Ch;ir '5.

The thirty-eighth Year fl/" George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Rattles for children

f the groce,

J twelve doze:

' with hells, the

dozen

the dozen -

Razors, the dicker, containing ten Reaping hooks or tickles, the dozen Regulus, the hundred weight

of fills of all forts,.and all other ma

From Great Britain. British.|Foreign.

From other Countries.

Ribband

fof I

I

jug sixteen ounces

I of gold, fiber, or both, the pound. L containing sixteen ounces

Rice, vide schedule C.

Rims for sieves, the groce, conti dozen'

f for curtains, the pound

Kings,

dozen

twdve dozen to each groce

Imir, llie groce, containing dozen

wire, the groce, containing_dozen

every hundred weight

- , and if imported in any foreign built vel

for every hundred weight thereof

Saddles, of fled, the piece

Safliore, the hundred wt. containing 11 ;ib. ifdbr dyers use, free.

Safibra, vide Barilla.

Saffron, the pound -

S.ft, 'White df a 1 i forts,

llie buQiel, containing dpju gallons

- , In foreign ships

Suit, vocat. Rock salt, the ton

Saltpetre, the hundred weight, containing 11albs.

["Frame saws, each Hand saws, the dozen Saws, vocat. Leg saws, the piece

Tenant saws,: the dozen JWhip-saws, the pjece z

/'. /. d. £ < i- £. s. d.

- 2 2 — 4 3 ~ 4 7

s /O

- 2 2 — 43 ~ 4 7

31 7*. 8

-'4 3. — 4 3 - 4 n

- ro 6 i - 5 5 5 6 y

- id to 5 IS 7

8 S y

- uj 3 r — — 4

- Ill — 2 1

1 - 2 2 - 4 3 — 4 7

- I I — 22 — 2 3

4 8 8

c i — II — i —

- 7 , — 2 7 - 2 7

- 23 — 26

- 2 2 — 4 3 — 4 7

- 8 5 - 8; —9to

- 3 2 It - fi 4 — 6 io

- 2 — — 2 — — 2 —-

’g 3 3

-43 — 4 3 - 4 tr

8 — i .4 - i 5

p - 1 s - 7 7

p - ' s - I 7

- 1 S — 2 10 - 3 i

6} — I I 1- I 2

Scales

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

s.

Scales,

From Great Britain. jFroni ether Bii-.illi. I K'rtijjn. jCimiinES.

C.

INWARD for razors, the dozen \ for scabbards, the bundle, containing 106 -

L Vide bras?.

Scarlet powder, vide grains.

Scifiors, the groce, containing twelve doztn Scythes, the dozen Scythe-stones, the dozen

Sea holly roots, the hundred weight, containing 11 libs. Sca-horse teeth, the pound

( Cinque foil, or clover, the pound Seeds,

t Millet, the hundred weight

Vide Drugs, for feeds of agmis cofeas, pir.cos, amomi,° carraway, carthamus, coriander, fennel, piony, poppy, and femen ihlaphi.

- , (other feeds) for ganiens, the pound

Sieves of hair, the dozen Shag, (tuff, or hair, the yard

f vocat. forceps, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

for glovers, the pair

garden fiieers, the dozen

o for feamfters, the dozen

to ._(new, the pair

for flieermcn, i

( old, the pair

sheep filters, the dozen

Jbr taylors, the dozen

Sheaths for knives and forks, the groce

Shot, the hundred weight

Shru/F, or old-br.tfs, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs-

Shumack, the hundred wt. containing i i2!bf. free, if for dyers use.

forgazine silk, the lb. containing sixteen ounces

Silk, raw, not being of the growth or culture of any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for every pound weight, containing twenty-four ounces

Satin silk, the pound, containing sixteen ounce* -

Silk nubs waste or hulks, the pound, con tabling twenty-one ounces

Thrown silk, (undyed) the pound, containing sixteen ounces

Thrown, silk (dyed) the pound, containing sixteen ounces

s. d.

- 3

667

A.D.

1

Chap. 5.

- 4 11

- 22

- 7

- 4

- 7 — — 7

1

7

5

-9—

- 4

- 7

- 2;

- 1 1

- 2 10

ii-----2i

8 -

2

- I

5 2

599 7 7

-64

- 1 3*

- 4 3 3

- 3 6

I- 5 3

27

3

7

- 3

- 5

4

3

3

1

3

7

1

1 ,35

4 'I

' — 3

8 Fa

- 4

- 6

3

China

668

A.D. 1798. Chap. 5.

'The thirty-eighth Year of George. Ill

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

British).

INWARDS.

fChina damalk, the yard

Cloth of gold, plain, the yard - — 85

- , of hiver, wrought, the yard - — 12 8

—of tissue, the yard - - mi —

And further, if of the manufacture of Great Britain, I’erfi, or the Halt Indies, an additional duty per yard of ——

> \ Othevwtfc, and not the manuf.-chire of Great Britain, an additional duty ftr every pound weight thereof -

All ftlks wrought of the fabric or manu-fatflure of the Kali Indies, Icily, or any part cr places whatsoever, the pound weight, containing {i\?»x*u ounces — J I

Sik manufacture, not otherwise nt-d,

L mixed with gold, fiver, or both, the pcuu i 1 5 3

Sheet: for v.hitflorr, the ikeel - 1 i

Smalts, free. i

Snuii'. the pound - - 8

Snufilvs, net being i.-.ctjei red or j:.panned, p< r

dozen - - —r — y

Soap, J voc.u.

f Black, fycc.

allilc, or Venice, the hiuidr.i containing 11 alb.

Spades for gardeners, the dozen

Spangles, of copper, the thousand

Spcflaclcs, wit! cut cases, the groce, contain-j ing twelve cozen -

fSpirits perfectly made, and not exceeding j single proof, the tytlon - j-

Brandy, geneva, and otlu t foreign spirits' perie£tiv made, and not exceeding hi gh proof,- the g dlon -

- , -n foreign shins

Rum, not of the British plantations, the gallon -

- , in foreign fiiips, the gallon

~ ——, of the Eritifli plantations, vid*t Scke-du!e Ci

-And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quali’y of'.single spiriis, an additional duty for Rich spirits to he paid in proportion to the duties payable for singltj,spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spiriis shall bear to ringle spirits of the fame denomhiation.

And by 33 Geo. 2. cap. 10.. AH. Jjsrtth or other 'tnixed spirits^ imported into this kingdom, /bail he dtemed ana taler: to heJingle spirits, cr spiriis perfcflly vuifc) and pay as such -

Foreign.

C- /. d.

~ 5~ 8 5

- 12 8 I —

- >5

4

- 4

5 .2*

From other Countries.

- 6 7

- y to

- 14 y I 4 6

4 4 —

1 7

16 ic

1 /

- 3

4

5

<5 3

5. J?

6 3

Spoons

T.he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grs Britishi. nt Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

I 3MV A R S. Spoons of horn, the groce, containing tuelvt 0 t. d. f. d. £. s. d.

dozen " Spunges, vide drugs. — I 8i — i 8}

Standilhca, of brass. the dozen - 4 — 2 6 — 29

cf wend, the dozen 5 10 II

} covered with leather, gilt, the piece9— ‘ s — > 7

- , vocat. pocket ftiuidifhes, the dozen 3; 6

Starch, the hundred -weight, containing Inlbs. Steel, wisp or long Heel, the hundred weight — 6 io — 6 to PO 1

containing H2lbs. — 3 2 - 3 2 - 3 6

Stockings, of silk, the pair , ami for every pound weight of illk -43 — 4 3 — 4 11

not British m.mufadlure for men or women, the a 4 4 — 4 4 —

pair ( woollen 4 4 4i

- for children, the pair ) for men or women,- the*)

pair - C worftet for children, the pair 5 fStone birds, or whifiles, the small groce. 8 4j 8 41 10 5

containing twelve dozen 5 10 11

Ulood Hones, the pound Dog Hones, the last, containing three pair — ii. — i i — 3

CJ o to the last Emery Hones, vide emery. — 4 - 6 4 1 CO <-1

> Flag Hones, the hundred feet - 5 — - 5 — — 5 "I

ti 0 rJ2 Mill Hones, the piece Pumice Hones, vide pomy. 1 - 3 6 - 4 8

Quern r large, the !..ft - >7 4 - 17 4 - r8 S

a>"'s’i small, the bit — 3 2 - 3 2 ~39

Sira Jilick Hones, the roo, containing five score w hats, vide basis. — II 2 — 112 — 114

Sturgeon, the firkin , the keg — -64 - 3 2 — 6 IQ -35

Succards, wet or dry, the pound Sugar moulds, or pots, the hundred, containing ,89

five score Sugars, vide groceries and schedules B. and C. Sword blades, of Venice, Turkey, or fine blades. — 49 - 7 11 - -8 s

the dozen - , coarse, of FlanJers-making, tht — 3 2 — 64 6lO

dozen - British, vide blades. -43 - 4 7

669

A.D.

798-

Chap. s.

Tabic

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From (ircat Britain. British. 1 Foreign.

INWARD S.

Tabic books, coarse, the dozen

- j fine, the dozen

Tables, fPlaying tables, of wainfeot, and all vocat. ( other forts, coarse, the pair

Tacks of iron, the thousand

Tallow, the hundred weight

Tar, small band, the Iaft, containing twelve

- i 2

barrels

in foreign fiiips

—, great band, the last, containing twelve barrels

- } in foreign ships

Tarras, the barrel - - -----8

Tea, green, for every pound weight thereof

- black, bi»bca, or other tea, for every pound

weight thereof

——And if the fame flv.ll have been purchased at the East India company's file in London for an higher price than two shillings per pound weight, then an addition.!) duty of two pence for every six pence Uririih per pound weight, that shall be paid for the fume, above the said sum or price of two Anilines I'-ritifli’ at such sale: the price thereof to be inserted in the cocket, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books of the Fail India company.

Teazels, the thousand

Thimbles, the.thousand

' Bridges thread, the dozen pounds

Crofljow thread, the hundred pounds, containing live score

Of gold and silver, vide gold.

Lyons or Paris thread, the bale, coiitain--o j ing one hundred bolts

js ! Outnal thread, the dozen pounds

Piecing thread, the dozen pounds

Sifters thread, the pound

Whited brown thread, the dozen pounds

Tiles, called pan-tiles, vide bricks.

Tinfoil, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Tinghfs, the hundred wt. containing inlbs.

Tinsel, with copper, the yard

- , with right of gold and silver, the yard

Xinfliore, the groce, containing twelve dozen

£. /. d.

1 2 2

2 I- 4 3

From oris?r Curntrut.

1 5

- tU

£ d.

r 2 4

- 4

- fii

- 5 3

3 io 5 3

Si

- 6 4

- 7

6 4 - 8

- > r

- 2 10

2 10 $ — 12 8 16 io

3 2

- 4 II

- ,3 8

-911

2 IJ -8

- 13 8

- 6

5 4

- 7

I I

- 6

- IS

- 3

- S

5 5

2

4

- 3 Tobacco

- 7

- i

- 2

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Tobacco or the produce of Great Britain. North America, or of the British plantations, imported cither from Croat Britain, or from the place of growth, per pouim Weight -

- , ami if imported by Grangers, or by any

laws now of force, be fuhje£fc to aliens duty, then n further duty per pound weight of Subject in both cases to inland duty of excise.

' Tobacco-pipes, the grocc

Tools, vocat. carving tools, the-groce, contain' imr twelve dozen

Tortoise fhel),‘ the pound

Trays of wood, the Ihocki containing sixty trays -

Treacle, Blunders treacle, the barrel

- , of Jean, the pound

- , and further, for every hundred weigi t

thereof -

Trees of all forts, free.

Trowels, the dozen Trumpets, vide brass.

Twist, for band firings, the dozen knots - of gbld or silver, the ounce

Tin, of Cornwall and D -vonshire, unwrought, the hundred weight, containing ! nib.

- , vocat. grain tin, free.

- 1 wrought, vocat pewter, the hundred

weight, containing ii2lb.

Trenchers, white fort, common, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

- , red, or painted, the grocc, containing

twelt e dozen Turpentine, oil or spirits, for every pound weight

Vellum, for table books, the /kin Velvet, the pound Vvndter, the hundredweight, containing n 2lb, Viols, thrpicce

Vic harps, thedozen Vices, for faiths, the vice Vinegar, the ton Vizards, the dozen

Vrax, the hundred weight, containing 112U).

——, vocat. hard wax, the pound

Weld, or woold straw, the hundred weight, if for dyers use, free. 0

V

From Great Britain.

Foreign.

British.

2 2 ~ 7

- 22

1 1

—9

<1 3

’ 8 5

" 5 ' 1 3

- 17

1 1 1 —

- 2 10 " 1 5

- 3

- 9

r it 6

- 2 7

__3 ----- -9

l-iom other Countries.

rrrr

_7

- 22

- it) 10

- 1 8

2 2

1 S

- S 5

" 5

2 6

- 1 1

5 5 —

- 210 2 10

- C

- 1 S

6 .7 1

- 5 1

9

—9

- 4 7

- 26

- 13 3

- '2

1 1 —

- 24

'7

910

- 6

- 29

86

-34

- 3 1 — 6

- 1 7 6 810

- 6 2 8

- 4

67I A.D.

i-cA.

Qi^j,

8 G 2

Whalebone,

b72 A. -0

<a

i j'.jO.

Clup. v

The thirty-eighth Year of Geers

111.

Schedule A.

From Great Ur;!

Ericiili.

r. /. A.

INWARD S.

Whalebone, caught or cured by Britishi orlrilk

subjects, the hundred weight - ^2

Fins of whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vessel, built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the i(les of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owmd by his Majesty's subjects, usually residing therein respectively, are upon importation to be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. Vide feltedulc C

Whale-bone, not Britishi or Irish, caught and cured, the hundred weight

Whet-nones, the hundred (tones, containing five score

Whip cord, the pound

Whittles, cocks or bellows, the groce

- , cocks or birds rf ttone, the fir.all grocc,

containing twelve dozen

Whiting, the hundred weight

Woad, voc.it. i/l.ind or green v/ond, the ton containing twenty hundred weight if for dyt rs use, free.

Woad, 'iholoufe, the hundred, containing jialb?.

if fer dyers use, free.

f great, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty balk

- , in foreign flvps

Note, All great h u'hs of eight inch, jqiure, aid n:nva>\irt are to he -rated ana pa\' ns timber.

ii \ Midnle, under eight, and above five inches ftjunre, the hundred, containing 120 balk

- , in foreign ships

Foreign.

l\ s. ti

- 2 7

Small, five inches, and under, the hundred, containing 120 balks

f-----, in foreign ships

f Barrel, the 1 :o boards

- , in foreign ships

Clap boards, the 120 boards

- , in foreign ships

Pipe boards, or pipe-holt, the 120 boards

- , in foreign ships

Box wood for combs, the thousand pieces

Brazil or Pernambuco wood,^vide sche-

Ernzillctto or Jamaica wood, £ dule C.

Deals, the hundred, containing fix score

- , Being 8 feet in breadth, and rot exceeding 12 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2- inches

4 3

1 8 — 2

5

- 10

7 4

6 4

m a!;cr Gauntries.

1 »3

6 4

- 6

- 3

4 5

5 fi

- 11

- 4

- 3 4

1 17 10

2 6 3

__ IQ IQ 1— 10 10

1 j-— 6 1

3 6

- 16 10

7 —

- 8 3

- 10 n

11 1

6 4

- 6 10

- 2 (5

3 2

4 1

- 8 s !—

910

Deals,

Wood

The thirty-eiohtb Year of George III.

Schedule A.

i N w a R D s.

Deals tli- hundred, confining fix score

- , in foreign fiiips

- :— inches

- , in foreign Drips

- 37 inches

- , in foreign fiiips

£ ' £ '

From Gie..- Britain.

Bririfii. j ioreign.

Trom oOr. r CounliiiF.

/. x. d.

~, in foreign fiiips —.u inches

- , in foreign fiiips

—, Being 12 feet in length, and not exceeding 14 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 24- inches

- , in foreign fiiips

- 2 inches

- , in foreign fi.ips

- 31 inches

- , in foreign fiiips

- 4 inc) C8 - in foreign fiiips

- y 10

- 10 8

11

- , 4* inches

- , in foreign fiiips

- , Being 14 feet in length, and not exceeding \6 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickr.efs 2$ inches

- , in foreign fiiips

- r—, finches

- , ir foreign fiiips

- r, 3r inches,

- _-----1 in foreign fiiips

- ;-----, 4 inches

- :-----, in foreign ships

- , 4! inches

- , in foreign {Lips

- , Being \6 feet in length, and net exceeding t8 feet in lmgth, and rot ex cecding in thickness inches - in foreign fiiips

- , 3 inches

- > in foreign fiiips

- , 37 inches

- , in foreign fiiips

- , 4 inches

yol. xviii.

9*910 — 10 6

11 3

T2 4

r !3 3

673 a. n.

1798.

Cliaji. 5.

11 S

10 3

3 8

11 6

i-t9

12 -1

IS9

'3 2

> 16 10

11 6

'49

12 6

- 16 —

- it 6

13 :1

- 14 10

- 12 7

- 13 8

- ,14 8

- 159

8 H

13 r7 4

18

'3

19 8

3 1 16 n

14 2

- 18 4

- >5 3

- 199

- 16 4

! I 2

- ‘7 j 2 7

- 14919 —

- 16 —

1 — 7

- 17 .2 1 2 2

» S Deals

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule A.

inward s.

I3e;tJs the hundred, containing fix fcorc

- f j, foreign ships

- , 42 inches

- y ;n foreign ships

ceeding in thickness 2\ inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3 i inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 4 inches

- , in foreign ships

41 inches in foreign /hips

- ends, the hundred containing fix

score

—, Being under five feet in length, a not exceeding in tljickncfs inches

in foreign ships

3 inches

in foreign ships

3^ inches

in foreign fhtps

- , 4 inches

- , in foreign flops

- , 4* inches

- , in foreign ships

ing in thickness 2\ inches

- , in foreign ships

- f 2 inches

- y in foreign ships

- , 3inches

- "t----- in foreign ships

inches in foreign ships

4-3 inches \

ih foreign ships'

From Go. at lVua’.n.

Frank [ Foreign.

£ J- " £. s. d.

- 169

- *4 — — 15 2

- 164

- —

- 17 6

- 189

6 i

- 2 I — = 3

- 26 — i 8

- 2 10

! i 1 ! 1 I — 2 10 3 — 33-

i j 1 1 ~~ TT. -36-— 39

From c'.h'.r Countries.

1 39

- l9 7 5 4

- I(> 5

1 1 1

- 179

1 2 10

- 192

1 4 7

1 — 6 t 6 4 1 in 1 8 8

2 6

3 2

2 8

3 J 2 11

39

3 1

4 —

3 4

4 3

3 3

4 3

3 7

4 7

3 16

4 n

4 1

5 3

4 5

5 8 Ebbny

Wood.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARD K.

Ebony wood, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

- If of Africa, a ad imported from

thence or from Great Britain, unmami-fafluved, free.

Fire wood, the fathom

- , in foreign fiiips

Futlick,

Logwood,

Red or Guinea wood,

Speckled wood,

Mads, capravens, being boat mails of twelve inches circumference in the middle, the hundred, containing fix score

- , in foreign fiiips

From Oreu Britain.

British.

ti

Vide schedule C.

- , for fiiips, fnull, the mast

- , in foreign fiiips

- , middle, the mad

- , in foreign ships

- , great, the mast

- , in foreign fiiips

- 7 8*

- 1 3

- 28

Oars, the hundred, containing fix score - in foreign ships

Spars, booms, the hundred containing 120 — , in foreign ships

small, the ico, containing fix score —, in foreign fiiips , Cant, the hundred, containing fix score -

- , m foreign fiiips.

Staves, viz. barrel staves, pipe staves, headings, or other staves for making calks for every thousand, at fix score to the hundred -

Sweet wood of the "West Indies, the hundredweight, containing H2lbs.

Timber, the ton or load, containing fiftj feet -

- , in foreign fiiips

Foreign.

49

- 1 3

2 8

- 184

1 13 3

Trunnels, the thousand

Wainfcots, the hundred, containing fix score

in foreign fiiips

§ H 2

1 .9

3 J3 6

6 4 18 4 4 "

l 13 3

- 28

- 19

- 1 1

3 '3 c

From oilier Countries.

5 6

- I 7

9"

- 11 7

- 1 4

S

- 1 10

- 3 n

- 6 S

-is

1 1 —

1 6 3

- j 6 6 8 2 6

- 3

1 13 ro

1 15 —

1 ~i

- 3 1

- 2 <S

- ‘ 3

3 '7 -

4 4 —

Wool,

67S

A.D. 1798. Chap. 5.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

WocI, of all forts, free.

- and nuartern wire, the pound

Iron wire, the hundred weight, containing 11 a!M.

- And further, (except Britishi) fm every one hundred pounds weight

Lation wire, the hundred weight, contain inginlbs.

Steel wire, the pound

I Strafborough wire, the pound

Virginal wire, the pound

‘Cable yarn, the humired weight, containing H2lbs.

—, Camel or mohair yarn, the poutr containing sixteen ounces

the pound Cotton yarn, ^of Turkey, the pound

Grogram yarn, the small pcuml, containing sixteen ounces

Raw linen yarn, Dutch or French, the pound -

Seal yarn, the pound (Scotch yarn, the pound

Spruce or Muscovy yarn, the hundred w

1 containing it2lbs.

Woollen and bay yarn, the hundred weigi l_ containing uslbs.

r.

- 43

- $ 3

- io 6

3 i

- 4 (S

From Great Britain Bntifti.

d.

Foreign.

f~Tl.

- 8i — S3 2 12 6

- 9

5 " 2 —

r~ 3*

- i}

- 14-----2

From other Countries.

- 9* — 6 2 2 12 6 r 29

- p

- y — ? i

- 4

- 3j

-7 - 1-7

4

- 8 2

Note. An additional duty of fix pound*! pc- centum, to he paid cn t!ic full amount of the Oid duties, (except sugars), if inpoited by rctailc;s or confuiiMS.

Scht

!FIk thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule B.

77 A.D. 1798.

No. T. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty, or otherwise.

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on due Exportation of Wines, except to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

No. III. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of East India Sugars, and of all Sugars, not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacturee of the British Colonies Or Plantations an America or the West Indies, or of the Manufacture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof

Schedule B. No. 1

For every Ton of "Win" imported,

If not futyeft to Aliens^ IJuty.

Duties onWines.

INWARDS.

Trench wines

Portugal and Madeira wine, Spa-nifli ami "Canary wine, and-all wines of the d-minims of Spain, and the wines of Na* pics and Sicily

Rhenish-wine

All other wines

Filled,

Urifilled.

£ s. J. £. d.

5 4 ‘7 2

3S 2 x

50 15 - 44

32 14

29 7 idji 16 19 71 i

29 18 41! 279— 3

If subject to Aliens Duty.

Filled.

£< ! '<* j6 411

I6 7 94 3C 19 4J

Untiled.

£ , d.

52 6 8

33 2

23 7 n{

31 13 4? 29 - 7

-Note—An additional doty of fix pt -mds fer ea-tu'n to he paid on the full amount of the said dutiej if imported by retailers or confmrers.

A J

-Stltedulc

678

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule B. No. II.

Drawbacks on every ton of wine exported, except to the British plantations.

Drawbacks on Wines.

Not having paid Aliens; Duty.

Having paid Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ ' £ ' £. x. i. £. ,. ,1

French wine JO J7 2\ 479— 5| 51 u 8 43 2 3

Portugal ind Madeira wines, Sp 1-nifl) and Canary wines, and a!i wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples inn Sicily 30 2 2 28 4 — j 29 14 43 27 if> 2

All other wines 23 — top 21 12 n j 23910J 21 12 U

Schedule B. No. III.

Duties.

Duties and Drawbacks on East India, and all Evccp( from Great ilntatn

Foreign Sugars.

I E

O

£ssi-i iS'§ s'?. «a Si? ?. S".~o

g l.dw

I S 5^ S asjlJ M’O S 0‘S

On ifr.forta-uon iioiuGt.

and

dr,-. I)r' jk cn exportation.

mlbs.

INWARDS. £ > <i- £ > i.

the hundred weight, containing

- ' 12 ill '9i

hundred u*t. containing iralhs* 593r 2 s 3 5

hundred wt. containing mlbs. 5 <5 10j; 4 17 8i

Sugar.*, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof British money, according to the gross price nf u htch such fug.:rs shall have been publicity sold at the East India Company’s sale in London.

And an additional duty of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny on every hundred weight thereof, containing nslbs.

4° 19 Si

2

Schedule

7be thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule C.

679

A.D.

7.)S. Chap. 5.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the hnpoit.v.ion into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wales, ami Merchandizes therein enumerated, being the Growth, l'loiiuA, or Manufacture of the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, whether impot ted directly front the limi Plantations or from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Importation thereof from this Kingdom.

No. II. A Table of the Net Duties payable noon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom therein '.numerated, to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. III. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British. Plantations in America, or Settlements on the Coast of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported from thence.

No. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins, and Teas, to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof to 'the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively.

No. VI. A Tabic of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. VII. A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa

Schedule C. No. I. Ddtycniroportft* lion from America or the Wc8 Indici. Duty on Importation from Great Britain, and Oran-back on exportation.

1 1 I zf < £ s d- £ '

r imported with proper certificates, free.

Allies, Pot ) . , or Pearl, ) hut on failure thereof, the hundred — 3 si —

Blubber, vide oik

Cochineal, free. ' Hit Coffee,

The thirty-eighth Year ^ George III. 'Schedule C. 'No. J.

i n w

Coffee, the pound

ARDS.

excifi duty.

Copper ore, the hundred weight

Furs, vide ,fl:in$.

t Groceries,

Ginger, the hundred weight, containing M2lbs.

Piamento,the pound

mlbs.

- Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, the hundred weight Hemp anilifliiz, free.

Hempfetd, and fl^foed, free.

f Cow or ox hides, tanned, the pound i Elk, videjikins.

piece

tanned,- the pound

Indian hides, undressed, the piece Lofli hides, the pound

Raw or umlreffed, of steers, cows, or othei [ except horses,.marts or geldings, free.

Hops, the hundred weight

rlndigo, free.

;Iron, unwrought, *Pig, or Bar iron, free. '.Mulafles, the hundred weight

O

K

tun, containing 252 gallons

to Great Britain ( 252 gallons

frilling, the tun, containing 252 gallons

tun, containing 252 gallons

to Great Britain or Ireland, the 2^2 gallons

Dutyonlipporta-i lion from America or the-West Indies. Duty on Imports* lion from Great Britain, and Drawback c»* Exportation.

£. s. J. 6 ' £ i- i-

M

It II — M 4* — 2i:

- 1 "t 7 i«'6

*" *" d*

J.’f

9k «’

- 3 i — I llj

- io{- —

6 8 8j 4 10 3r

3' 3' — 2 ro^ [

- .1(5 !8t’t — 13 sa

- J3 - 11 Jil

» :7i’t r I’ .5 4t*

- 14 4.r —-li

’ — 10 8'ri —9*/»

Pitch

3

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule C. No. I.

Datvonlmpnrra- Du:y onlmporta-uosilrom A;m- lion iromOrc.it rion or the Well Britain, an j Indies. Dr.ub.idc on

' Exportation.

I N \\r A K D S.

Fitch and tar, the Ia(i, containing 12 barrels, each barrel net exceeding 31-gallons

Rofm, the hundred weight

Rum, vide spirits.

Sago powder, or vermicelli, free.

Silk, raw, imported with proper certificates, free.

f Arinin or ermin skins, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins -

Badger skins, undressed, the piece

Bear tkins,white, undressed, the piece

Bear skins of any otiier colour, undressed, the piece

Beaver skins, of the proJuce of his Majesty's dominions in America, for every five score skins

Beaver wombs, the piece

Buck or deer Heins, undressed, and buck ") or deer ikins, Indian half-dressed, [ the skin - j

Calabar skins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 'Ikins -

Calabar Heins, untawed or undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins -

Calve skins, tanned, the pound

Cat skins, undressed, the hundred skins

| Coney tkins, the dozen -

% Deer skins, vide buck skins.

Dog fish skins, undressed, the dozen

Dog skins, undressed, the piece

Elk skins, the skin

Ermin, vide armin.

Either Heins, undressed, the piece

Fitches, undressed, the timber, containing 40 Heins

Fox skins, black, undressed, the lkin

Fox skins of all other forts, undressed, the (kin

Goat skins, tanned, the dozen

Goat skins, raw and undressed, free.

Hare skins, undressed, the 120 skins

Hufle skins, undressed, the fl:la

Kid skins, dressed, the hundred, coinu.ling 5 score

Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, contain*:;? 5 score -

L

Vol. XVIII K

£. s. d.

- 11 n

1 8 ’

1 6

- 11 11

- 7'2

- 11 11

- 5 ni — S‘l

- 2 -S ’

~ 2 Si

I I l}

- 4}

- 11 11

- 3H

- 2 ' 2

Al

- " 4t

- 1 Sv

- 3 115

2 1 y 7

d.

6 I

8°,

- 10 10

- 6[ — 10 10

- 5 5

- 1 9f

- 10 10

- 3l

- 1 10

- 2i

- 4t

- 1 4»

~ 3

2 14

1-arab

68a

A.D. 1798. Chap. s.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

c Schedule C. No. I. h'.yon Imports. tion from America or the West Indies. )utyonImporta-rion from Great Britain, and Drawback on Exportation

INWARDS. £ s- d. £ ' d.

r Lamb/kins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 Lamb /kins, dressed in alktm, the hundred, con- — 2 II| — 2 8i

taining 5 score Lamb (kius, dressed in oil, the hundred, con- — 15 to? - 6 3u

taining 5 score 2 3 ST 3 Si

Slink lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 — 1 Si - r

Leopard /kins, undressed, the piece — 7 — 6 f>i

Lion /kins, undressed, the piece Martins or martrons, undressed, the timber, con- —* 2 II| — 2 8/

taining 40 /kins 2 19 7 2 14 2

Martins or martrons tails, undressed, the 120 Mink /kins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 — II II — 10 ic

/kins Mink /kins, untawed or undressed, the timber, I 3 10 i i 8

containing 40 skins - - — 17 10; —16.3

Mole Ikiits, undressed, the dozen 2i — ti

Moofc /kins, undressed, the piece — 2 IlJ — 2 81

A O O Mufquafii /kins, undressed, thq hundred skins — >4 <ci — 13 6i

Otter /kins, undressed, the piece - I 6.’, — i 4*

9fe -1 Ounce skins, undressed, the piece . - — 3 9l — 3 4-f

T3 B Panther skins, undressed, the piece — 5 n; — J 5

C Pelts of goats, dressed, the dozen ..— 2 111 — 2 .8J

W Pelts of gosts, undressed, the dozen — 1 si —’4l

Pelts of nil other forts, undressed, the hundred -.111! — 8 if

Racoon /kins, undressed, the hundred skins — 14 IOi. — 13 i

Sables, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins 8 l8 .9 3 2 6

Sables tails, or tips of fables, undressed, the piece Seal skins, free. -7 A 6i

Sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen 10' y

Sheep /kins, dre/ftd in oil, the dozen — S 'i — 2 8 5

Sheep /kins, otherwise dressed, the dozen Squirrel /kins, undressed, vide Calabar,/kins. — 2 . SI- — 1 9T

Swan /kins, undressed, the piece II yT I O-l

Tyger skins, undrtfled, the pic.cc 2 I I A — -2 85-

Weazel /kins, undressed, the 120 IlJi I Gb1

Wolf skins, tawed, the piece - 8 Hi — 8 11

Wolf skins,-untamed or undressed, the piece — --6 jc] — <5 .2i

Wolverings, undressed, the /kin 4 — 3.91 — % 4t Stbiits

4

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule C. No. I.

D .*yonlni5'Cjta- Dutyor-Importa-

lion from Amo-' tu.ii from Grc.it ricaortheWefti Britain, and

INWARDS.

Spirit, rum or other spirits, the gallon,

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of single spirits, an additional duty for such spirits, to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination,according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to single spirits of the fame denomination.

SMufcovado, the hundred weight, containing

Whiter the hundred wt* containing i i2lbs.

Refined, the hundred wt- containing nalbs.

Sugars, not being the growth of the Britishi plantations, or of the manufacture of Great Britain, vide Schedule B.

Bounties on export of sugars refined in this king* dom, vide Schedule F.

Tar, vide pitch.

Tin, unwrought, free.

Tobacco, vide Schedule A.

Turpentine, the hundred weight

fOf Britishi or Irish fifiiing, imported in fiiips be-<A 1 longing to any of his Majesty's colonies or

Indies.

\£-~ — 4

i

plantations, the ton, containing twenty hundred v j weight

~ j Of Britishi or Irish fifiiing, imported in fiiipping r|belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, t containing twenty hundred weight

[6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, j the mast -

j 8 inches in diameter, and under \z inches, ~ \ the null -

12 inches in diameter, and upwards, the mafi.

'-Yards and bowsprits to pay as mails.

Brazil, or Fernambuco wood, the hundred we.

Bn :i!letto or Jamaica wood, the hundred wt.

Fuflick, ‘the hundred weight Logwood, the hundred weight Nicaragua wood, the hundred weight Ked, or Guinea wood, the hundred weight Mood, not ntkerwife rated, the hundred wt.

But if for dyers nfe, and regularly imported, entered and lanced, free. T

Ail wood for dyers use, imported from any place

v/’i.itiofver. Jrec

- 18 Ilf i II

5

6 lol

Lieu back Exportation.

~ 2 Si

2 Tp 7

99k

- 3 7i

- <S 3 i

- 2 10/-

Si

9v

- 18 11 i ir 5 5 6 l0t

r 12 6

- 16

3 Art 6 SZ

Szpin

8Kz

684

A.D. 1798.Chap. 5.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. I.

INWARDS.

Doty oidmporta-Duty onlmporta. t:on liom Anic-j lion frtmGrcai rica or lluAVcft Kritain, and Indies. Prauh.ick on

Exportation.

£ '

1

'Sapan wood, mahogany, or other wood, die pro* du£k of any part of America, or the West Indies, free.

Wood plank, wrought timber, except malts, yards, or bow fprits, unwrought timber or lumber, the growth or product of America, or the West Indies, and imported directly from thence, or from Great Britain, free.

Speckle wood, of the growth of Africa, which shall be imported from thence, for every hundred weight thereof -

tain

and if imported from Great Bri*

o

o

Beaver, free.

- , cut, and combed, the pound

Colton, free.

4 9h 4 5 rV

17 ici

Schedule C. No. II. Doty.

0 U T WARD S. £ ' ‘I-

Allum, the hundred weight, containing mlbs. — 1 —

lrur, called grey rabbit fur, or coney hair, the pound 3i

Glue, the hundred weight, containing Il2lbs. — — IC

Hides, calf skins, kid skins, tanned or tawed, and not dressed in ’ oil, and fiieep skins tanned for gloves or basil, the hundred weight - li

Hides, dressed in oil, the hundred weight 1 3?

Hops, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs. — 1 6

"The ton — 6 8

Ordnance, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs. — 1 —

Old iron, the ton - 1 c\ CO

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing iiilbs. 6

Iron. Wrought, viz.—adzes, axes, hatchets, armour bits, knives, locks, fowling pieces, muskets, pistols, feifliirs, stirrups, all carpenters and gravers tools, jack work, dock work, and all ironmongers wares, perfcdlly manufactured, the hundred weight, containing M2lbs. ... 6

LNTji’b cf all forts, the hundred weight; containing idbs. 1 — 3

Kids

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule C. No. II.

out w a rs._

Kid's Iuir, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

I.-pii cuhminavis, the toil -

Le;ul, call or uncall, the fodder, containing twenty hundred wt. head ore, the ton -

1/uharge of lead, the hundred weight, containing 1 \ albs. Logwood, free.

Parchment, the dozen -

'Calf skins, dressed in oil, the hundred weight Black coney skins, with or without silver hair, for every fix score skins -

Goat skins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix fee re thins

Gem skins, tanned with f for every f,x fccrc nUts.t fumack, to referable *j

Spanidi leather, £ for every pound weight

fthe hundred, containing fix score

5 |* p tawed, and not untied or dressed in oii, the hun-- j -a \ dred weight

I tanned for gloves or bafils, the hundred weight

< '"dressed in oil, the hundred weight

tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

tanned for Roans, and not dressed in oil, the hundred weight

'dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Pelts, the hundred, containing five score

All pieces or parts of skins,’ tawed or tanned, and not dressed' in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

All pieces or parts of skins, dressed in oil, for every 2cs. value, thereof on oath -

And besides, the hundred weight

£ ( Hard, the hundred weight,- containing 112ibs-

co I the barrel -

f new, the dozen

old, the dozen

Woollen cloth, white, called broad doth, the piece

And also the several goods and merchandizes enumerated in Schedule E. (and not in this Schedule C. No. II.) are to pay duty re-fpcdively as therein mentioned.

8 1,

Wool cards.

1 t> — y

1 1 3

- 10 —

- 2 8-

- 7 oi

- II 2;-

3 7 r

- 6

6

- 6

- 31

- 5

Vol. XVIII.

Schedule

The thirty-eighth Year of George ILL Schedule C. No. Ill,

686

A D.

1798.

Chap. 5.

0 u X Vf A H 1) S.

For every gallon of /ingle rum or spirits of the produce of the l)ri-tifti colonies or plantations —

; For every gallon of Angle, brandy, or geneva, or foreign rum

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits, single .—

: For every gallon of rum or spirits, of the Dritifli colonies or plantations, above proof, so much in addition 10 the duties , paid on import as wUl.amount in the-whole to -

'For every gallon of brandy, geneva or foreign rum above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to - ..__

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits abpvc proof, so much in addition to the duties pjid on import as will amount in the it hole to ^—

t!.

- 15?.’

5 i:,

- 8 A

i

- 3

: Schedule C- 'No. IV.

OUTWARDS.

Do TV.

£. r. i

f.Cotton woo], of the growth or produce of America or the Wcd Indies exported from this kingdom in any other than British or Irish shipping, navigated according to law, for every lool. value thereof -

And so, in proportion for any greater or less value.

'fieaver wool orwombs, imported from the.British colonies or-plantations in America exported from this kingdom, for every five icore pounds weight thereof -

Ana foin proportion for any greater or less quantity.

5 ig. s

90 'Cl

Schedule

Callicoes and Muflinc.

The thirty- eighth Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. V

Du TV.

GB]

A.D. 1798.

Clnp.

'D R A W 15 A C IC S.

The vrole dutk:. paid on imp.rtatiui of callicres ar-c; n:uf-Jins 10 he drawn back on duo export to any'Britishi a-uie-s merit on the coail of Africa, within three years alar the' import thereof.

Bu: if expo:red without being printed, painted, flamed, or dyed in Great Britain, ilicte liiall be paid over and abuie-the-ininon duties for c\ery iocl. value thereof

Accordir.gto the gross price at which such goods fljalJ have been publicity sold at the East India company’sfahrs, and To in proportion for any greater or lei's value.

If exported to anvBrirish plantation in America or the West Indies, without being printed as aforesaid, so much'of the import duties shall be retained upon every rool. value thereof ns shall amount to *— — —'

According to gross price afeerrained es aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

But if painttd as aforesaid, and exported to the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies as aforesaid, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to

According to'(he gross price Vfcertained as aforesaid, find Co in proportion for any greater or left-value.

’z

’The whole duty-paid on importation of teas shall be drawn back on due exportation to ony’Britishi colonyor plantatT on in America ornhe West indies, within three years after importation thereof.

If-exported to any-Britishi settlement on the coast of Africa, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof-as shall amount- to'

'According to the gross price at which such teas shall have been publickly sold at the East India company’s fake, and so in proportion for any greater or left value.

If the duties paid on the import of such teas do not amount to 13l. ios. iod. for every such tool, value, the exporter shall pay a duty, which with the duties paid on import shall amount to the said sum of r^l. ics. iod. upon every such 100l. value.

13 16 ic

Si i

Drawback

688 The thirty-eighth. Year of George III. A.D. 1798. Chap. 5.

Schedule C- No. VI.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported British Colonies or Plantations in America \Weil; Indies.

to the or the

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been . Foreigr imported is: Ships.

Filled. Unfilled. , Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS, €' J* 2XT C- ' J- I. £ S* (I- Ttr C- r. d.

French Wine Rhenifli, Geo. many or Hun. 30 n 4 4 46 16 2 12 1 47 18 2 4 H >9S 4

gary wine - Portugal or Madeira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other . wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Si- 25 ‘2..r- I4f 23 '3 .9 Si 22 12 6 !4r 2o i 19? r

cily. 32 I 7 6! 33 3 J <! J 31 27 11-8 —

All other wines 27 7 10 1^24 18— —^26 2 .1 1,^2393 19J'

Drawbacks

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 6P9

A.D.

Schedule G. No. VII. cS^.

Dr awbacks on every Tun of Wine exporter! to the British Settlements on the Goaft of Africa.

Having been imported in Britishi or Irish Shipping.

Filled.

OUTWARDS. £ s. <L r

French Wine

Rhcnifii, Ger many or Hungary wines

FortugalandMn-dcira wine, Spanifii am' Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily

35 7 ~ 14

n 1 2 4«

Unfilled.

£ ' d.

32 S 4 2

ft r-2 10 15.

8 11 6]

All other wines 17 1311 1 U

20 p 6 6) 15 4 *9:.r

& ' d.

l 7 2 14

Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled.

r- a

29 2

Unfilled.

1

s —it

5 10 2 ty.'T

20 t8 10 — I<5 531,

18 6 '3 15

11 fij 4

S M

Yol. XVIII.

ildiCvluic

7be thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule D.

690

A.D. 1798. Chap. 5,

A Table of the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as are not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedules A, R, and C, and not by any Law prohibited to be imported, into this Kingdom, or exempted from Duty.

-Ail apparel, artificial flowers, millinery ware?, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prints and pictures, furs, all gilt, painted, bronzed . and.enamelled wares, threads, haberdashery,

hardware, toys, laces of thread, cotton, worfied or silk, all spun cotton, thread or f cotton twill: in fkains . cr hanks and not . in cop?, pickhs, perfumery, and-grocery . of all kinds, (except fug.u.s.) orange juice, not being for dyers ufa, tape, foreign linens,

and all manufactures of flax and hemp imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath -

And for every square yard of foreign linen, a further duty of

All callicoes plain, and muffins worked or figured, hut not printed or flamed, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

- And for every yard of; such callicoes, a further duty of

And for every square yard cf such muslin:, a further duty of

AH mufiins, being worked or figured, but not printed or stained, ranuls and all other stuffs or manufacturvs of cotton, cr of cotton anti linen mixed, whether plain, printed or shined, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, imported, for every hundred pounds.

value upon oath

And for every square yard thereof a further duty of

AH china, earthen, j.ipanned or lacquered ware, and all dings, except far dy<rs ule, fat e\cry hundred pounds value upon oath

Frcm Great British. Prom othrr British.

£. d.

- 6i

- 61

Foreign: jCoi.n ruf.

- 61

a: it —

- 6{

1 O' 10 —

ft r —

All

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule D. From Great Britain, 1 British. Foreign. jprom other [Commies,

All dice imported, for every 'hundred pounds value upon oath - £ s d. 10 10 — £ - £ ' *. 22 1$ —

And fer every pair thereof a further duty of r I— 10 0 — io 6 — io 6

All foreign glass, imported, for every hundred pounds thereof value upon oath 6o -

Provirious of all forts, not being groceries, including peas, potatoes, See. for every hundred pounds value upon oath 5 5 — 5 5 — 7

Paper hangings, for every hundred pounds value upon oath - to 10 — 10 10 — 12 J —

And a further duty for every square yard u — 2

And for every ream thereof, not of the manufacture of Great Britain, a further duty of — I I — i r

Plate of gold and (liver, for every hundred pounds value upon oath JO TO — 10 10 — 12 5 —

And for every ounce ttoy weii-ht, of gold or silver plate imported, a further duty of C5 6 — 0\

Ail other goods, wares and merchandizes what-' ever, not being particularly enumtrared or described, or eihcrwife charged w'th duty, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof upon oath - - 10 — 10 10 — 12 5 —

6 5V

Schedule

The thirty eighth Year of George III. Schedule E.

o. s. 5-

A Schedule of the Net Puties payable upon the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

\ Duty,

O U T W A R 1) S.

Allies of Irifit wood, the l.ifl, containing twelve barrels of all oilier Ports, for every aos. value on oath

Bacon, tl.c flhvh -

- nrt it: Hitches, for every'2os. value on oath uT the barrel -

v )

P (the c.ircafe

Bones, vocat. ox bone?, the thous.ind . — not mv.iufatiurnl, for every ids. value on oath Butler, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing njlbs,

t Calves valves, for every 25s. value on oath Calve Ik.'ns, for every so* *, value upon oath -

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing H2ibs.

Coney hair or wool, black or white,' the pound - -fur called rabbits fur, grey the pound Furriers wallc, for every 205. value on oath

Geldings or tugs, vide horses.

Graves, or greaft*, the hundred weight

Gins, vocat. ox guts, the barrel

- of ether animals, for every 20s. value on oath

Ihrns, for every 20s. value on oath H 'arts and skirts, for every 20value on oath

fHarts hair, {lie hundred weight, containing nslbs. g < Uorfe hair, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs.

c 1

i llumm hur, for every 20s. value n oath

I Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

)w0x or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

lli'.rtlhotn, {helm red weight, containing mlbs.

Iieinp feed, th.: qj.irtcr, containing eight bulbils

' and untanneri, into Great Britain, the hide

Hides, an(j untanjud, to any place except Great Britain,

the hide -

£ > e.

- I 8

- 1 6

- 6

- 2i

- 6 —

- 71

- 1 6

5? he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule E. outwards.

Hogs, or pigs, the piece

- hnlj the hundred weight

fOf bucks, (he hundred

Coats horns, the hundred weight, containing iialbs.

J Ox horns, the thousand Z Of ramr, the theufimd r. Of sheep, the thousand £ Stags horns, tile hundred 'sips of horns, the thousand Jiorn (havings, for every 20s. value on oath

/-Horfts, marcs, geldings or nags, into Great Bti-Horses, vocat. 1 or ;my Enj;Kfh plantation, the piece

- into foreigi

L parts, the piece Hoofs of all forts, for every 20s. value on oath

r Cloth, flaxen or hempen, free.

Linen, v

£ Rags, or flireds, the ton

Linseed, or flax seed the quarter, containing eight busheJs

Manures, vide soap boiler’s waste.

Oxen, cows or fleers, the head Oysters, in pickle, the small barrel

Pigs heads, for every 20s. value on oath Pork, the barrel -

Provisions of all forts, not herein enumerated or described, for every 20s. value on oath

Rape-feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels

Sheep, the head

"Badger skins, the piece

Cat skins, the hundred

Calf.skins, vide calve skins.

Deer skins, the piece

Dog skins, the dozen

g Fox skins, the piece -

rf'j Goat skins, the hundred, containing fix score

'f Hare skins, the piece

Kid skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing score -

Kips and runners, for every 205. value upon oath Lamb skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing score

Kite, lamb skins, and wool of hmb Jlins, mi? Ic ftp-irate!? tx/y;

U Great Britain, and m lamb Jkin, "whither fink or fitirg! from which the wool shall no! have ban talen if, shall be txporii., front this Kingdom, to any place ivbatfecvr, under the penalty of th forfeiture thereof.

Du TV. d.

- 11

- 2*

- 6

- 2 6

- I 7* p

- 3 3 3 J 8

- 3 3

- 1 6

- 6

- 26

- I 4 3

- ji

- 3

693

A.D. 1798.

Chap, s-

Maneon

694

A.D. 1798.

Chap. 5-

of Otter,

5 i

J4

zC

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule E.

OUTWARDS.

Maxteon skins, thepiece -

raw, the piece

tawed, the piece

-wombs, the mantle

black, with silver hair or without, the hundred, con. £ tailing one hundred and twenty

ffeafoned, the hundred, containing fix score

grey, s (lag, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

(-tawed, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty -

Sheep skins, tawed with the wool on, the hundred, containing fix score -

Pelts, drclt or undred, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix score -

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

Squirrel skins, the thousand

Stag skins, the piece -

Swan skins, the piece -

Wolf skins, the piece

L-. - tawed, the piece

Slugs of -horns, for every 20s. value on oath Soap boiler’s wade and ali.other manure, (except lime) the ton

Tallow, the hundred weight, containing ii2lbs.

Tanners wade, for every 20s. value on oath Tongues, called neats tongues, the dozen Tripes, for every 20s. value on oath Tin pnwrought, the hundred weight, containing 1 t2lbs.

Wax, the hundredweight, containing 11 slbs.

Weld, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

C the ton

£nets, the hundred, containing five Ccore

y (for every pack of datutable linen yarn, containing four 1 ar9I hundred pounds weight, at fix score to the hundred

Doi

J. i.

3

""2 - J

' — tf

' 4

1 —

- 6

- g

- l 6

"2 6

- 3l

- 10 — —. 1 0

- 32

- 7 4

- 1 3

- 10 —

6

Schenk

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule F.

69S

A.D.

A Schedule of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the dne Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, therein mentioned, and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark, for Tanners Use.

The value of all such linens, callicoes and cottons, if printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed, or of such cottons mixed with linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the bounties aforesaid; to be deemed their value when in a plain (late, and exclusive of such printing, painting, (taining, stamping or dying.

Note-—Ventings and all fabricks made of linen or Jiempen yarn only to be'deemed and considered as linen.

All manufactures of linen, chequed or driped, with any other material than linen yarn, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and of the value of yd. the yard, and not exceeding is. 7-d. in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, for every yard thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Where any of the aforesaid linens shall not be of - the breadth of twenty-five inches they shall be entitled to receive the bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

All manufactures of diapers, huckabacks, (heetings, or linens, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding is. yf d. the square yard, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid for every square yard thereof And so in proportion for a greater or less quantity.

JIOUNTY,

O U T W A R n s.

! L' J-

A *o v -T -c c c f Ker every y?rd thereof, undi r the value of jd. \ n j - s £ u which dull be exported from tltts kingdom j

*" -c jj - ~ to Africa. America. Spain. Portugal, Gibral-1

I

o o oi

O O I

O O It

« N a

All

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule F,

~ — £ o 3

° X

S

c

u_ -r u O ? "O

S3 .2 1

tss s,

OUTWARDS.

All manufactures of sail cloth or canvas fit for or made into fails, which shall be exported to any place, except Great Britain, for every three ells thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Ribbons and stuffs made of (ilk only, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silks and ribbons made of Glk mixed with gold or ftlver, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silk (lockings, gloves, fringes and laces, and ditching or fewitig (ilk, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of fill; and grogram yarn, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk and worded, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound L weight -

ffor every hundred weight of sugar containing one hundred|and twelve futtlc pounds, refined in this kingdom, and I exported to any place

Such sugars lo be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one unifoim whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays fuice it was lad in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the (love.

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and") twelve futtle pounds of refined sugar called baftnrd, and j of all ground, powdered refined sugar, and all refined I loaf sugar broken in pieces, I

The find sugars having been twice clayed and pro-! perly dried. J

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, containing one hundred anti twelve futtle pounds, properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt

and feum.

Refined sugars called lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried although wanting the shall ends Or tips, shall be deemed complete.

Books unbound, if primed on British or foreign paper, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois

INWARDS.

For and upon every barrel of baik, or hemlock which shall be imported into this kingdom, from any country in Europe, except Great Britain -

I'or and upon every barrel of bark, or hemlock which shall be imported into this kingdom from America

V a u

a J2

Bounty-

£ ' rf.

o o Of

030

040

o 1 3

008 00 6 0 1 0

-> 16 3

- 40

- 5 0

s

Schedule

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Schedule G.

®97

A.D. 1798. Chap^j.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise for and upon several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

AUCTIONS.

For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising or payable, by virtue of any sale at auction in this kingdom, of any interest in possession, oneverlion on any freehold or leasehold of any lands, tenements, houses or hereditaments, and of any annuities, or sums of money charged thereon, and of any utensils of husbandry and farming (lock, ships and vessels, or of any plate or jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum of such purchase money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, fattor, or feller by commission - 0

For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in this kingdom, of furniture, fixtures, pi£tures, books, horses and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatsoever, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum of such purchase money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by.commission - 0

CARDS and DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made, manufactured, or vended in this kingdom - - 0 1 6

For and upon every pair of dice, made, manufactured or-vended in this kingdom - - - 0 10 c

COACHES' and CHAISES.

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafli or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall have in his or her possession at any time between the 25th day. of March 1798, and the 251)1 day of March 1799 - - - 13 13 ©

For and upon every chaise with two wheels which any person shall keep in his or her possession at any time between the 25th day of March 1798, und the 25th day of March 1799 - -'200

Stagecoaches, hackney coaches and ebaifes, and ..coaches, and chaifea and othet carriages kept by the maker for sale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted.

COFFEE.

For and upon every-pound weight of coflee which shall be consumed in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the Xame from the importer thereof , , 006

i8 0 For

0 2

0 6

The thirty-eighth Year ff/' George lH, Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

GLASS BOTTLES.

'For and upon every glass bottle which shall be made or manufactured . in this kingdom, of common bottle metal (the fame not being phials) for every quart which such bottle shall be reputed t6 contain, and . so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not being less than one pint, to be paid by the makers thereof . - o o o’

698 A. O.

798-Chap. 5.

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a wholesale importer only, or a wholesale merchant only - - 800

And a further duty of 4l. for and upon every.tobacco table exceeding one table, and nor exceeding four tables, which any person manufacturing tcbicco shall be licensed to keep.

For and upon every license to any person to deal in unmanufactured tobacco as a wholesale mtjxhant, not being the importer thereof 1 0 c

For and upon every license- to any person to fell by retail or otherwise deal in codec, in any city or town corporate, except importers thereof, or persons licensed to fell tea or groceries - -ice

For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coflee, in any part pot being a. city or town corporate, except, as aforesaid - o to o

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture candles or soap

for sale - - - i o o

l or and upon every license to any person to fell or manufacture paper hangings for sale - 1 .0 o

For and upon every license to any person in any city or-town corporate

to fell lea or groceries by retail - 100

For.and upon every license to any person in any part of this kingdom,

not being a city or town corporate, to fell tea or groceries by retail o 10 c For and upon every license to any person to fell or tap out cider by

retail - 10©

For and upon every license to any person ti> fell or make any gold or silver plate for sale

For.and upon every license to any person to keep a tan-yard or tan-pit, or tan leather for sale -

For and upon every license to any person to.dress hides and skins in oil For and upon every license to any person to mike vellum and parchment

For and upon every license to any factor or person not being a distiller or licensed as a retailer, felling home-made spirits For and upon every license to any person to keep a malt-house, and make malt for sale, for each and every malt-house in his or her possession, in which such buGness shall be carried on For and upon every license to any person to brew strong beer, or ale, or small beer for sale, for each and every brew-house used by such person -

For, and upon every license to any person to keep.any coffee-house

3

100

1 o e

1 © o

1 o c

2 0 c

10 o c

10 O o 2 0©

Fo!

Shi thirty-eighth Year of George IXL Schedule G.

IK L A K'D DUTIES.

699

A.D. 1798. Chap. 5.

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to fell by auction, within the distria of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the cattle of Dublin 100 For and upon every license to any person to fell by auaion in any other part of this kingdom - - - oioo

For and upon every license to any person to make glass bottles, and other vessels or -utensils made of common bottle metal - 100

For and upon every license to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place, and travelling either on foot or with horse or other beast of burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to sale any goods, wares or merchandisesi also to travelling tinkers and carters of iron and metal, and to persons hawking about tea or coffee for sale - - 2 c o

And a further duty for every horse, afs, mule dr other beast bearing or drawing burthen which fuclt person shall so travel with or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their goods, wares or merchandises - - - 200

For every person hawking about trees, flirubs and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or within five miles thereof - - 200

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any {land, stall, shed, booth or other place, not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings - - 200

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being the maker or importer thereof, and not felling wines, spirits, beer or ale - - 20©

For every person who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any stall, {bed, booth, fiiop or other place - 2©c

For tvery person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for each and every house in which such business shall be carried on - to o o

For every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, over and above all duties whatever - o 10 o

M ALT.

For and upon every barrel-of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in this kingdom, of barley, or of any other corn or grain, from the 25th day-of March, 1798, to the 25th day of March, 1799, inclusive, whether the same shall be or not be for sale, - - 060

And so in proportion for a greater or less quantity*

Os

Tor

\The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

£. I

For and upon the several forts of paper herein after mentioned, winch shall be made in this kingdom from the 25th day of March, 1798, to the 25th day of March,. 1799, the several and respective duties following, to be paid by the makers of such papers tefpedlively

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and of all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper 0 0 ;2

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured papers, and whited-brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge papers, fit . or proper for the use or purposes of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes, of writing drawing and printing, or either of them, and also except paper hangings. 0 0 1

' For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, ‘fit and-proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing and printing, or either of them 'O 0 *cf

; For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of paper-not herein before enumerated or described, other than, and except papers commonly called and known by the names of fncatingpapeiyand button paper, or button hoard and paper hangings. 002

For every one hundred weight of palle board, mill board, and fcaie board c to c And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for clothiers and Hot preflerso 5 0 And so. in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every square yard of paper which shall be printed,-painted, or (lained in this kingdom, to feive for hangings, or other uses, and so in proportion for any greater quantity, to be paid by the printer, painter, or stainer thereof 00:

PLATE, wrought.

For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or silver plate, which shall he wrought, made or mauufadured in this kingdom. -006

’And so in proportion for any greater or less weight.

Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees and Pensions,

For and out of every twenty shillings (terling, which any person having at any time between the 25th day of March 1798 and the 25th day of March 1799 inclusive, any salary, profits of employment, fees or pensions in this kingdom, unless such person do and shall live and attually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of six calendar months at lead between the said time, the sum.of 040

Except

7OO A.D.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

inland duties.

701 A.D. 1798. Chap. 5.

Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees and Pensions.

Except falancs, pensions, fees or profits of employment payable to any of the descendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, and to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom far the time being, and to his or their principal secretary of Hate, and to the duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, and the duke and duchess of Athol, the representative or rrpresentatives of the late Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, and to George Charles, esq. if his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt them or any of them from the payment oi the fame, and except to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, the half-pay officers on the establishment of this kingdom, and the widows of officers.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every male servant who shall be retained or employed by any person between the 25th day of March, 1796, and the 25th day of March,

1799, the sums or duties following:

For one male servantft 4$

For two male servants 1 14 Jfc

For three male servants and upwards each 129

To be paid by thepeifon who shall retain or employ such male -servant or servants, and to be payable for every male servant who fhalfbe retained or employed in any of the following capacities, that is to say,

Maitre d’Hotel, house steward, -mailer of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confe€tioner, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coach* man, groom, postillion, gardner, not being a day labourer, park-keeper, game-keeper, huntsman or whipper-in, or by whffever name or names male servants Teally acting in any of the said capacities shall be called, or whether such male servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed, in one or more of the said capacities, or -in any other business jointly with one or more of the same.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or spirits made or distilled from malt within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker-or distiller thereof - - - 0 a 0

For and upon every gallon of spirits, made or distilled from mobffies within this kingdom for fcle, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof - - - 3 ®

For

Vox, xvjn.

702 The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1708. . Schedule G.

Chap. 5.

INLAND DUTIES.

TOBACCO.

L* s* rf-

] Boy and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to fee paid for every pound weight contained in- such . package at the time, when the fame shall be opened - - 005

4

CHAP.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. CHAP. VI.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties, on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the encouraging of the various’brandies of linen and hempen manufactures, amt of certain manufactures made of silk, by bounties on export, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is necefl.ny that the payment of such bounties should be under certain regulations and rdtriclions5 be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice ami content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every exporter, or feller for exportation of plain lrifli linen, lriili chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, /heelings, and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, and of printed, painted, /tamed, or dyed Irish linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, to any places on the exportation to which bounties are payable, shall in the entry of such goods at the port of exportation, express the quantity thereof, and the value, exclusive of all printing, painting, Raining, or dying, and the marks on every box or package j and (lr.ill make and subscribe an affidavit on such entry, or if a known quaker, an affirmation to the following efleft:

1 A.B. make oath, or affirm, that the above entry or invoice of linen, it true and fair, anil that the value of the fud linens, as expressed in the said entry, is ml averaged, in order to reduce the value of any parcel or piece of such linen under one filling and /even pence halfpenny per yard; and that no parcel or piece of such linen for which I claim a bounty of three halfpence per yard, is of greater value, exctufve of all printing, paintings fsaining c r dying, than one filling and seven pence halfpenny per yard.

And shall likewlfc endorse on the cockct granted upon such entry, the true quantity and value of the linens, or other goods intended to be shipped , and shall before lie receives such bounty, produce a certificate from the fcarchcr, or other proper of-, licer appointed to fee-the fame fiiipped, verifying the shipping thereof? and like- . wife give sufficient security to the collector, or other chief officer of the port, in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to he exported, and of one hundred pounds more, vrluch security every such collector oi other officer is hereby empowered and required* to take by bond, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors. conditioned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, flieettngs, or other fpqcies of linens, callicoes or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be landed or brought upon (Iiore again, in any part or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man; and shall also before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker, make affirmation, which affidavit, and oath or affirmation, such officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value of such linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland.

II. And be it emitted, That the exporter of all Irish made sail cloth or canvas, Avail, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation*, which oath or affirmation the proper officer of the revenue, at the port where the same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to ndminiRcr, that such sail cloth or-canvaj v.r: made in Ii eland, and is attually exported, or shipped to he tv-

8 i? 2 po-.ied,

7°3 A.D. 1798.

JW>4 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

ported, without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the isle of Man, .-France, or the French dominions in Europe; and that no for* mcr bounty oil export has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in 'Obtaining bounties thereon; be it further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen and linen manufactures, shall appoint any person or persons, at any of the ports in this kingdom, to inspect linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to ti e commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty shall be paid after fuel) notice, at any port at which such person shall be appointed to iufpect, unless it shall appearto the surveyor, or other officer of the port,: byTome seal er mark affixed to each package of Jinen, by such person or persons in manner herein after-mentioned, that he has examined the fame, nor unless it shall also appear by- the certificate of such person or persons, that such linens are of good, 'found, and merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining such bounty, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or any officer of the revenue, after the entry of any linens or other goods, as being entitled to bounty, and before and after the shipping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or other 'package, to fee if the goods arc duly entered and endorsed on the cocket; and if on any such examination the same shall be found to be duly entered and endorsed, the officer shall, at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, which charge shall be allowod to such officer by the commissioners- of the revenue, if they shall think it reafomable.

V. And be it enacted, That if upon view and examination by the proper of-.dicers of the revenue, it shall appear that all or any piece or pieces of chequed linen, or striped linen, printed, painted, stained or dyed linen, calltco, cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be entered 'for exportation, as entitled.to bounty, is or are of greater value one shilling and seven pence halfpenny prr yard, exclusive of any value arising from its being painted, printed, stained or dyed.; ,or that any piece or pieces. of diaper, huckaback, ffieeting,.or other species of linen, upwards of one-yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny the (quarejar^,! that-then and-in every such case, the exporter or feller of such linen for exportation, shall upon demand made in writing by the surveyor

- of the port where such goods and merchandizes -are entered, deliver, or cause to <bc delivered, so many pieces of such linen as shall be demanded by the said officer, into his Majesty's warehouse, at the-port of exportation, for the use and benefit of the crown, and upon such delivery, the surveyor of such-port, with the privity of the colleger or other chief officer, shall, out of any money in the hands of such . eolle&or applicable thereto, pay to-such.exporter, or feller for. exportation,- the value of one shilling and, eight pence halfpenny per yard, and also -if the fame be printed, painted, stained or dyed, "the full value, cost, and expence of such print* ing, painting, -flaming or dying, taking a rcceiptfor the fame from such exporter or feller for exportation, in fall satisfaction for such goods, as if they had been regularly! fold, and the commissioners of the revenue shall cause such goods to be fairly and publickly sold to the bed advantage; and out of the produce thereof, the money so paid or advanced-as aforesaid, shall be repaid to futih collector, to be replaced to the account of his Majesty's revenue; and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of such sale, and the necessary charges incident there-,<o, one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the-other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have searched and.examined such linens.

1 VIM

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall enter for expectation, any linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, at any value, exclusive of the value of its being printed, painted, flamed, or dyed, not exceeding the vaU«c of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard; or any diaper, huckaback, fhecting, or other linen upwards of a yard in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, nut exceeding one drilling and seven pence halfpenny per Itpaare yard, and whiih upa.i view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue, shall be thought to be of greater value before its being printed, punted, Itained, or dyed, than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard or fqn.ire yard respect:\cly, multi: lion demand made in writing by the surveyor, or other officer of the port where 1'u: h liiion is entered for exportation, reftfe* to deliver, or eaufc tr. be delivered, all r.y any one of the pieces of fit. h linen, diaper or huckaback, or Iheeting, into his Majesty's warc-house at such port, for the u'fc and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue, at the said port, the value of one {killing and eight pence halfpenny pir yard, or square yard respectively, for such linen, together with the value, coll, or expence of priming, dying, painting, <» flaming the fame, as the fame may be, in tuil fuiisfattum for the fame; or ii the proper officers of the revenue shall, upon view or examination, find any such liikii which shall be entered for exportation, at rite value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or above that value, not exceeding one -stuffing ami l'even pence halfpenny jur yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at the value of five pence per yard, or above that value, and not amounting to the value of fix- pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of five pence per yard; or if any such linen shall be -less in -quantity^ than shall be expressed in the said ertdorfement on the said entry or cockct, or shall no: be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the least, or of the breadth of one yard, if so entered3 or if the same shall be entered or endorsod under a wrong denomination, whereby the said bounty, or any part thereof, might have been fraudulently obtained, that then ami in every such case, all such linen, callico, cotton, and cotton mixed, which shall be rofufed to be delivered, or that -shall be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or five pence per yard r*.-spectivdy, or shall appear to be‘less in quantity than expressed in such nidoifj-ment, or be under the breadth of twenty five inches, or one yard respectively, or entered or endorsod under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in ill and every package or packages, endorsed on such entry or cocker, shall be forfeited, together with such package or packages, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of t'.e revenue, and die owner or merchant shall not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods.

VII. And to prevent linen of bad quality, or fraudulently made up, from being exported, be it enacted, Thai after notice given as aforesaid, to the said commissioners, no bounty-shall be paid on any such linen, callico, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper, or huckaback, which shall be exported -as aforesaid, out of any port whets any iufpcclor or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to be appointed as aforesaid, by the tvullecs of tile linen and hempen manufactures, shall by some Teal or mark affixed to cadi package thereof, certify his having cxui lined the Tame, or shall in the prefoncc of the surveyor, or other ollicer of the revenue, examine the fame, and affix his foal or mark thereto.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or llriped Irish linen, or |! ained, painted, printed, or dyed irish linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, Iheeting, or fail -cloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have beta given or claimed, shall be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Me of Man, France, or the French dominions in Euiupe, the exporter or exporters thereof. th.dl forfeit the fame, of the value thereof, and every person concerned in

705

A.D.

706 The thirty-eighth Year of George XU.

A* D. bringing back or landing the same as aforesaid, shall forfeit one stuffing for every 1798. '7ard» orsquare yard of such linen, caltico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively;

Chap, 6, 2nd-two shillings for every ell of such canvas or sail cloth so brought bach or , landed.

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be given upon the exportation f’-om hence, of any manufacture made in this kingdom, of silk, or fille mixed with any other material, jinless oath, or in case of a known quaker, solemn affirmation . be made by the exporter before such collector, or other officer of the port of exportation, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and rc-. quired to administer, that such, goods are of Irish manufacture, and intended to , be e^portedj and not intended to.be reUuded in any part of Ireland, and on the exporter’s. giving sufficient security to the said collector, or other officer of the . port, which security any such officer is empowered to take in the name, and to the use of hio>Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned, that such,goods shall not he relanded or brought on shore again in any port or place in this- kingdom; and for such part of such goods as shall be-entered for or landed in Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or blanks condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within-six calendar months after the date of the said bond,-which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, ami if no.such officer shall be then resident in any of the said , islands, then by the governors of the said islands,-or by the deputy, governors thereof respectively; and for.such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of hist Majeily’s plantations in America, or in the British dominions in the West . Indiesor the British settlements on die coast of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers ufunlly signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying the landing-,.thereof, and for such silks, stuffs, or other manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, a condition of the bond shall be to bring.a certificate under the common seal of the chief niagiftrnte in such port or place, or under the hands and foals of two known British-merchants, then being at such port or place, that fuel) Jills or other manufactures were there landed, which certificates shall rcipec-lively tellify that such goods were landed at die places from whence such certificates shall have been given, and when produced and duly proved, shall respectively . be a full and sufficient discharge for such bonds - so respectively entered into; and in case such goods shall be taken by enemies, -or perish in the sea, such bonds (ha! be discharged upon f.msfadlory proof thereof being made before die commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

-X. And for better preventing frauds on the entering of any such goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of Ins Majesty's revenue; be it enacted, Tl:~t it shall and r-.^y he lawful for any searcher or any. proper officer of the revenue, at any time after the entry of any such goods, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open and examine every bale, truss, chest, or odier package, and if on such examination the goods shall be found to be rightly entered, the officer shall at his own caarge cause the same to be* repacked to the filtisfaction of the exporter, which charge shall be allowed to such 0 ficer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it -reftsonable} but in case such officer shall find such goods or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination,

whereby by Majesty might have been defrauded in theaHowance-to. be paid-on the exportation of such goods contrary to die true intent and meaning hereof, all such ^oods so falsely cntcded, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the person or 3 perfoiB

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 7°7

pirfons making or causing such false entry to be made, {lull forfeit double the TO- A. IX luc of such goods. 1798*

XI. Provided always, That no allowance shall be demanded or made for any of v— such manufactures of (ilk mixed with gold and diver, where they are only mixed at

the edges or ends of the pieces, nor for any such manufactures of silk mixed with any other materials, unless two-thirds at least of the ends or 'threads of the warp be of fdk, or mixed or twilted with (ilk in the warp, so that such silk shall be apparent, nor unless the fdk therein used shall be at lead: double the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof, and if any doubt shall ante whether such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching (lie quality of such goods or manufactures, the proof shall lie on the exporter, claimer, or owner, thereof, and not on the officer.

XII. And be it enacted, That all bounties and allowances on the exportation of the manufactures aforesaid, shall be paid out of all or any of the monies arising from all or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose, in the hands of the collector of the port where such goods shall be dripped for. exportation.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said bounties shall be.paid on demand without fee or reward, to the exporter or feller for exportation, subject to the several-rcgu-lations herein contained.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, shall be 1‘ued for, levied and recovered by such ways, means, rules, and directions, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressed, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An -act for the settling of the excise and new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein infer ted> or by any other- law now of force relative to' the revenue of '* rife in this kingdom, concerning the penalties nnd forfeitures- therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and cnaCled ill this act, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other lav/or laws now of force relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-flfth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

CHAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, En-titled, An Act to Jecttre the Liberty of the Press, by preventing the Abuses arising from the Publication of traitorous, seditious, false, and Jlatidcrcus Libels, by Persons unknown.

jo3 *she thirty-eighth Year o/" George III.

A.D.

alufcs arising from the publication of traitorous, seditious, filfe, and

1798.]landerous libels, by perfous unknown: And whereas the said act has Chap 7 been found infuflkient to prevent the abuses of the press, for reme-\y~V~\j dy.whereof, be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, pTi^cwn*0 by and with the advice and consent of thelords spiritual and tem-or puluflmny popj^ and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by &c. Lc. ' the authority of the same, That no person thall, within the city of Dublin, or ten miles thereof, after seven days from p.ilTing this act, Dublin, Dull, or in any other place of this kingdom, after twenty-one days from ihys. and in the passing thereof, print, or cause to be printed, publish, or cause within*! parts to' be published, any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or paflt a^ih* any paper serving the.purposes of a newspaper, intelligencer, or aa. give occurrences, before he, llie, or they, and the proprietor and pro-tap office" prietors of every such new (papers, intelligencer, or occurrences, or profcribcdV^ any paperferving the purpose thereof, shall have first given in to said act; - the commissioners for managing his Majesty s stamp duties, or their workmenS proper officer or of Ticers in the respective towns, and at their rc-amfplacc’ speftive ofliccs where stamped paper shall be distrihuud, an afiula-tvhere priift- vit signed by him, her or them, and sworn before any one of the said commissioners, or officers by them appointed For the distribu-

tion of'(lamped paper, which affidavit any one of the said commissioners or officer is hereby empowered to take, letting forth and cou-taining-the several matters and things directed by the said act, to be contained in the affidavit thereby described to be taken, (and atfo the real and true name or names of the person or persons to be employed to conduct the manual printing thereof,) and also setting forth the place where such newspaper, intelligencer, oroccur-rences, or any paper serving the purposes thereof, is to he printed; and until he, (Ire, or they shall, together with two, three, or four sufficient securitios, have entered into recognizance before one of the barons of the exchequer, if the paper is to be printed in the city of Dublin, or a bond if to be printed elsewhere, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, every primer, publisher, and proprietor in the sum of five hundred pounds sterling, and the sureties in a like sum, conditioned that such printer, publisher, and proprietor, shall pay unto,his Majesty, his heirs and successors, all such line or fines, penalty or penalties, as shall be imposed upon or adjudged against him, her, or them, under any conviction for printing or publishing any traitorous, seditious, or slanderous libel; which affidavit or affidavits, or an affidavit or affidavits of the like import, shall be made, signed, and given in like manner, lo often as the property in any such newspaper, or other paper as 4- . afere-

each printer, publisher, or proprietor, to enter into recognizance or bond for 500! and z, 3, or tore-tics in like sum, conditioned for payment of tines and pc. nalucs:

The thirty-c'ghth Year of George III. 709

aforesaid, shall he altered, transl'erreJ, or changed, and as often as A.D. such printer, publisher, or proprietor mail change hri, her, or their 179^ place or places of abode, or priiuin r-o.iiee, and as often as the per- Chap. 7. son or persons conducing the priming of Itu-li newspaper (Ini! he ,hj,i ;Mn changed; and which affidavit or affidavits, ij.idl remain with liich commissioners of (lamps, or officers, to be produced as occasion ri nuy require, at or before iiie trial of .,!i sue'.i ash.jiis, suit>, prole-curious, informations, or iiuliclineiits, as shall be hid or eoinmenc-cii, filed or found, touching such newspaper, or any ]uiMicat:on :s cnrc.ufnv therein contained; and such affidavit shall be received and admitted l;'u,a,c':-in ail courts of justice, as conclusive evidence of all such matters therein, as are hereby, or by any other ail required to be therein contained, against all and every the person and persons who shall have signed and sworn the fame, as aforesaid, on the trial of any such action, suit, prosecution, information, or indictment; and the

proprietor, printer or publisher of any such paper, or who shall puMilivtn have made such an affidavit, shall be enniidered, to all intents and purposes, as the primer and publisher thereof, until he shall have given due notice of his having ceased to be so, to the said commis- ilr.-.ivise to sioners of stamp duties. c».

II. And be it further en.ufled, That every person or persons who perf,;s shall print and publish, or caul'e to be printed and puhlilhcd, such

newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, as aforesaid, or any paper piper, r.-c. serving the purposes of such newspaper, intelligencer, or occur- hej?.'1 rences, without first giving in to the said commissioners, or inch f^VmT'^'ru'd other officers, as aforesaid, such affidavit as aforesaid, or without eii-.reqy fui-, tiring into such recognizance, as aforesaid, with such security, as u, Cr.ch Jr.y aforesaid, shall, for every day that he, (lie, or they shall print, or Tj cause to be printed, such newspapsr, as aforesaid, without givingct-ivis.ol.in.p-in such affidavit, as aforesaid, with Inch security, as aforesaid, forfeit the sura of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person as shall inform and sue for the same, by action or information, in any court of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill, and shall be disqualified from receiving damped paper, for the priming any neivfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or paper serving tile purposes of such.

III. And be it enacted, That every printer, publisher, or proprie- Pf. for of any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper P"'®'1"’

J 1 0 . i» and pfopric-

serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligencer, or-occurrences, tjr>, whether whether for himself, or in trull for any bankrupt, or lunatick, shall as often as the commissioners for managing his Majesty's stamp du- t‘Jdjt't'" ties, or any two of them, shall fee reasonable grounds for requiring within 10 Yol. XVIII. 8 R the

days after they are re-. qulred by

such affidavits . to le recciv-cil as con-. elusive evidence on trials.

The thirty-eighth Year e/' George III. the fame, and shall, by notice in writing, to be-served upon any person, or ported up at the place where the affidavit hereby directed to be made by such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall state the said paper to be printed, require the fame, within ten days after being so required, give into the said commissioners, at their.bead of-

comrrvflijn- f or (0 their proper officers, in the respective towns, and at the crioflismps; ’ 11 ‘

respective offices where Aamped paper shall be dillriluted, in the

di (Irid in which such paper shall be printed or published, nearest to the place where such paper shall be [ rimed, or published, such affidavit, and of such import as printers, publishers, or proprietors of newspapers are, or shall by any. law. or laws be directed to make; which affidavit shall remain with such commissioners of: (lamps, or officers, to be produced as occasion may require, at or before the trial of all such prosecutions, informations, or indictments, as shall be. commenced, filed, or found, touching such newspaper, or any publication tbcieiu contained; and such affidavit shall be.received and admitted in all courts of justice, as conclusive evidence of all such matters therein, as are hereby, or by any other ad Avail be required to be therein contained, again! all and every the person and persons who Avail have signed and fwotn the fame, on the trial of any such information, or indictment; and every printer, pub-: liiher, or proprietor of any such newspaper, intelligencer, or oc-. currences, whether for himself, or in trust for any bankrupt or lu. natick, who shall, when required thereto, as aforesaid, neglect cr omit to give in to the said commissioners, or their proper officers,

Permit, within the lime, and at the places aforesaid, such affidavit or recog-. inKin ludi nizance, as aforesaid, shall, for every such neglect or omission, fer-°co*Va«d ^eIt an^ Pay a penalty of one hundred pounds, to he tecovered by d'f1' !'pfi(°d5 any Person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action, or in-front printing formation, in any of his Majesty’s-courts of record in this king-orpubinhing. t|on^ or i,y c;v;[ at t]le ffiffions of the county of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin,'or at the assizes in such county where the printer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, shall rclide, respectively, and shall be disqualified from printing, or publishing any newspaper, or Service of any Paper serving the purpose thereof.

any legal pto- ]V. And be it further enacted, That service at the henfe or place

eels where a 1

a paper u where any newspaper, or paper serving the purpose thereof, shall bcfufcicm' he printed orpuhlished, of any legal prccefs, notice, luminous, or oBa'nc--Ci l0r fu^Panat of» cr ft'om any court of justice, or to enforce an ap-aga-nd rids, pearance in any suit or prosecution, to he commenced against any aflllorifc" printer, publishcr, or proprietor of such paper, for any penalty or curing the H- penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, misdemeanor or crime, to he

beny of the ptefs;

incurred

The thirty-eighth Year of George "HI. 71?

incurred or committed under, or against this act, or under or A.D.

against any ad now in force, or hereafter to be enacted in this .*79®'

kingdom, for securing the liberty of the press, shall be, and is

hereby declared to be good service of Inch process, notice, summons, or fubpsna, upon such printer, publiilier, or proprietor;

and that all and every printer, publidier, and proprietor of any s-c.

newspaper, or paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, shall and ",'y caVbiH,

maybe sued or orofecuted by civil bill, within the jurisdiction , 1 r 1 rr , diction where

where such newspaper, or other paper terving the purposes 01 such, printed, at-

shall he printed, for any oflence, penalty, or forfeiture, committed Cadent1'

or incurred against this act, although such person or persons licre-

shall have quitted the fame, and should not then-reside 'there.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any , P«rf«ns «ho

J J , become Hina-

printer, publidier, or proprietor, or printers, pubiilhers, or propri- ticks or ctors of any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper oStiawtS.’’ or serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, shall have become, and be found a lunatick, or non compos mentis, libels, or who or shall become and be found bankrupt, or shall be outlawed for r"nj°r within any crime, or shall be found guilty, and receive judgment for print- ing or publilliing any traitorous, scandalous, false, or seditious li-copy of in-bel, or shall be charged by indictment or information, with hav- i,ifrmllion, ing published a traitorous, scandalous, false, or seditious libel, and shall not within six days after a copy of such indictment or information shall be served upon such printer, publidier, cr proprietor., or at the house or place of printing or publishing the paper in which the newspaper containing such libel shall be printed, surrender himself, herself, or themselves, to take his, her, or their trial at the then next commission of oyer and terminer, quarter sessions of the peace, or affixes for the city or county where he,

(he, or they shall be indicted, as aforesaid, or where such information, as aforesaid, is to be tried, every printer and publidier so nc-gleding, shall, from thenceforth, be disabled to be the printer, publidier, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences; and the commissioners of stamp duties are hereby required to rcfule to deliver to such person or persons stumped paper for the purpose of printing a newspaper.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any newspaper, intelligencer, or' Occupiers occurrences, or any paper serving the purposes of such, shall be printed at any place whatever, other than the [date specified in P'cfc-'nd^ such affidavit, as aforesaid, the poUcHor or occupier of any cham- papers, her, in any house in which the same shall be printed, and the owner

of the profits and types, or any of the prciles or types by which the fame shall be printed, and every of them, shall be conliJared, d.,vu, dee,.

8 R 2 a lid

712 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

and are hereby declared and enabled ta be, to all intents and pur-1798. poses whatever, in all suits and prosecutions, the printers and pub-Chap. 7. lifters of such newspaper, or paper serving the purpose of a ne wf-afprinters, paper, and shall be, and is and are hereby made liable to all such ra'al^pS1' Penahies, forfeitures and disabilities, as the printers, publishers, tics, &c, ami and proprietors of such newspaper arc, or shall be made liable to all Materials, by this or any other act; and shall also be subject to a penalty of firin';/ F'r'" five hundred pounds, and to a forfeiture of all printing materials

found, or to be found in such house or houses; and such penalty

may be sued for, and be recovered by any person or persons who shall fuc for the fame, by action or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the proper juris-.diction,

Maifibat-’s

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Marrams, it shall and may be lawful to ami for any chief magistrate, in any

Sryaffi- ttMvn corporate in this kingdom, or any magistrate in any other

tluim to town or place within this kingdom, upon satisfactory affidavit of tearch for v , r r . r -ti

preitja auJ one or more credible person or persons, sworn lielore a magutrate,

whiT shall 'fi-111'11^) 11 newspaper has been printed, or is printing, without

lu kept in having the reuurlitcs aforesaid, performed, and stating, that he, flie, iccure place-, , ._. r

until fuif..iro or they has or have reason to believe, that such newspaper, or other ataT.Tta paper serving the purpose thereof, was, or is printed or printing in dciiroyiii ir any ltoufe or place specified, to issue his warrant or warrants, to any

owners arc ' 11

cinvidcj. person or persons he shall think fit, and lie is hereby required so to do, to search for, and fer/.c upon the printing-press, and all printing materials used, or to be ufsd as aforesaid, and to cause the same to he lodged in fame secure and safe place, for sure keeping, there to remain until the suit for such penalty, as aforesaid, shall be determined; and if the party or parties to be sued for such penalty, shall be thereof convicted, thereupon, to cause such printing materials to be destroyed, and rendered useless. k'noHvV Vlil. Provided always, That if such penalty shall not be filed for diligently, for, with due diligence, or if judgment shall be against the person person filing for the fame, the printing prefles and types shall be restored tang, da- tQ t|K owner tiiercof and he shall be entitled to have his action

nv.ge‘5 may , J

of damages, against the person upon whose information the fame certii'ic.wa- were seized, unlcl's the judge, before whom the penalty shall be ^oiinl filed, certify that there was reasonable ground for the information.

Comro STi-

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall ta i.’/.'or fie ljwfift for any of the commissioners of stamp duties, or for such ohic i> by other ollicer or officers by them appointed, or to be appointed, for punned, dull the distribution of stamped paper, as aforesaid, to take such affida-2 vit

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 713

\!t and affidavits, as aforesaid, which affidavit or affidavits shall be A.D. so made and taken without fee or reward; and if any person shall ,79®-wilfully swear any such affidavit or affidavits, and that the fame or any part thereof, Avail contain a falsehood, every such perfoil so iskc fitch {wearing any fuel) affidavit or affidavits;, containing such falsehood, without fee: shall, upon due conviction of such offence, incur, and suffer such amdl"itTco« penalties, forfeitures, and drfabiiities, as persons convicted -of wil- nny ' fu! and corrupt perjury are by law liable and subject to o.aii naiv’r

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer fjrj"j"cy' appointed for distributing damped vellum, parchment or paper, in who aeliver this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for printing

any publick newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, to any per- Pc". *e. u> {on, until the requisite6 herein before prescribed in that behalf shall have not per-have been first performed, upon pain of forfeiting his office, and bo-ang incapable for ever of fervtng 'therein. 1^feil ll'cir

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an case p.rfclts

any person or persons, shall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose

to sale, any tiewfpaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper deemed or any nrwfpa-construed to he a newspaper, within the intent or meaning of any Per,4C:1101

of the acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties now in force, mfv b,c,

4 04 committed by

or hereafter to be etiafled, not being ilain.ped or marked as in the magistrate, said acts is, or shall be directed and appointed, it dull and may be CJi"'they'1' lawful for any judice of the peace, to commit every such offender, being thereof convicted before him, by his or her confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon the view of such justice, to any common gaol within his jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one week, unless he, ffie, or they Avail discover the person or persons who printed the fame, or from whom he, d\c or they, receiv-cd the said newspaper, book, pamphlet, or paper j and it dull f"ch offhand may be lawful for any person to seize, apprehend, and carry carry them before any justice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where such offence shall be committed, any such person so offending as

aforesaid.

XII. And for the purpose of facilitating the proof of the publication of any newspaper, and the matter therein contained, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all trials of informations or indictments for the priming or publication of libels, and on all trials of actions for the fame, any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, Upon all intelligencer, or occurrences, of the fame title as tint for which the prisoner, traverser, or defendant, respectively, shall be regis- &c.oftht tered at the damp office, as printer, proprietor, or pubiilher, shall

Vol. XVIII 8 S be

714 thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A: D. be sufficient evidence to go-to the -jury upon such trials, that such ' r7'-;8.: paper was printed-and published by such person so registered, and Ch^7- ,to prove the fad of printing and publishing the lame, unless the as :hac rc ..defendant in such indictment, information, or action, shall shew in evidence, to the'satisfaction of the jury, that such paper was not shall , printed or published by. him.

cicot evi- .

dcncc of

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,-That it shall Kr' and may be lawful for the several grand juries within this kingdom, dant proves r.to present any publick newspaper, intelligencer or occurrences, or the contrary. c . . r r

Grand ju- 'any paper serving the purpose or a newspaper, intelligencer or oc-

riesmaypre-, curreiiceSj in which publications of a seditious nature shall, from font nenfpa-

pwsasnui- time to time, have been printed in their respective counties, as a '. jf^t’.avc'rf publick and common nuisance; and that if such presentment shall

cd, or.ir ver-. dift be for presentment,

flierifts shall . seize presses,

&c. and primers and proprietors

fliau be ilif-.qualified.

not be traversed, or if traversed, and a verdiddhall be given for such: presentment, then the sheriff or sheriffs of such county, city or 1 town, where such presentment shall have been found, shall abate

such nuisance, by seizing the printing prelTes, utensils, types, pa- pers and materials, used or employed, or intended to he used or

employed in printing such newspaper, and that such printers and proprietors shall he from thence forward disqualified from being the

printers or proprietors of any publick newspaper whatever, within

printers may traverse prefontments in fame term, &c. and if . trial is put . off by tra-verser, a recognizance Anil be given not to print in the mean i time.

this kingdom.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any. printer or proprietor of such newspaper so presented, to traverse such presentment in the fame term assizes or feffioirat which the same shall be found: Provided also,-that if the trial of the said traverse shall be, put off by the court, upon the application of the traverser, until.a subsequent term, assizes or session, that then such traverser shall enter into sufficient recognizance, that such newspaper shall not he printed in the mean time.

8 days no-

XV. Provided always, That a notice in writing, dating that tice to prin- the grand jury of such county, city or town, will be-applied to, plication for to present such newspaper, as aforesaid, shall be served on some pref.iitmcni. person in the office, or polled on the door of the office where such paper shall be printed or published, eight days at the lead before said presentment shall be found.

Not to XVI. provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing con-Dubi4°Ga. tallied in this act-shall extend, or be conftrncd to extend to the zctic. Dublin Gazette, or to the printer, publishcr or proprietor of the same.

In force-

XVII. Provided always, That this act shall continue in force th"cn’dnr ° ^or nvo years> an<-l10 t'lt cn(l of l*le then next session of parliament, neat fcffi.n. nnd no longer.

4

AN

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. VIII.

VS

A.D.

f 797-

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty fevetttb Year of His Majesty's tieign, Entitled, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishmail of Attempts to fe Asset Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea. or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Mnjtjly, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to fedttCC persons serving in His Majesty's forces by sea or land from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thotifand seven hundred and ninety-nine, anj from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

diem to continue the Get*. 3. c.

40. for preventing the Seduction of His tVia-jesty’st'orcci.

friJ ill continu'd to

1,')), and end ui next session.

CHAP. IX.

An Act for granting to his Mnjejiy for one Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-Heart In, in Lien of all Duties payable on the fame during the said Term.

WIIERRAS it is expedient to exempt the occup'ers of houses containing one r.vmi.

licarth, and no greater number, from the duty on fire-hearths, ?nd to grant certain duties on other house5 proportion ible t»the number of hearths therein, and appertaining thereto; therefore be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of Mirch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, there finll be r.fifed, levied, collated, and paid unto your Majesty your heirs and successors, the duties herein after mentioned, in lieu of all duties due, or which may become payable during the time ?f ;re-virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Ids late Majesty Charles the feconfl, entitled, An act for cfipb’j/kw* an nd:Ui>.:wi! . revenue upon his Majesty, his hftrs endfiuccrjjors fi:r the htt.rfiupport (fihis cid their crown and dignity; and also one other act passed in the sevenfjenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, cmuljd, A>t additional act for the better tr-Jerhig and ccllcftisig dv rttvauf arising by hearth army; tha: is to fry out of every dirdJing-house and cut-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the

3 S 2 v.-h Je

'7-1$ ‘f lx- thirty-eighth Year of George III.

X). V*'1joiC tv.-ofire-hearths, or other placesufed for firing, or (loves, which (haH'bem I such dwelling-house, out-house, or other edifice, at anytimc-during the ‘said time,

£hap. 9. iriic film of four shillings and <en pence-halfpenny; arid out of every dwelling-house^ ;and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing, in the whole three fire licarths, or oilier places, used for.firing, or (loves, which shall be.in such dwelling-;house, out house, or other-edifice, at any rime during the said rime, the sum of r eight shillings and-three'halfpence; and out of every dwelling-house and out-houfr, or edifice-appertaining ithereto, ‘Containing in the whole four fire-hearths, or other places jifed for firing, or sieves, which shall-.be in such dwelling-house, out-house, ,.or edifice, at any time during^lie.said time, the sum of eleven shillings and (our-ypence halfpenny; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice-upper-jaining-thereto, containing in the whole five fire-hearths, or other,places.used for firing or (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house,-or edifice, at any time during the said rime, theium df fifteenshillings and-two-pence; and out of every dwdUng-houfie and out-house, -or edifice-appertaining .-thereto, containing in the whole fix fire-l.<arth$, or other places ^used for-.fmng, ot (loves,'which shall be in such dwelling-house, putrhouse, or other cdificcj at any time during the said t time, the sum of nineteen shillings am! six-pence^ and out of ev.cry dwelling-house ' " and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, contairiing in-fhc wholeseven fire-

hearths, or other-places used for»firi«g, or-doves, which shall be in fiufh dwelling-house, outrhouse, or edifice, at any time during the -said (hue, the -sum of one jvamd four shillings and four pence halfpenny; wd out of every dwelling-house and out hojife, or caifice appertaining‘thereto, containing in the whole eight fire-'hearths, or other places used for firing, or (loves, which shall be jn such dwelling-house, outhouse, or edifice, at any time during the said rime, the sum of one ..pound eight shillings' ajid two -pence; and out .-of every dwelling-house and out-house,.-or edifice, appertaining thereto, containing in ithe whole -nine -or more-firo hearths, or other places used for firing, or doves, for overy such hearth, firing-.pb.ee, or«stove, which :flinU be in such *tlw;d)liiigfhoitfe, out-house, :or edifice, at any time, during the said time, the sum of eight (hidings and eight pence for every such hearth, firing-place, or dove therein,-or thereunto'belonging^ ;the said duties toTl>e paid as soon after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven ’hundrcil ai;-J ninety-eight, as thqy flinllbc demanded.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall expend to charge any house contiiirtng fix hearths, or upwards, situate within the distrilt of the metropolis of Dublin, or within any city or town-corporate, tn which no'shop 'shall be kept for the falc of any goods; or in Which no spirituous or other liquorsdliaIl.be fold, and which .-shall j be wholly det for lodgings and occupied by lodgers, each dodging set to or occupied by one jierson, or family, not confiding of more than otic room or apartment, or any house containing-eight hearths or upwards, the greater-part of dicnrooms an which shall be set to, oroccupied by lodgers, qch lodger not paying a irent not exceeding five -pounds yearly, though-die fame shall be partly inhabited by the owner,-with any higher duty than-two Shillings for each hearth or other‘firing place therein, or with any arrear of any higher duty.

III. And be it enacted, That every owner or occupier of any house or edifice, dliall on demand made by any ijifpcclor, supervisor, or collector of the said duties, admit such inspector, supervisor cr 'collector, into such dwelling-houses, and all out-houses, and, offices thereunto kcloiiging, and into every room or other place therein, and permit such iofpcctor, supervisor, or collector, to survey die hearths, firing-places, and (loves therein, and take an account thereof; and that it shall am! may be lasvful for every inspector, supervisor and collector of the said duties, to

3 ' survey

The thirty-eighth Tear, of George III. 717

survey every house orrdific*, and the number of hearth:, firing*places, and (loves 'A.D.

' therein, and to take a true account thereof} ami tJiat any fudi iufpcdor, supervisor, (q g,

or collector, shall anti may in the day time, between the hour of eight of the clod: in the forenoon, andfun-fer, with the aflifkance of a nv.igistrate, constable, or other , |—_j

person aft'ing as a peace officer, and in nil places where there arc no such officers, or '.there such officers shall refuse to attend and afliff, then without any fuel) assis-tajice to make entry into the said respective heufes and edifices, and into the fever.il apartments therein, end take information from their own view and lurvcy of the number of fire-hearths and other places used for firing, and (loves in every such house and edifice, and according lo such account, thefevcial (unties and edifices therein mentioned, t* all be charged with the duties which shall then be payable \

uidefs where any such heuse or -edifice has been newly built, in which case futh fire-hearths therein as appear not to have been used, or capable of being i.fed at t!.c time of such survey, ilmil not be charged.

IV. And be it enacted, That in any case where any inspector, supervisor. or ‘ colleiffor of hearth-money shall have been admitted, or shall have made entry into any house or edifice, to survey ami view the fire-hearths, (loves, and other firing-places therein, the owner or occupier of such house or edifice, or other persons who shall attend such supervisor or collector upon such survey, upon confirming that duty for one fire-hearth for any room therein be charged, may refuse to admit such iin fpc£lor, supervisor, or collector, into any such room, except the fame be a kitchen or a room in an out-house, and in every such case every inspector, supervisor, and collector shall accordingly charge duty for one hearth in aery such room.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any qudlion or difference find! arise, touching the number of fire-hearths, (loves, or other firing-places, of which an account shall betaken by any inspector, supervisor, or colleger, the same shall be linard and determined by one or more justice or justices of the peace next adjoining, not being a landlord or landlords of the premises, or by the chief magistrate of the place, upon'Complaint in that behalf; and the oath of the owner or occupier of the house or edifice, ffiafl be admiffihlc upon such complaint.

VI. And be it enacted, That the respective owners or occupiers of all heufes or edifices shall be, and they are hereby chargeable with all duties which shall become (\u: by them, out of Their respective houses, out-koufes, or edifices; and the Did duties shall be paid to the said fupcrvifnrs and collectors on demand tiicrcof, at t!ic house or plaec-where the same shall arise or grow due, or at the liotise or place of abode of any owner or occupier, chargeable with any duty or nrrear, in case such owner or occupier shall have removed from the house in vefpcci of which he became chargeable-with such duty; and all goods rnd chattels in any house, out-house, or, edifice, shall he subject to all duties which shall have become due in respect of such house, out-house, or edifice; and in case of refusal or default of pa.ment thereof, alter such demand such supervisors and collegers may at any time in the day time with the assistance of a- magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, and in all places where there arc no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such assistance, make entry into such house, out-house, or edifice, and levy the said duty, and all arrears thereof, either *by diilrofs and falc of any goods found in the house, out-house, or edifice, chargeable with such duty and arrears, or on the goods of the party or parties chargeable therewith, wheresoever the fame shall, be fount!, rdtoring to the party or parties the overplus of such money, as such goods shall be sold for, over and above the dut^ ami arrearages thereof then due, and over ami above the ilccd-fary charges of taking such diilrofs, and such charges ii all not in any case exceed the fourth part of the duty and arrearages thereof tu levied.

VOL, XVIII. ’ BT

718 The thirty.-etghtl Year of George III.

A.D.

vn. Provided also, aiul be it enacted, That no owner, proprietor, or occupier, 1798. fi*>he:tnhs, or firing-places or (loves, shall be charged with, or distrained, or Chap. 9. molested for the said dntjy or any arrearages, at any time after the space of two years, next after the duty shall become payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-, cefiors.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall fraudulently stop up, deface, cover, or conceal any hearth, firing-place, or (love chargeable with the said duty, and the fame be proved. either by confession of the party, or upon oath, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, or chief magifl.rr.ie, or by their view, every such person shall be charged with, anti pay-double the amount of the duty for the fame, to be levied as aforesaid 5 and if any question or difference shall arise concerning the flopping up of any hearth, or about the taking of any distress for, cr levying the duty for the fame,- the fame, upon complaint in that behalf, shall be heard and determined by the chief magistrate of the place, or by one or more justice* or justices of the peace, such justice or justices not being a landlord or landlords of thp party charged with the said duty \ and the proof of the time that any such hearth was flopped up, shall lie on tire owner or occupier of the houic.

IX. Provided always, That no hearth, firing place, or ftovc, shall be dec - cd to be (topped up, unlcTs - the whole of the fame be built with stones or bricks, and

mortar made with lime.

X. And be it enacted, That all chief magistrates, sheriffs, and justices of the peace, and other his Majesty's peace officers within tl eir several and vefpeclive jurisdictions, are hereby authorized and required, to give afliflauce from time to time to the several inspectors, supervisors, and collectors of the said duties, m charging and collecting the same.

2yl. And be it enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced or pvo-fccutcJ again it any person or persons, for any matter or thing whichhc or they shall do in pursuance cr execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within tliroe calendar moiulis next after the alledged cause of action shall accrue, and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general-ifliic, and give this act and the special matter in evidence against the plaintiff upon any trial to be had thereupon -, and if the phintiiV shall become non-suit, or fufler discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against the plaintiff, or if upon demurrer, judgment pass against him, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs against such plaintiff, for which there shall be Jikc remedy as in any case where colts by law are given to the defendant.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

7r9

A.D. 1798.

CHAP. X.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annarites, and of the Interef upon the Principal Sums therein pi v: ided for, and towards '.he Discharge of fitch Principal Sunn in fitch 1Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majestys Treasury 1o receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto His Majesty a certain Sum 04 Money out of the Con-Jolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for other Pmposes.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the thirty-fc- RecUnl 37 enth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for 3 '3‘

granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lien of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed during the J,hid term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty s colonies, and for other pmposes therein mentioned, several aids and duties were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and lucccffors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fc-ven hundred and ninety-seven, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ' ninety-eight in-cluiive, to pay an interest for the several Turns mentioned in an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, enti-tVd, An ail Jorfecuring the payment of the annuities, ami of the J<

3- r-

interef upon the principal sums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of such principalfums In such manner as therein is di-reSid, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty s treasury to receive certain sums for a limited lime in manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain fan of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousawl [even hundred and ninety seven, and for other purposes, or so much thereof as shouhl remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, to the perfirn or persons who lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or af-iigns, at the respective rates therein respectively mentioned, without any tee or charge, and free from all deductions what Ihe ver until such times as they shall be respefUvcly paid their piiu. ipil money, at one entire payment, and alto to pav the several annuities ami charges therein mentioned: and whereas, in pursuance rcc;:,i of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign,

8 f i entitled,

7^o The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

entitled, An act for the promotion anil cicrjiraganent of iv.'an.l

navigation, several fin ther suns hive been raised, lor which iiriv,

tlcbcntures bearing an imere!t at the rate of four poumls/rr con'.m,-. niviptiiin per annum, have hero billed, that is to lav, three hundred pen:.!-;

(Ii'liantuics.

haveb.-cn lor which debentures bearing mill lr.icrcu as au.rc-bml, Irrm tre

ifim.l .;t 4 j|of M;,n;h, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-tcnr,

jut cm:. j ‘

jfloi. ir.-.m t; one hundred pounds, f.>r which .1 debenture bearing Inch in'ertt: and mol. ’ as aforesaid, from the seventeenth day of I'chruary, One thoulard 1-07 7cniah fcvcu hundred and nim.ty-fi.ven, have been ifiiti d, which del u"i’»id.! r tures are outstanding and unpaid: and whereas hv a rdoh.tirn m c«m:r..>ns of the liotife of commons, of the fivll day of March, One tlieul.md tordiii '1>1‘ i"cvei1 hundred and nineiy-seven, it is resolval, that toward*railn.g g,19;,6g61. (], fUpp]y granted to his M.ijdty, for the service of the year One; thousand seven hundred and ninety-feren, the film of tlirce mi!-. lion three hundred and ninety-five thousand six hundred and hyi-G 3 ninety-six pounds, be raised by loan: And whereas in puduame c. 32.debon- of an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An all

633,000l. at for raising by loan thefiveralfans therein, mentioned, towards the from^Mj'cc fillPPh granted to Lis Maje.flyforthefirvice of lbs ye'ar, One thn-1-9C, evert fond [even hundred and minty-fiver., and for scanting the payment

issued, to railt n , n , -

402,0301. oj the mlirejt thereof, anil jer enabling-.the comnnjjioners oj Ins

treasury in Ireland, to.receive from the commissioners of the Ircafary

in. England, the sum therein mentioned, toward* the fold lean, ami

for focu ring an interefi for ihr fame, and to provide for the d.feharg:

of the fold sum, debentures, to the amount of six hundred and thirty-five thousand pounds, bearing an iuterefi at the rate of

five pounds fur centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of

December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-fi:-:, were if-

sued for raising the sum of four hundred thousand and fifty-

pounds, part of the said film of three million three hundred and

ninety-live thousand'fix.hundred and ninety-six pounds, paid into

&i,;oo,ooool. the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and in pursuance of the

"I'K said act, a sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds Bri-

Xriili, ii.is tllh currency, amounting in Irilli currency to one million fix lum-been received

from Eng- dred and twenty-five thousand pounds, hath been received at the ' receipt of l-.is Majesty's exchequer in this kingdom, from the cotn-mi, Turners of his Majesty's treasury in England, as a further part of the said sum of thice million three hundred and ninety five thousand six hundred and ninety-six pounds; and it is by the said Ea°f-)'°a/yr act enacted, that there shall be paid in London, by half-yearly Fmcrea"in°f Payments ’n every year, until the said lait mentioned loan shall be London,« redeemed and paid off in manner in the said act mentioned, ptr'cont. ' an ititcrcfl after the rate of six pounds I'even shillings and six pence

ter

The thirty-eighth Year of George '111. 7‘2'i

1-(jo.

Chap. iO.

in wee

per centum per annum, for the liiij sum of one million fix him- A.D. dred and twenty-five tiioufand pounds, three pounds lii'teen llili-lings thereof, to commence from the fifth d.iv of January, one thousanc! seven hundred and nhicry-leveu, am! the rem lining two pounds twelve shillings and six-pence thereof, to commence from the fifth day of April, One thousand seven lumdied and ninety seven: and whereas in pursuance of.an act passed in the said felfi- 0117 on of parliament, entitled, An nil fur the farther extending the innki.i'«l provifwns of an act passed in the tvaait't-first and tcxiauy-second years of his Majestys reign, entitled, An act for ejiabljshing a bank, by ’’’ 1

the name of the governor ami company of the bank of Ireland, the in ? twrcr.v. governor and company of the bank of Ireland, have paid into the jij'u receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, the sum of five hundred thou- jfj find pounds in the find act mentioned, as a loan, in part of the i" ri«r

sum authorized to be borrowed, towards raising the said sum of i "jow, three million three hundred and ninety-five thousatnl six hundred 17)7: and ninety-six pounds, for which sum of five hundred thousand pounds, ail interest or annuity of twenty-live thousand pounds, being a sum equal to the amount of the whole interest of five hundred thousand pounds, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, by the said act ciirested to be paid half-yearly to the said governor and company at the receipt of Ids Majesty's exchequer, and that the first payment should he made on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and that there should be also paid to the said governor and company, at the receipt of the said exchequer, a further annuity of three pounds twelve shillings and six pence for every one hundred pounds of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to continue for nineteen years, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and niriety-seven, and to be paid half-yearly, the said lift mentioned annuities, amounting to eighteen thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds, and by the said act it is enacted, that the yearly sum of thirty thousand anrl ia°ool

\ c . a year, being

pounds, being a sum(equal to the interest of the said lum of fix imereftof hundred thousand pounds, at the rate of five pounds per centum erSeroi per annum, commencing from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, should be paid to to bank, in the said governor and company, by half-yearly payments, in lieu jj>0ooi. of the said annuity of twenty - five thousand five hundred pounds; and -whereas for raising a further sum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of three million, three- hundred and ninety - five thousand fix You XVIII. 8 U hundred

such trc.»f,iry MM Itive b cn, no arc U. lei ucd

zoo,cool, has been raised on ta-.ifuiy bills ax 5 per Cent, pur/iu ant to a refutation of ' coalmens, of 3d June,

797 J me treasury bill for loo,cool, is payable r-ffh Jtwe, >7<;S, and the other on 25 th Pec. I798j

aids and duties granted by first receited act, are not fufnei* ent,

provision to be made for payment of

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

hundred and ninety-six pounds, it is by the said act, entitledi yin all for raising by loan the feveraifums therein mentioned, towards the supply granted to his Majfy for the service of the year, ate ihoufnnd/even hundred and ninety seven, and for feevring the payment of the interest thereof, and for enabling the commissftontrs of the treasury in Ireland, to receive from the commissioners of the treasury in England, the sum therein mentioned, towards the said loan, and for securing an intenji for the Janie, am! to provide fr the discharge of thefaitlfum; that for every (inn of ninety-two pounds, which should be contributed and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, towards raising the said sum a treasury bill for one hundred pounds be ifiucd am! given to the person who shall pay such sum of ninety-two pounds; and for every sum of forty-lix pounds, of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, which should be in like manner paid, a trealcry bill for fifty pounds, shall be issued and given to the person uiio shall so pay such film of forty-six pounds; such treasury bills to bear ail interest after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, on the sum therein contained, in pursuance whereoi such ircahiry bills have been, and are to be issued, and the same are payable on the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one tlimifaud eight hundred and two: and whereas by a ri-fohitirm of the house of commons, of the third day of June, one tiioufand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for railing any sum not exceeding the lum of three hundred thousand pounds, to he applied by I.is excellency the lord lieutenant, to defray the necessary expence of this kingdom; the sum of two hundred tiioufand pounds hath been raised on treasury bills, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand ("even hundred and ninety-seven; one of which treasury hills for 011c hundred thousand pounds is payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the other of said treasury bills for one hundred thousand pounds, the remainder of the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, is payable on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and whereas the aids and duties granted to his Majesty, in and by the first receited act, and appropriated to pay and discharge the several principal sums in the said recited acts respectively set forth, and herein before mentioned, have not proved sufficient for such purposes: and whereas" it is necessary to provide for the payment of the several principal sums at any time or times heretofore borrowed

upon,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 7?-3

upon, or secured by debentures or treasury bills, or upon flock A.D. nude transferable at the bank of England, which shall remain mi- i -of], paid on the twenty-fifth of March, one thotilaml leven hundred Chap jq. and ninety-eight, together with the interest thereof, or annuities ' \.j payable for the fame, and also to provide for the payment ol t.ie ! several life annuities granted upon the n-spective linns of two hundred and fisty-live thousand pounds, one hundred and seventy-(ive thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds heretofore raised; also to provide for the payment of the said several an- r;i. irakies of thirty thousand pounds, twenty-five thousand pounds, and j;’ !h"‘-etghteen thousand one huntlrcdandtwenty-five pounds, to the gover- i>; m rc-tmr and company of the hank of Ireland, pursuant to and upon the i'">’ terms in the said acts in that behalf mentioned; and also to provide and for an-

4 , tiui.icj h*r

for the payment of the annuities for terms f.<r years heretofore years, granted, pursuant to any act of parliament for eficftuating the railing of any money for the life of the government of this kingdom; and also to provide for the payment of the said several and for pay-funts, amounting to four hundred pounds, raised upon debentures ond'-brntureJ in pursuance of the faitl aft, passed in the twenty-ninth year of 3-

his Majesty's reign, and interest upon the fame, at the rate of four pounds fer centum per annum: be it therefore cnaftetl, by the King’s tnoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the several principal sums heretofore borrowed upon or fe- jl)ICrcll on cured by debentures, btaringan interest at the rate of three pounds ten <^ jC"'"rc5 11 shillings per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per an- and at 5 num, respectively, and for the said principal sum of four hundred bemures for pounds, raised in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, upon or secured by debentures, by29 Geo. bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per an- pi/, u, mm;, and for the several sums heretofore borrowed, in pursuance of any act upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the shall be trans-rate of four pounds per centum per annum, which are still out- at the bant. Handing and unpaid, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for such proportion of the faitl debentures as have, or shall have been converted into stock transferable at the bank of Ireland, pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, In alt to enable the proprietors nf debentures, ifftied by government, to convert them into Jiock transferable at the bard of Ireland, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, and at the bank of Ireland SUj respectively,

724 thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

respectively, at the end of every six calendar months, to he com-

1798. Pute(l from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven Chap. 10. hundred and ninety-eight, to the person or persons who paid or lent, or shall have become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, an interest at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, four pounds per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectively, and for the several sums heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable in the city of London, and for the several sums subscribed for and paid at the bank of England, and made (lock transferable at the said bank, there shall be paid in the city of London, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons who paid, or shall have become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators or , assigns, such interest and annuities as have been established on account of such sums respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts relating to the fame respectively, such interest and annuities to be paid without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until lucll time as they shall he respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

i.'.a-an-

II. And be it enacted, That said several life annuities, heretofore iJs 'jity granted to the several fubl'erihers who advanced and paid the said hxomt.- Jui. t^ree several sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds;

and one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds, into his Majesty's treasury, shall and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts heretofore made concerning the same respectively.

\ii.iiiitics.

III. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid several annuities, 73.1 be payable to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, ba'nk'as'iho? amounting to seventy-three thousand one hundred and twenty-become doc. flvc pounds, shall be regularly paid to the governor and company of the said bank, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act concerning the same.

Ar.nu'uicj

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities for bcimd'atthe years granted in pursuance of any act for elseftuating the raising u<d u l *"um or fims fi>r the use of the government of This king-

don. dom, be regularly paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of this kingdom, and at the city of London, according as the fame

2 (halt

interest r.nd annuities payable in JvC-nJi>n.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 725

shall Lave been respectively agreed or appointed to be paid to the A.D. persons thereimto re-'poclively entitled, as the same shall become due, 179^-according to the trr.: intent and meaning-of the several acts con- ^1:iPy 10,' ccrning the fame resp.:ilively.

V. And be it enacted, That for the principal sums at any time Welton heretofore borrowed upon, or -secured by treasury bills now out- buislob: handing and unpaid, ai:d which are not yet current to any receiver J"'*1 or collector of any revenue, aid or tax, in this kingdom, bear- >«to ,1,cir ing an interest of two pence halfpenny by the day for each one ‘ hundred pounds, and five pounds per centum per annum, and six pounds per centum per annum, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouilm'd seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand Tev.en hundred and ninety-eight,'to the person or persons having paid the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, a'dminiftra-tors, and assigns, an'interest after the rate or ttvo pence halfpenny by the day, for every one hundred pounds, and five pounds per centum per annum, and six pounds per centum per annum, according to the tenor offitch treasury bills respectively, without any fse or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until they shall he respectively paid’their principal money-St one entire payment.

VI. And bc’it enacted, That the aids grante'd'to his Majesty, ^.hpaitt-in and by an act passed in this Tession of pafiiament, entitled, Jti t;,;s f.f. An aBforgranting for one year, the several duties therein mentioned, iu lieu cf all other duties payable upon ’the articles therein specifecl >'>-1 w ipy-eluring-the said term, and for regulating the trade between this king- orcii on dm and his Majesty s.colonies, and for other ptlrposes therein men-tinned, and appropriated ;to 'the payment Of the interest eff the j»jk. und several Turns secure'd by debentures and treasury bills, and of fitch ft.nwe, and of the said debentures as have or shall have been converted into ftoak transferable at the bank of Ireland, and of the sums borrowed in England, and made flock transferable at the bank of England, and of the life and other annuities shall be applied and paid by the commissioners of his Majest)’’s 'treasury for the time being, or any-three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to the payment of the said interest and annuities, and towards payment of the interest of such Turn or Turns as shall be borrowed towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty, for the service of the year otic ihctufand 'seven hundred and ninety-eight, the rate of such interest and the terms of such loans to be ascertained, and directed hv any act pirficd, or to he V.O.L. XVIII. if X ’ palfed

Jt() 1 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

passed this session of parliament, and towards payment of the

: 1793. expences which may be incurred by fending or remitting, from

' time to, time to Londo.n, fitch of the several annuities-and interest

1 mpney as are-payable there, pursuant to the several acts passed re-

; lating thereto respectively, dr as maybe payable there, in pursuance of any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament, and also

: the charges,-attending the expence -of any money which may be

borrowed in England.towards raising the said supply, and-of trans-

alloivancei milting the same to this; kingdom, and also to the.-payment of

expence of the several,following 'allowances to: the governor and company

fcrelt^-'the' the bank of Ireland, for the purposes following,- that is to say,

rate of 4(ol. to defray the expence of paying the interest of-any principal sums

per million, payable-at the said i.baok, ;an.allowance-not exceeding the rate of four, hundred :and fifty-, pounds per,: annum t .1 for - one million of

pounds, of:t.he principal Aims ,.on -which such interest thall; accrue,

at the rate and for , payment > of-any. annuities, payable at the said bank, an

fot'tooool' allowance not exceeding the.rate. of.one hundred and-tweLve pounds

for paying . ten QidUr.es-Jbrten thousand pounds of-such. annuities, and for

aionme;

and at the taking, subsenpuonst to any., loan,: and: receiving ;t'he contributions

15'° ios.°fi!r thereto, an allowance -not exceeding: the -rate of-eight hundred

?ubrypV'o°n ant^ five pounds fifteen’shillings and-..ten-pence,fforrone-million of

to a loan; pounds-of such loan, and that: the surplus of the: said duties be

reded*by Jl" applied in such manner- as;shall be directed by parliament.

I’rofitor VII-'-.And be it enacted,iThat-.whatever..expences fhalh'-be in-

lofi incerred c.urred-by’ fending or remitting, from time to-time, the said interest,

t""lo'rng and annuities from this kingdom to - the city. of London, and the

London shall Payment-°f the fame there)shall be charged upon the duties; rates,

be brought; i.mpositions, and taxes, subject-to the payment of1 the said interest

of'd'eri' , and annuities, iandrthat.,whatever, -profit dlhall be--maderin the

wuK^pay way of exchange, ,by- remitting- the said lums, or any of them,

mentthereof. shall be brought; to-the,.credit--of.- the balance due of the said

duties.

n and 14 -VIII. And.bedt'further enactSd, iThatiamaftpalTgd in the tliir-

-ftr°amending teentK and fourteenth years of his MajestyV. reign, entitled. An feiuon" fbC *° (xpia‘n:a"d amerid an act passed in this 'fejfim of parliament.,

gracing an- entitled, An 48 for granting annuities - in manner therein provided, fficriVrj ,.to such perfems. as shall voluntarily subscribe -.towards the r.aifwg a zdjooool fam not txcee^nA ibe sum of tvm'-buudred and sixty-five thousand comlm.c4.jtopounds, -shall continue in force -amtil the twenty-fifth -iday of jjMar.1799. bjjrch^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

-Principal i IX. Atid-.be it enacted, That so much of the several principal 0" d'b. at sums. so heretofore from time to time borrowed upon, or secured

4-per cent. J,y

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 7*7.

by debentures carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds pir A.D. centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings/cr centum per *79®- . annum, and five pounds per centum per annum, respectively, as shall be due and unpaid o;i the twenty-fifth day of March, which per com. shall be in the yqar of o:.r lord one thousand seven hundred and Mar. "1799. ninety-nine, and such fnm or sums as shall be raffed or borrowed towards raising the fa'..! f'pply, as shall remain unpaid on :the towards Ciid twenty-fifth day of M;r J:; -nt thousand seven hundred and ninety- ml-rli nine, shall be well and -ruly satisfied and paid, unto the several and n’*H respective persons, their executors, administrators and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the respective rates at which the same are or shall be payible without any dedufiion whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That whatever-surplus or exceeding of Surplus of the duties granted in the last or any former session of parliament, proprimed u appropriated to the payment of the interest of the several principal

sums, annuities and charges, herein before mentioned, shall remain

in his Majesty's exchequer, over and shove all interest, annuities 1799, Hull be

and charges, payable thereout on the twenty-fifth day of March,

-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be disposed of in such manner as shall be directed by parliament,

XI. Arid -whereas towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty, it may be necessary to establish one or mote lottery or lotteries; be it therefore enacted, That at shall and may be lawful 0)iGom""®' Tortile commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for "the time being, «hry

or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treasurer, for the time being, -with the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other "PP.rj^ chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, licmenrtt. for that purpose to establidt one or more lottery or lotteries, upon such scheme -or (chemes of prizes to be paid in ready money, and at such time or times, and with all such further and other regulations, powers and pravisions necessary to carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed am! directed by the commissioners of his Majestyls treasury, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, for the time being, and that such lottery or lotteries, so to be established, shall be Jorttrics to conducted and carried on with such powers and authorities, and under the under and subject to (rich regulations and directions, and With such form of boot;-., mode of drawing, provisions as to tickets c c' u'l'on<:rT-delivered or not subscribed for, rewards to managers and other officers, difeoum for subscriptions advanced, and such forfeitures for omillions to pay or complete subscriptions to such lottery or lotteries within such time or times as shall be appointed by the 8X2 commissioners

subject. to

She thirty-eighth Year of George III.

eoinmissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by the lordihigh treasurer, for the time being, and under and subject- to such powers to pay incident expences necessary to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, and such othei powers and authorities, provisions and llritlioi’is^pe- 'eftriiitons, penalties, forfeitures, and remedies as are I’cverally nahi«, mentioned in an act made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-

3. c. 2. ’ second.years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for gr.:u:i.vy

unto his Majesty the feviral duties, rates, imfiofitions, and t.:ccs therein particularly expressed,-. to be applied, to the payment nf the interef of the sums therein provided for, and towards the dfebarg: of the said principal suns, in fi:b manner as therein is directed, and and in two for such other purposes as are therein, mentioned;-and in ana othei aft,.passed in the thirty-third year of his jpresent Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent, the insurance of luitery, tickets, to regulate the drawing of lotteries, and to amend the fame; and also in one other act passed in the same year, -entitled, An act for continuing and amending the several Itkws. relating to his Majesty s revenue, andfoi and in ,5 G. more effectttally /preventing frauds therein; and in one other act 3-c- 35- passed in- the shirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending the laws for the regulation of lottery ffecs, and imltfs other- for preventing the iufuranet uf lottery tickets; unless the same shall wife provided.j,c othcMvilc provided for this session of parliament, or dliall be enacted by any.act or acts to be palfed this session -of parliament, as-fully and effectually, to-all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly let forth and enacted, 3oo,ocol.'of -with respect'to such lottery or lotteries, to be established.; and hgto^pay1" that the sum of three hundred thousand pounds of the monies prizes drawn jwhidi shall arise by contributions, to the said lottery or lotteries,

in 1797.]

shall be applied to the difeli.-rge of the prizes in the lotteries drawn . in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-jeven.

Monies

XII. And be it enacted, That all monies coming into the receipt loraf and ^le exchequer, by-loans, towards raising the supply granted by profit on this act, and all monies arising by profits on tickets in any lot-bc carried to tery, in pursuance of this act, shall he carried to and.bcpart of eonfoitdated t|,e CO)I(oIit]ate(J fund.

fund.

T bills fcr XIII. Aud whereaS'tFcafury bills which have been issued for the ,io3,oo3l.at sum of,one hundred thousand pounds, raised. pursuant to a power per cnit. '‘-in an act passed in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, <1701,2ireirf’ bearing an.interest at the rate of.two;pence halfpenny by the day payable on for c<lc|, One hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, 1798; ’ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one., are payable on the

3 twenty-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the treasury bills which have been issued for the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a resolution of the houfo of commons of I'-.c nineteenth day of l-'ebruary, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, bearing an iutcrcft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, are payable on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoil-sand seven hundred and ninety-eight: We your Majesty's loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raffing the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this fclfion of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the film herein after mentioned, and do therefore mod: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by and out of such monies as shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and firms of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament, or by any act or acts passed this session of parliament, to be paid out of the fame, which sum and sums, the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, is, and are hereby authorized to issue and pay out of the find consolidated fund, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the supply granted to your Majesty, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, a sum not exceeding four million two hundred and forty-six thousand eight hundred and seventy pounds sixteen shillings and three pence farthing, and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, for the time being, are, or is hereby authorized to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the sum of four million two hundred and forty six thousand eight hundred and seventy pounds sixteen shillings and three-pence farthing, by this act granted out of the monies that shall arise by the surplus of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, shall be, and the fame is hereby appropriated, and shall be i fined in manner

Vol. XVIII. 8 Y aforesaid.

mid treasury 1- 'or 30...CO0l. it; , > cent, from 2f 1793-arc payable o- 25 Dec. 1798

Out of surplus of consoliJ.iici fund,

4,246,870!-i6f. 35<J.may be iflucil to make good the supply granted to his Majesty, for i;oS, fot purposes aforesaid, and as hereafter expressed.

4.346,87c!. j 6s. 3Jd. appropriated*

730 fT/je thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

aforesaid, and applied for and towards the several uses and pur-

1708. P°fes herein after expressed.

‘Chap. 10.

XV. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and suppliei aforesaid, there shall and may he issued, the fuin of fix to discharge hundred thousand pounds to the payment and discharge of the said payable on 2^ treasury bills, which are made current and payable, as herem Bc/’i'tIJs*5 before mentioned, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

34:0.5961.

XVI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or

43. 9Jd. for following purposes;

562,958l.

123 7$(1.

for 12,000 men:

supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding three million four hundred and thirty thousand five hundred and ninety-six pounds four shillings and nine pence three farthings, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other services herein particularly expressed, that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding five hundred and sixty-two thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight pounds twelve shillings and seven pence farthing, for defraying the charge of twelve thousand effective men, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's forces in Ireland, including the pay of commissioned and non-commissioned officers and private men, the charge of agency, and the charge of allowances to be made to captains, pay-masters, surgeons, riding-mailers, and for serjeants, -to be maintained within this kingdom, for one year ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five hundred and fifty thousand nine hundred and forty-six pounds thirteen shillings and two pence three farthings, for defraying the charge of seventeen thousand six hundred and twenty men, the augmentation to the land forces of this kingdom, for the internal defence of the country, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred and one thousand five hundred and seventy pounds fifteen shillings and seven pence, for defraying the charge of three thousand two hundred and thirty-four men fer.ving abroad, -including the pay*>of commissioned and non-commissioned officers and private men, the charge of agency, and the charge of allowances to be made to captains, pay-masters, surgeons, riding-mailers, and for serjeants, to be maintained by this king-. dom, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of Kgimcms an money not exceeding eight thousand pounds, for defraying the DuWm duty; charge of additional pay to such regiments of cavalry and infantry

as

509461.13s.

lor

17,620 men, augment.* lion;

101,770l. 154.74. for 32^4 men

abioiid;

cocol. adtli-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

as may be commanded on duty in Dublin, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty thousand seven hundred and forty-six pounds twelve shillings- and seven pence three farthings, for defraying the charge of general and general (lass officers, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any fur.i cr films of money not exceeding six thousand one hundred and fifty-eight pounds nine shillings and six pence three -farthings, for defraying the charge of the allowances to the muster-inafter-general, judge-aJvocate-general, physician, and surgeon-general, provoll-martial-general, fix commiflai-ies of musters, the agent for the trjnliniflion of deserters, and the town-major, their deputies and clerks, the medical boird, and the contingent expenc£3 of their respective offices, for one year, ending the thirty-first: day of March, one thousand seven hundred and -ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand seven hundred and thirty-one pounds sixteen shillings and two pence farthing, for defraying the charge of governors of garrisons, of military incidents, and of -fire and candles for garrisons, for one year, ending the tiiirty-first -day of March, one thousand fev-en hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums'of money not exceeding seventy-nine thousand tlirce hundred and twenty-five pounds nine shillings and ten pence harff-penny, for defraying the charge of recruiting and contingencies of his Majesty's land forces, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding eleven thousand eight hundred and forty-nine pounds eighteen shillings and eleven pence halfpenny, to defray the charge of half-pay officers of his Majesty's army, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand five hundred and sixty-nine pounds four shillings, for defraying the charge of the allowances to be paid to the widows of commissioned and warranted officers, and the expences attending the fame, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or fuins of money not exceeding one hundred and thirty-seven thousand five hundred and forty-five pounds thirteen shillings and nine pence, for defraying the charge of thcexpence of extra forage -for the cavalry, for one year, commencing the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred 8 Y 2 and

731 A- D.

Chap. to.

0.7^(51.12?. 7 *ti for gc-ner.d aivl lUit

6,1 >81 '9*. 6$<l. for a!- owances to mnik'i maf-tew judge-advocate, plnlician, iuigcon, and provail-jiutt,

ten. com. of iiiulU‘i$la^cn( for ilefaters. totvn-m..jof, imtl biurd,

aiul their contingent cxpciice* i

5,731l. i6». 2*d f<»r gar-nfotH, military inci* dents, &c.

79.325’.9’ -

lojd. for recruit iop, and contiii(:i ncirt ofland forces;

11.8491, iSs. I ;4d. for ha'f pay officers

5.31591.4.

for officers* widows;

*37.545'

13$ (jd for extra forage for cavalry;

7 3a thirty-eighth Hear of George III.

Ai D. and ninety-nine; any sum or films of money not exceeding seven 1798- hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and fourteen pounds

and one penny three farthings, for defraying the charge of the 766,614l.os. embodied militia of the several counties :of this kingdom, for one bodied min- 7ear) ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven tlsi hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceed-r.^]T ing ten thousand two hundred and thirty-seven pounds ten fliil-ing'3oco' lings,1 for defraying the charge of re-enlisting three thousand militia militia-niEiis -whose-tinie ofservice - will expire the twenty-fourth day of

294,1901. June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any sum or foTdttwa films'of money not exceeding two hundred and ninety-four thou-to|T,s sand one hundred and ninety-poutids twelve-shillings and four ;pertcc, fori defraying-the charge of the several district corps in this kingdom; for one year,1 ending; the thirty-first day of March, one

89,0561.61. thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine 5 any sum or sums of mioinal S' money -not exceeding eighty-nine thousand and fifty-six pounds blifluiient j six shillings and eleven pence, for! defraying the expence of the commissarial establishment, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, -one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thousand eight hundred and ten pounds, for defraying the expence of the Irish-medical board; for one year, ending the thirty-first day' of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums not exceeding one thousand -nine hundred pounds, to defray the annual expence of the several hospitals under the direction of the Irish medical board, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not, exceeding one thousand and forty pounds, for defraying the charge of tho expence of medicaments for the regiments of the line now- on the establishment of Ireland, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-iiinc j any sum or films of money not exceeding two thousand two hundred pounds, for defraying the charge of the Royal military infirmary, for one year, ending the thirty-first day- of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any film or films-of money not exceeding twenty-five thousand two hundred and one pounds nineteen shillings and nine pence, for defraying the charge of the Royal hospital for invalids for one year, ending the thirty-fiift day of March, one thousand' 31.ooool.-for seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not nse'rurpo exceeding thirty-one thousand pounds, for defraying the expence officers, Hair, of bat and forage for the general officers, fluff, medical' board, i- ' . and

3,810l. for medical. boatd;

1,900]. for Jiolpital? un <U*r medical board.;

1,040]. for

(medicaments for regiment3 ostine}'

:2,20c!. for loyal infirmary.;

05,:011.19s. 9d. for toyal: 'hospital}

The tJArty-ciohlb Year of George III. 73,5

and commissariat, upon being ordered to bold thcinlch'cs in re.uli- A. I.1, net's to take the field, in the campaign of one thousand seven Inin- Ib'S-dred and ninety-eight; any linn or linns of flunky not exceeding two hundred and thirty-lix tiioul'.ind pound*, for defraying the na-d:,-.,l charge of contingencies for the army and militia, under the head "Vnm’tr'tii, of barracks, for one year, ending the thirty-l'rft day of March, "jj. one thousand ftven hundred ;uid ninety-nine; any Him or sums ,.(-)030| fir of money not exceeding four hundred and forty-nine thousand ninsuic;ij, nine hundred and sixty-two pounds nine shillings and three pence |ICJii ,f i,r. fanhing, for defraying the charge of the ordinary and extraor-dinary expences of the office of ordnance, for one year, ending the thirty-first (lay of March, one thousand seven hundred and nance; ninety-nine; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding nine t^ool. i,r thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of the gun-boat cfla-blishment, for one year, ending the thirty-fu ll day of March, one thousand seven hundred and .','mely-nine.

XVII. Am! lie it emitted, That out of all or any of the aids ,0i+7ti.

or fupniies aforesaid, there shall and may he illiied and paid the 4:|-yi> ntkvn

11 . / of !iim!e ol

filin'of ten ihmifand four hundred ami Icventy-ciglit pounds one commonr, shilling and four pence to the several cfiircrr, of the house of commons herein particularly expressed, that is to say, the sum -tpool. of four thousand pounds to the right honourable John l’ofter, fjStei' speaker of the house of commons, to enable him to maintain the (late and dignity of his office j the sum of five hundred pounds ycol. 10 right to the right honourable Isaac Corry, chairman to the committees cwiy; of supply and ways and means, for his services this fdfion of par- ' liament; the sum of five hundred and forty pounds, to fir' George 5CO|. I0 fir Fitzgerald Hill, baronet, clerk of the house of commons, as a |:-1!'11-

0 . , tit. as clerk,

reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; awl tool, for

and a further sum of two hundred pounds, for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superintending the printing and making *78l-ls-^-

an index to the journal; of the house of commons of last session; Sc.

and also a further sum of two hundred and seventy-eight pounds

one (lulling and four pence, for engrossing the money bills of this

feflionj and for comparing, examining, and attesting the fame;

and a further sum of three hundred pounds, to be by him applied an‘l J00'- for

- 1 . ' *1 paying occa-

in paying fuc'h occasional clerks as may be necessary to be employed lional com-

this session in attending felctt committees appointed by this house S«ks j

to try the merits of controverted clettions and returns; the sum 350l. to E.

of three hundred and fifty pounds to Edward Trelham, clerk-

aflifiant, as a reward for his attendance and 'service this session of a"J 100>- for

’ extra trouble;

parliament; and the further sum of one hundred pounds for his Vol, XVIII 8 Z extraordinary

jcob to C F. Winllanlcy, and Jou. Rogers}

3I0l. loj. Cony, clerk, journals, and 200l. for fu: perliitending printing;

250*. to C.I1. 'i andy;

J50l. to Towi.lyRi'cfi-utlfon;

140I toDawson r.llis;

1601. to Wm. Rafferty;

r.7oi. «o J. Me Cintock, dq;

250l. to II. Codditigon .5

450l. fur ft* laug.-rneiU of Imlitiefs in offices;

70l. to Wm. Brown;

rool- to J. Kennedy and J. Walfli;

7 70l. lo speaker, for back-duor-keepera, tnef fengers, and attendants;

80l. to A bi* nia Ficeman-tle, for coals 2nd candles.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. extraordinary trouble in balloting for committees to try controverted elections; the sum of five hundred pounds to George Frederick Winllanlcy and Jonathan Rogers, committee-clerks, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to James Oorrv, clerk of the journals and records as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; also a further sum of two hundred pounds for his trouble in superintending the printing of the schedules of duties and other papers for the committee of ways and means in the present session of parliament; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Charles Henry Tandy, clerk of the engrofiments, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds to Townly Richardson, assistant-clerk of the engroflments, as a reward for his attendance and ler-vice this session of parliament; the lVm of one hundred ami forty pounds to Dawson Ellis, |,tte clerk o! the engrolimertts, in conlide-ration of his long and faithful Tcrvices in that oflice j the sum of one hundred and sixty pounds to William Rafferty, clerk in the chief clerks oflice, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to John Me Clintock, esquire, serjeant at arms, as a rewart'- for the attendance and service this session of parliament; the lun. cf two hundred and iifty pounds to Henry Coddington, for tile extraordinary trouble in attending the house of commons, as a depttty-fcrjcnnt at arms; the sum of four hundred and fifty pounds to the speaker of the house of commons, to be applied by him, for the better arrangement of business in the clerics offices; the sum of seventy pounds to William Brown, as a reward for his trouble and attendance in delivering the votes to the memlxts this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred pounds to John Kennedy and John Walfli, door-keepers to the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of seven hundred and seventy pounds to the speaker of the house of commons, to be hv him divided among the back-door-keepers and mefitngers attending the house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants, in fitch manner as he shall direct; and the sum of eighty pounds to dame Albinia Freemantle, for the additional expence incurred by her. in the articles of coal and candles, which lhc is obliged to fumish in the new buildings, in the interval between this and the next session of parliament.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 73-

X Vi!. And be it entitled. That out of ill or any of the aids A.D. or inyrihs aforesaid, there ill ail and may be issued and paid, the __ 1 i’ttm or tr. o thousand one luindred and thirty pounds to the |c- 1 °-

veral publick officers, for their several services, and in manner 2,nol.tu fallowing; that is to say, the film of three hundred and forty IilVt!'uv'i"< pounds to .’Stephen Moore, esquire, accountant-genera!, as a re-; ward fir lus expences and trouble in preparing and (dating ihcpiib-?fj^r‘‘,t®’. licit accounts of the nation, laid before the house of commons this feition of parliament; the sum of two hundred and forty 24°!. to J pounds to John Smart, deputy-accountant-general, for his extraordinary trouble litis le/iion of parliament, and for ftiperintending-the printing of the publick accounts; the sum of eight hundred Soot, tn fir J. pounds to sir John Tycid, baronet, in consideration of his extra-ordinary attendance, care, and expense, in the office of paymaster of corn premiums; the sum of (evenly pounds to Henry Smith, ;ol to it. deputy paymaster of com premiums, for itis extiaordinnry trouble ' ' ' and expence in preparing accounts by him laid before the house of commons, for one year, ending at Midfitmmer, one thousand fc-vctl hundred and ninety-seven; the sum of two hundred pounds jeot. to Paul to Paul Le Bas, examinator of corn premiums, on account of ^' the great encrease of his trouble in examining and keeping accounts of said premiums, and for his expences in payment od clerks, in the year ending at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the sum of two hundred pounds to John J!°ol'stor({'C' Claudius Beresford, elipiire, in fpcfdor-general of imports and ex- esq; ports, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing the accounts of the imports and exports for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, pursuant to the order of this house; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Wetherall, first clerk in the office of the inspector-general of imports and exports, for his extraordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before the house of commons, and attending the house this session of parliament; and the sum of one hundred and forty Mo1-,0J pounds to John Swan, examinator of excise, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts for the house of commons.

XIX. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or IO?«c-y1

4s. 3iu. for

supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued, and applied, any following

sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred and two thou-rcrv,ccs'

sand six hundred and twenty-four pounds four shillings and three

pence half-penny, for defraying the charge of several miscellaneous

services following, that is to say, two thousand five hundred pounds

S Z 2 for

736

A.D.

E798. Chap.

1.0.

z.jcol. for

aflitbnt

Judges.

28/col. for civil build* ings, &e,

2,500}. for

apprehending

offenders.

250l. to C.

11, Tandy.

25,0:0l. for charge i:i o.'lice of fj)i* citor in criminal causes-IO+7l 10*.2i|. fir pririoov*, in port ot"

Uuhlin.

3501l. to of-j

ticetti in fc'.iig-l.uu! ami lu-I’ni.l jo* !>i 0-f.-ot fcfli >n, &c.

7.0215’. lO/il. lor piiming p*o* cl.inuiioiu a n! ndveiiHc* iiK'iits in riewfjnp.'u.

11,704l. 18s. gd. for p-int* ing an.! Ilat-tioiaty for parliament.

l !,93ol. q:-. 6d lorglinting and tin-tionary, and oilier <tif-bnrfements, in Dub'iu

Cad!c;

7 be thirty-eighth Year of George III.

for defraying the charges of the appointment of associate and affiftartt judges for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or lum:. of money not exceeding twenty-eight thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of civil buildings, including the wages of overseers, rents and taxes, and other incidental expences for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or iums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, to defray the charge of apptchtading public!-: offenders for one year, ending the twenty-fifth d.-.-.-March, one thousand feveil hundred and ninety-nine; any fun; ,.r films of money, not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds, for defraying the charge which may probably be incurred in the office of the solicitor in criminal cattles for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or fun is of money not exceeding one thousand and forty-fevcil pounds ten fniliings and two pence, for defraying the cxpcr.ce attending pratique in the port cf Dublin, for cue year, ending the twenty-fifth day of Mirch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or fu ns of money, not exceeding three t'.iou-sand five hundred pounds, to piy the charge of the customsry allowances to the I’cvcra' officers in England and Ireland, for their attendance and kr.Le l.i the present fcllion of parliament; end also the fees payable to several of the said officers on passing the several public!: bills of the present fcllion; any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven thousand and twenty-six pounds nine shillings and ten pence halfpenny, to defray the charge of printing proclamations and advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, and other newspapers, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand l’even hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or firms not exceeding eleven thousand seven hundred and four pounds eighteen shillings and nine pence, to defray the charges of printing-work and stationary for both houses of parliament during the present fcllion; any sum or Aims of money not exceeding thirteen thousand nine hundred and thirty pounds nine shillings and six pence, for defraying the charge of stationary and other disbursements for the chief and under-secretaries offices and apartments, and other publick offices in Dublin Castle, and for the riding-charges and other expences of the deputy-purfuivants, and extra-messengers attending the said offices, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand 2 five

The thirty-eighth Year of George I'll, five hundred pounds, to he applied to defray the incidental expences of the board of treasury, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the fuin of three hundred and sixty-one pounds three shillings and six pence lialfpenny, to make good the loss of emolument to the clerk, usher, and assistants in the council-office, for one year, ending the Ivrenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money, not exceeding seven hundred and forty pounds, for defraying the charges of clothing the company of battle-axe guards, for one year,-ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred anti ninety-nine ;, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds eighteen shillings and two pence, to pay the usual and customary allowances to the several persons, and for the several purposes following, that is to lay, the sum of one hundred and fifty, pounds to the French conformift mini Her of the united congregation of Saint Patrick’s, Dublin.; the sum of one hundred pounds to the French ministers at Cork.; one hundred and eighty pounds to the French ministers at luftiurn, Dundalk, and Inniflian-non, at sixty pounds each; one hundred pounds to the French ministers at Waterford and Portarlington, at fifty pounds each; fifty pounds to the minister of the congregation of German protestant in Dublin-; twenty pounds to the ordinary or chaplain of the new prison, for the time being, for visiting the sick prisoners in the several prisons 'in Dublin; fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two pence halfpenny, 'to the reiftor of Saint Paul’s, for attending the sick in the bariack of Dublin,; fifty-two pounds eighteen [shillings and two pence halfpenny, to the chaplain attending the prisoners in the Four-Courts Marshalsea.; forty-two pounds six shillings and seven pence to the chaplain to the garrison of Charlemont; thirty pounds to the under library-keeper; fifty pounds and fifteen shillings to the vicar of Castleknoc-k, in lieu of tithe and glebe-land in the Phoenix-park; twelve pounds to the minister of James’s, for the like; forty-one pounds and seven-pence halfpenny, to the vicar of St. Andrew’s, for minister’s money, payable out of houses and grounds whereon the parliament house Hands; ten pounds six shillings and two pence, to the reftor of Saint Michan’s, for minister’s money; eighteen pounds five shilling6 and six pence, to the archbishop of Dublin, for proxies out of divers churches; three pounds fifteen shillings to the bishop of Meath, out of the manor of Trim; forty-seven pounds six shillings and eight pence, to the dean and chapter, and vicars choral of Christ Church; eight hundred pounds to the lord mayor and Yol. XVIII, g A citizens

r.coo!. (or incidental expences of boutri of tirftfiTy j

36il. %i. 6hd. 10 clafc, urtier, and aflilnnts, in council off:cc;

740l. for clothing battle-a.-tc

guatiisj

2,510l. l$J. 2d. lor following purports;

150*. to French mi* niPiCT of Sr. Patrick's; tool- to French mint'-Her a: Cork-: i8jI. to French mini' ters at J,if-btirn, Dun* dark, and In* ntlhannon; tool, to French ministers st W.i-terfotd 2nd Pontrling-ton;

German mi* niller in Djb* lin, 50l.

2ol. to chapl or New

Ptifoll;

52l. l8l. to rector oi St. Paul’s; 521. 18s. 2$d. to di.tpl.iin of Fimr-courts imrlii.illfa. 42l. 6s. 7(1. to chaplain of garr. of Charlemont, jo1, to the under-Jibra* ri.in:

ol. 15s (0 v.car oj Caf-t.ckr.ack;

171.10 minis-t*r of James’: j 4 it o> 71‘h t*> vie..: ol A tdrcw'j

The thirty-eigh'ih Year ^ George III.

citizens of Dublin; :three hundred and eighty-eight pounds fifteen shillings, to the provost and.fellows of Trinity College; one hundred pounds,- to the professor of the French and German languages in Trinity College; one hundred pounds, to the professor of the Spanish.and Italian languages in'Trinity College; one hundred and' sixteen pounds thirteen shillings, to the Royal Irish Academy,' for rent of an house; and fifty two pounds eighteen shillings and two pence halfpenny, to the attendant on the nautical observatory; any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred atul eighty-two pounds four shillings-and three-pence-halfpenny,-to.be applied to pay major general Valiancy, after the rale of fifteen-drillings per day, during the lime, he shall he employed on a military' survey of this. kinjrtloin, in the year ending the twenty-fifth day of b'l.archj'One thousand feyeii hundred and ninety-nine j the,sum of seven,-hundred:and fifty pounds,: to:be applied to defray the charge of the fevc-ra! diiluirfements to be. ma'de. by the gentleman uliter of the black rod, for the Ufa of the house of lords, during the prel’ent session; the sum of- one hundred, and seventyrcigh: pounds, to the clerk of the house of lords, for engrossing, com-paringarid attc-lling the publick bills of-.the present session, except the money biilo; the iitm. of two hundred; pounds, to Robert Scott, InL'D. for his trouble in,attending the.sick in his Majesty’s

tool, to pro-feflor of I'VqmcIj and German, tool, to pro-fdlcr of Sp.a-ni'li a»i ha-Jian.

116l. t ’,s. to It. I. Academy.

5*1. l8s. 2jd.;

oTi3!iaiitfcl.iC g^ol, culied r'lt; Pril'on, for one year, ending the twenty-obfrrvatory.

lor M. sten.

Valiancy.

750l. sordid

burfements by gent, utlier of black rod.

1781. to dirk'

of H oflords.

200l. to Robert Scot:,

M. D.

S32I, to Lagan navigation, in lieu of duty on beer and ale; aUo.jjl. \os.

21 fcool. to linen 'and hempen m?-mfnilures, vj‘4.

2o?oi. fur railing hemp .-.ltd fl ix. co.ool. for Iveaijea aul tU'tcti mmu-lacturcsin binder,

MunlL-r and ..L'omua’h;.

fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the sum of eight hundred and thirty-two -pounds, to the local couimiflioiiers of the Lagan navigation, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-time, in lieu of a duty on beer and ale, formerly granted them within certain parts of the distiiet of Lilburn.; and a sum of fifty-one pounds ten shillings, to the ("aid commissioners, being the amount of a deficiency in the grant- made to them in the lall session of parliament, in lien of the said duty.

XX. And be -it enacted, That out of all or any of the said aids . or supplies.aforesaid, there shall and may be issued to the trustccs . of the linen and hempen manufactures, the (urn of twenty-one thousand six hundred pounds, for the following purposes, that is; to lav, the linn of, two thousand pounds, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and . ninety-nine, to encourage the railing of fuilicient quantities of; hemp amfidax in this kingdom; the further sum of two thousand pounds, lbr one year, ending-the twenty-fifth day of March, one -thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the encouragement oi the hempen and flaxen manufactures, in the provinces of Leinficr, t Pviunfter,

The'thirty-eighth Year of George III. 739

Mtinller, and Connaught; and the further sum of seven thousand A.D. two hundred and fifty pounds, for one year, to the twenty-fifth 1798. day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to Chaplio-encourage the,growth of'flax, in this kingdom; and the sum of ten thousand three, hundred and fifty pounds, for one year, ending growth rf the twenty-fifth day -of March, one thousand seven hundred and J1^10 lrc‘ ninety-nine, to be by the find trustees applied in such manner as io.jjoI. w shall appear to them to be most conducive to promote and cn- *'*

courage the said manufactures, the said sum to be in the place and of’thlT Read of a like sum paid to them, out of the produce of the duties like payable on teas and coffee.

Out of tea ant] coffee.

50*0l. to board of

>c

D.rbi.

XXI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or 'supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and paid to the Sail fi-jUi. board of first fruits,' the sum of five thousand pounds, for building

new churches,-and re-huilding old churches, in such-parishes as no publick divine service has been performed in for twenty years lait pall, and for the encouragement of building glebe bodes, on such terms as they shall think fit.

XXII. And be it also enacted, That out of all cr any of the aids or supplies aforesaid,-there shall and may he illiied to the Dublin Society, the sum of five thousand five hundred pounds, for the improvement of husbandry, and other ufefu! arts-in Ireland, to bs applied in such manner, as shall be directed byparliametu, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March,-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XXiri. And be it enacted, That out of all oratiy of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ifltied to the corpo- '-'"P0'-*,

11 * torp.Vlil^r

ration for paving, cleansing,-and lighting the (treats'of Dublin, the yU cl.-.iffuin of ten thousand pounds; that is to say, the film of five thou- IIIj! " '" (and poumls, to be by them expended in paving, lighting, and cleansing the said streets, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said sum to be in tire place and (lead of a like sum, paid to them out of the produce of the duties on carriages; and a further sum of five thousand pounds, towards enabling them to discharge the extraordinary expences to be incurred during the time afore-, laid.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That ottt of all or any the aids or 'supplies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued to the cotmniifi- ' oners for making wide and convenient streets in the city of Dub- vcj

0 J :t.4

fin, the sum of four thousand five hundred pounds, towards cn-abling-themto discharge the iritere’ft due on the principal sum, for which certificates have illiied by them, lor the purchase of grounds9A a -ai :i

740 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

and houses for opening the avenues on the north fide of the rivet 1798. Liffey.

XXV. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids 4+,140l. . or supplies.aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and paid, the

sum of forty four thousand one hundred and forty pounds, for v"- the use- of the several publick hospitals and schools, in manner

M.ocol. to herein after mentioned, that is to say, the sum of thirteen thou-foeiciy.: sand. pounds to the incorporated society, as1?, full provision for sup-

porting the Protestant charter schools for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

10,coo’, to; ninety-nine; the Ann of ten thousand pounds, to the governors HofjS2 of the Foundling Hospital and'.Work-house,'towards-enabling

them- to pay off the debts by them contrafted, for the use of that , clnlrity, and towards supporting their necessary expences, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hun-

lioufcofln and ninety-nine; the'fuin of thirteen thousand four hundred

Juilry. pounds, to the corporation for the relief of; the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of Lnduftry, in aid of charitable contributions, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of rooool. to Hi-March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the sum of riaoThooi!" one tlioufaml pounds, to the Hibernian Marine Society, towards supporting that charity, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the sum 2000l. to Hi- of two thousand pounds to the governors of the Hibernian School, (thool" Air the support of that charity, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; 4740l. to and the sum of four thousand seven hundred and forty pounds, to L^ck HofpU* the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, towards supporting that charity, ul- for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day' of March, one thousand seven hundred and -ninety-nine.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids lod. lor S' and supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued any film or coNegc^at sums not exceeding ten thousand three hundred and two pounds Mayooooih. five shillings.and ten pence, to the trustees appointed to carry into

eflfeft, an act passed in the thirty-fifth year. of his Majesty's reign, for tile better education of persons profelling the popifii or Roman Catholic religion, to enable them to complete the building of the Caiholitk 'seminary at Maynooth, and for other purposes.

Applies-

XXVII. And be it -.enacted, That the said aids and supplies, snd supphts. provided as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the uses, in tents, and purposes in this, aft mentioned, and -allb ohe payment

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

orcotipanf.itbn heretofore allowed, for or i:i lien of the prizige ami butlerags of wines, and shall not be iffited or applied to any other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all ifitics made from his Ma-jcity’s treasury, on account of the fmn by this act granted, ior defraying the charge of the several district corps of this kingdom, shall be exempted from the fees of pells and poundage-

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the Losses which may have accrued to individuals, from treasury bills or debentures having been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed, be it enacted, that in all cases where it shall appear by affidavit, before any of the barons of the court of Exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon to the satisfaction of liich baron, that any treasury bills or debentures have been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed, before the twenty-hfth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or that there is good reason to believe that the fame have been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed, the respective officers of the treaf ury appointed to make forth Inch treasury bills, or debentures, or to pay the same upon producing a certificate of any of the said barons, of such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons shall take, and which certificate they shall grant without fee, and on security being given to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, to the good liking of the said officers, to indemnify them against all other persons l'or the mcr.ey specified in such treasury bills or debentures, the said 'Officers shall at the request of the owner or owners of such treasury bills or debentures, and with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, make forth duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the interest which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures To stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed, and such interest as shall acciue, in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the interest thereof, if the lame had not been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed.

741

A.D.

'70S.

Chap. 1 c.

1 iiin'S for (Mltiicl t'.yrps

ext mj'iftt flout pelis r.nJ pound.

age.

When it IV.U

llVc^by affidavit, to

any of the batons, that t»cuf, bills cr debentures !uv\- hern ’ fofi rrde-II royc d, ami they shall certify the fame, officers of treasury tray make out duplicates. with

perm liian of* L. on iVcurtty lu-iftj- lodged, as herein ordered, and shall pay principal an;: intcriit.

5 B

Vol. XVIII.

c ii a r.

The thirty eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. XI.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Teat cf His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for colkBing and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt.

it is exp". \X WHEREAS 's expedient to continue an act passed in diem rocon. the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, 'entitled. An act of 37 G. ail for collecting and securing his Majesty s revenue upon malt; be it 3-c- 33‘ enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of foid aft con- the fame, That the said act shall be, and contirue to be of force juncfiTrat unt‘1 twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred

mo end ot arK] ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next

next ftffljon. , J

feCipn of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. xir.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty s Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue, an act: passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating the import, export, andfale of coffee, and securing the duties payable thereon; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons_in tills present parliament Coffee aft assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act 37 Geo. 3-r. (]ia|| pe alK] continue to be of force for one year, from the twenty-

52. comtni’.cd * 7

toju,e, fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-i'li'.e, cndu’fnext and from thence to the end of the then next session of parita- fctim. merit, and no longer.

742 a. n.‘

179b.

CHAP.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

743 A.D. 1798.

CHAP. XIII.

In AB for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom, and the United States of America.

WHEREAS an act which pa/Teil in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for facilitating the trade and interccnrfc htcvion this Hugtkm amt the United Statet of America, was by subsetpient acts continued to the Uveaty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and whereas it is expedient that the said act Ihouh! be further continued for a limited time; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Msjdly, by anil with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament affenibiei1, ami by the authority of the same, That the said act, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and lie In force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to empower the l.ord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Perfns as he or they fail suspeB for conspiring against his Majestys Petfott and Government.

' H ERE A S a traitorous and detestable conspiracy having been formed for subverting the cxifling laws and constitution, an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act to empower the lord lieu tenant, or other chief governor or governors of 1 reland, to apprehend and detain such per fans as he or they shall fttfpecl for conspiring against his Majesty s person and government: and, whereas it is necessary for the puhliek safety, that the said receited act should be continued, be it enacted by the Kit g’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall he, and continue to he of lone from the passing of this act, until the Srft day of January in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and until the end of the then next feiiton of parliament.

[Preamble,

Recall Art r 3*

Ir.'J aft con* liniK’J >’> i IT?;. a! 1 in (-/' next fell,on.

9 B 2

CHAP.

744 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

iyijfl.

CHAP. XV.

'tfn Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs ami Succffors,

certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all.Letters and Packets mlhin this Kingdom.

FOR the better support of your Majesty's government, and the convenience of trade, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituul and temporal, and commons in thn pieftnt parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from raid alter the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, incltuive, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the polt-maller-general of this kingdom, for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, servants and agents, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, teeth c, and take, for the portage and conveyance-of all -letters and packets which he il all . convey, carry, or fend post, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the foyer.d rates ami sums of money herein after mentioned, 'that is to say, for the port and conveyance cf every single letter or piece of paper, from the office in this kingdom, where such letter or piece of paper, shall be put in, to any distance wiihln the fame not exceeding fifteen miles Ir.fli measure, the sum of two pence 5 and to any didance exceeding fifteen miles, and not exceeding thirty miles the sum of three pence; and to any dilhnee exceeding thirty miles, and not exceeding fifty miles, jlwfum.of four pence j and to any distince exceeding fifty miles, and not exceeding eighty miles, the sum of five pence; an 1 to any distance exceeding eighty miles, the sum of six pence; and for die port cr conveyance of every double-letter, double the Cud fum3 reflectively; and for every treble letter, treble the said.1'ums respectively*, and for every ounce w.iglu, four times the said sums respectively; ami so in proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a single letter; and tint all letters and packets directed from any place in this kingdom, to any part or parts in GrceiBritUn, cr-bcycnd the seas, or received in tills kingdom from Great Britain, or any part or parts beyond the fear, shall be charged and pay for their portage and conveyance f.v!iJjin this kingdom, from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadec*, or any other port where packet-. boats for tlufconvcyance of letters to and front this kingdom, are or may be estab-lifiicd, as they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the said places, according to the rates afortfud.; and that every letter or packet passing through the general pod-office in die city of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom not less distant than four miles from the general post-oliics in the said city, to any place within the find kingdom, not less distant than four miles from the general post office in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the distances herein before mentioned, to Dublin; and be further charged and piy according to the fame rates from Dublin, and that for every letter or packet directed on Loaid or brought or sent from.on board any ship or vessel riding cr (lopping in any port within this kingdom, there shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above the rates aforesali, the sum of one penny.

It. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's post.maller-gcrcral of this kingdom, and his deputies, and lie and they

4

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

are hereby required to chmr.nd find ) arrive for the port ami conveyance of all letters

acU now made, or hereafter to be made by the parliament of Great Britain 5 and . that Ins Majesty's poll-nuflev-genjv.il of this kingdom ilnil, and he is hereby iiutho-riaed and required to account for and pay the ftme quarterly to the revenue of the poll-office of Great Britain 5 and tint ihnve (hell Ik* paid to his Mrjrfiy, his heirs and AtcccUors, for the delivery of cmrv British or foreign printed nev. spaper, and for every printed vote or proceeding in pmliument, arriving at the general poll-o.Tice in Dublin, ‘Waterford, or Donaghadee, or any other poii, where such packet boats as aforesaid arc, or shall be cflablillied, from Great Britain, \t hheut covet:;, or tn covers open at the files, the Aim of one penny, over and above the petiage which may be charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in like mnnujr there shall be paid to Jiis bl.ijesty, Ids he;:-., and Aicvellors, for the port and conveyance through.this kingdom of cury primed uewfjvipcr, directed from any part of Ireland to any part of Great Britain without covers, or in covet; open at the (ides, the Aim of one penny, and no more, which fu:n of 0:1c penny shall he paid on the delivery of every such newspaper at the potl-office from whence it shall be dispatched in this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the po!i-/nafler general, for the time being, and his deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the tv/ciuy-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, indufive, and no longer, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portager.iul conveyance of all At'era and packets conveyed by the penny polr, according to the Avera! rates lien in after mentioned; that is to say, that' for the port and conveyance ox any letter or packet, tint being move than four ounces in weigh!, from and to any place within the limits of the circular road about the city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet into the penny pofl-office the Ann of one penny, and for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, from or to any place btyond the mid limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from er to any place within the circuit of the penny poil-office, there shall be paid at the time of putting in such letter or packet, the Ann of one penny, and a further fine of < no penny on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or packet of any weight which shall be font to, or delivered from the general penny-poll office by the penny-poll, from or to any place not being within the said limits r.s before sfrertrsned, there shall be paid the lum of one penny evd* and above and exclusive of the fever.:! rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it enacted, That every biil of exchange, rr.civhar.ls-accoum, invoice, or bill of lading, writ, prccefs, or proceeding at law, written upon the fame filter, or piece of paper with a letter, and every letter to or Iron: fever d *.r diliincl perform, written upon the fame {licet or piece of paper, Jh.tll be rated, !. am! paid for as so many several or dilUuct laters, according to the fever..! r .:e* cfiahliihc.l by this utl, or hereafter to be cfl.ibliihcd . y any act, to be y.i; ’ .: this kingdom relative to the portage of letter* within the same.

V. And whereas pattern:; of cloth, lllks, (lulls, and imrk ! wylcs of ether fort.*, of goods, are frequently enclosed in a Angle letter or piece u piper, and tent by the poll; be it enacted, That for every Angle letter or cover a.d. -.'a! on the ou'.fhle tf patterns," containing one or more paper or papers with p.m ms, or containing one or more pattern or patterns, of cloth, fiik, or (lull*, or or - or more lanqde or samples of any other fort of goods, and containing no other vr ting, matter, or thing, save only what appertains to such patterns or samples, h the fame together

VOL. XVIII.

9C

do

7.46 The thirty eighth Year of George III.

j-) do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double lett cr by this rcc or by any act to be jvifietl in this kingdom relative to the portage of letters within the fame, flrdl be paid, and no more.

VI. And be it enacted, That the twjft-master-gener.il for the time being, shall cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majeliv, his heirs and luc-ccffcrj, by virtue of this act.

VII. And be it enacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the ra{<.$ and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after paving all charge-:, outgoings, dilhurfcineut*, expences and fabrics necessary for the receipt ami managemenl of the fame*, and all expellees attending the said office, and the due execution of this act, snail be paid into his Majesty's exchequer in this kingdom, in such manner, and at such time 'and times as his Majesty, his heirs ami succesi'nrs, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall direct and appoint.

VJN. And be it enacted, That in case the pofl-master-general, or any perfem ronccnied in the execution of this act, lhr.il neglect or refuse to perform any matter or thing whatsoever, according to the true intuit and meaning of this act; or if they or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert, or mifipply any of the monies by them, or any of them, collected or received by virtue of this act, contrary to the true meaning thereof, then ami in every such case, every persons so offending, shall forfeit his office, and be incapable to serve lii.s M.ijofcv, his heirs and successors, in any office or place of trull or pro-lit, and shall be liable for every such offence to pay treble the sums so embezzled, diverted or misapplied.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to or be deducted or received by any officer or officers of tins kingdom, to his or their use, for or cn account of the issuing or payment of any sum or films of money arising by, cr v,i:ieh find! be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to l.is M'.jcily, hi> heirs and successors, or of any payment to be nude in purfiunce of this act, hut that the fame fluff be accounted for to Ids hla-jetty, his heirs an.! fuecefibu.

X. And be it c:ucl:d, That no letters or packets fcr.t by the poll to or from any place or places wh.ul’ucvcr, shall be exempted from paying the duty of poflage according to the rates ellabli.he.l by this act, other than and except such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under such restrictions as are herein after declared and entitled concerning the same; that is to say, all letters and packets net exceeding the weight of one ounce, and not coming from any foreign place or parts beyond the seas, and fen: from or to any place or place’s within this kingdom during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty dajs after any summons or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the otitfide thereof by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole superscription shall be of the hand-writing of such members, and shall have endorsed thereon in the fame handwriting, and on the same side with such uperfci iption and signature, the month and the day of the month and year when the same shall be put into any poll-office of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the poll, the day and month to be in words at length; and also flu 11 have endorsed thereon in the fame hand-writing, the name of the poll-town front which the fame is to be sent.

XI. Provided always, Tint no such letter or packet shall pals free of the duty of pollage, unless the member directing the same shall have actually been in the post-town, or within the district or delivery of such poll town where such letter or packet Hull be put in to be forwarded by poll on the day of the date superferibed

on

179b Chap, i

7 he thirty-eighth Year of George III. 747

on such letter or packet; ami also evtvpt all letter.: rm! p'.cl.cM not exceeding the A. V)»

like weight, which shall during the fitting of any feir.on c parliament, or within 1/9^'

forty d.iys before, or forty dav> after any summoit; or prow-anon of the fame, lu’ Chap- r 5* directed from r.nv place in this kingdom, to any member of cither hotifo of the parliament of this kingdom, at the place where lie shall actually he at ih.c tune of the delivery thereof, or at any of his ufu:! places of rjidence, or r»t the iumle oJ parliament of which he is a member.

XII. Vrovided always, and be it further civ.k\.\\ by the authority aftwef.e.d. T bat no member of either of the said two Iiouies of p.uli.unem, fin! be cnmLd or allowed to fend by the poll, free from the duty of pollage, fupcrfcnbeJ or directed by him, more than ten letters in any 0:1c day, nor Hull be entitled or allowed to receive by the poll, free from the duly of poll.igc, move than fifteen letter? direcied to him in any one day.

XIII. l'rovided alfn, and be it further enacted, That whenever the number of letters or packets not weighing more than one ounce cadi, font or rccdvtd by any member of either of vlie two houses of p rliamer.t, in any one (lav, shall exceed the number exempted by this act, from the duty of poll lire, and the rates of pollag'* on the said letters or packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ, then such of the said letters or packets as would be eh.irg-.able with a higher rate of pollage than the remainder shall be included in the number lb exempted, in preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower rate of pollage, and the rent tinder of such letters or packet;, shall be chargeable with the several rates of puflage respectively, to which such letters or packets would be chargeable, if feilt or received by any persons not entitled to fend or receive letters or packets free from the duty of postage.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to charge with the duty of poltage any letters <»r packets from ;md to any place within tbit kingdom, directed to his MajestyV. fcuicnant-g nerrl, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the lord high chancel)-. v, t.he speaker of the Loufe of commons, t!ie lord high treasurer, the commissioner;, of the treasury, and their secretary, his Majesty's adjutant-general for the time being, in this kingdom, hi-;

Majesty's principal secretary of Hate for thi; kingdom, the chief fuauary of fuel) lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Ulster and Munftor, the under-feevetary and first-derk of the civil department in the said chief secretary’s oif.ee, trie under-secretary and Jiift-clerk for the military department of the office of such chief secretary, the chief commissioner of the barrack-board, or to his Majesty's post-nudier-gentrul of i!:;-. kingdom, the secretary of the said general post-oll.ee, the comptroller of the Jbrting-offico in the said general post-o.iice, and the surveycr*, of the said poll-office, the derk of the parliament, and the clerk of the house of commons, ail for the time being, or any letters or packets font by any of the ibid officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which 11. all rJ..:c to the bttilntft, of their respective offices, or their own private concern.; only, and find] be f.gned, fupsrscribed, and dated on the outfnle of such letters as afcK:..ld; and, in c.ife any such officer shall receive under cover 10 him, with intern to;v»«h: Tie payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any letters or packets i:;i ndtd for, or directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby authorized and r mftrod to fend the same to the general poll-office in Dublin, in order that fit :h «Tiers and packets may be charged with the duty of postage payable thereon, it b'i Tic true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of fending'aW re ft-big letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packer only, as relate to she business of their respective offices, or their own immediate an I private concerns,

9C 2 or

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

or to charge with the duty of portage any letters or packets sent from the general post office in Dublin, and which shall appear by an endorsement made thereupon by feme person or persons, not exceeding two in number, authorised under the band and seal of the potl-nmfler-general.of this kingdom, for the time being, to he on his Majesty's service, ami shall be foaled with the seal of the said general port-office, which person or persons are hereby strictly forbid so to endorse and fe.tl any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only, concerning which they shall receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall Utcmselves know lo concern the business of the port-office; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of the said poll-marter-general, fl.all knowingly make and subscribe such endorsement, or procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which does not really concern the business of the said general port-oflke, lie shall for the first offence forfeit mid pay the sum of five pounds, and for the second offence, shall be dismissed from his office.

XV. And be it enacted, That nil covers containing muster-nflidavits from thcout-

penfloners of the royal-hospital, and font from any place within this kingdom, directed to the regiller of the said hospital, shall be delivered lo the said regiilcr free of the duty of portage; provided that every such cover shall be unsealed, and shall contain no oilier enelofuvc, lave ami except the said murtcr-aiiidavits, and that all printed receipts for the pay of such out-pensioners made up as a letter, or cover of a letter, and directed with the words, To Out-pensioner of the

lloyal-hospiul; being printed thereon, and fe.iled with the seal of tlii paymaster of the Royal-hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of portage, to such out-pcnfloners M-ithin this kingdom to whom they shall be respectively directed; provided such printed receipts shall not contain any endofure; and if any such receipt, cover, or murtcr-ailidavit, shall be found to contain any cnclosure whal-soever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in that case, every fuel*, receipt made up r.s a cover or letter, and every such cover or mutter-aflidavit fli.'.l! be charged and liurle to treble the duty of pollage, according to the rates dlablifhc-d by this ;-,a, a:iy ti:ii:g condined to the contrary in any wise noc.vitliftamiing.

XVI. And be it cmfled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for certain persons v;i*o by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain, have heretofore sent or received Inner', and packets free from the duty of portage, by virtue of, or under nnv ail or acts of the British parliament, to send and receive by the poll letters and pack:'* from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty of pollage, subject nevertheless to such limitations :ir,d rdlriftions as persons in this kingdom, who by virtue of their employments or offices, arc permitted to lend and receive letters and packets free of pollage, are subject and liable to by this net.

XVII. Ami whereas frauds may be practised in fending covers, letters, and packets by port, directed to members of parliament, and other persons privileged by this act to receive letters and packets free of the duty of portage, containing letters and packets intended for others, ami not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters and packets arc so directed, whereby the person* for whom such letters and packets arc really intended, m.ty receive such covers, letters, and packets, free from the duty of portage, to the injury of the revenue; for remedy whereof, be it ena.\cd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said psl-master-general, and all persons afling under this act, to charge the whole of inch covers, letters, and packets, with treble the duty of postage, according to the rans elt.ibliihcd by this act, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The. thirty-eighth Year of George III.

X7III. FroviibJ always, T!;it if it Hull appear by the certificate of such member, that fitch cover, lett.T or packet, so eharivd, w i: aftffiillv intjndod far such irember, or for loins of his i'.i:y.i!yv:md not covering a com A ondemv to any person Cj not rclidtn: in his lunik*, that then uml in every fuels tv.k. the portage f*» charged k-and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, fl,.:b h: rctunic.! to fu.h mcoi-bsr.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further cnafie.l, That ivMkin ~ heu-ir. t nkined,

shall extern! to-charge with the duty of polbge ary printed vote* or imvjedings in parliament, or printed sy vrfpapers, being sent by the port without cover:, or in covers open at the Tides, which shall be signed on the oatiYi-: thereof, by any member of parliament in this kingdom, or which1 fiiail K* dirtied to any such ir.etnhcr, at cny place within this kingdom, whereof he shall nave given notice in writing to the post-master-general cf Ireland, or which shall be font by c<n.;i:i officers in the office of his Majesty's port-maller-general, who fiiaii he (hcinniio licenstd ! y (he f;:id jwfi-mrsler-general respectivcfy, provided futh newsp..pus l!.:d! be so foUed, as that the Ramp thereon Hull be visible, but that all fuel: who, proceedings »n pnli.uoent, and printed newspapers lb sent ana signed as aforesaid, shall be received f;i; of the duty o! polUgJ.

XX. Provided nc/crthclcls, That no such printed newspaper ffird! pa fa free cf portage from the general port-office, pursuant to any fuels notice, or from any other port-office in this kingdom, unless such newspaper shall be put into such poll-offices of the cities or towns in which such tiewfpapers shall he printed rc-fpcclively, two hours at the Icaft before the time of the pert: being dispatched therefrom.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient, that the noti-commissioned officers, Teamen, and privates emplos’ec! in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fe.ncitle regiments, ar* tillcry and marines should, wliilft on fen-ice, be permitted to send and receive linjle letters by the poll on their own private concerns, at a low rate cf portage; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no single letter sent by the port from any non-commifiir.ncd officer, Teaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, (hull, wliilft such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private respectively, shall be employed on his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, with mi higher rate of portage than the sum of one penny for the conveyance of every such letter, such rate of portage of one penny for every such letter to be paid at the time of putting the fame into the port-office of the town or place from whence such letter is intended to be sent by the port.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That no letter or letters sent by the port from any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, rtiall be exempted from the payment of the rate of portage chargeable upon letters according to the -laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand-writing of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship Or vessel, or of the corps, regiment, or detachment to which each non-commissioned officer, Teaman, or private employed in his Majesty's service, rtiall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ffiip, vessel, corps, regiment or detachment commanded by him.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no single letter sent by the port from any r.on-commissi-cncd officer, seaman, or private employed in his Majesty's u.-vy. army, militia,

VOL. XVIII.' oD fencible

j jj-g The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A. P. feucibic regiments, artillery, or marines, from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, j ?qR. flmU whiift such non-commilfianed officer, seaman, or private respectively, shall be ;Chap. I j. employed in his Majesty's fen-ice, and not otherwise be charged or chargeable with any rate of pottage whatsoever, in case a duty of pottage of one penny shall have been paid thereon in Great Britain, provided that no letter or letters sent by the poll from any such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, shall be exempted from the rate of pottage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand-writing of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship or vessel, or of the corps, regiment, or detachment, to which each non-commissioned officer, teaman, or private employed in his Majesty's service, shall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment, commanded by him.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no Angle letter sent by the post, directed to any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, upon his own private concerns only, whiltt such respective non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of pottage t'han the sum of one penny for each such letter, which sum of one penny shall be paid at the time of the delivery thereof.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That no such letter shall be exempted from the rate of pottage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in force, unless every such letter shall be directed to such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's service, specifying the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment, to which he may belong; and provided also, that it Hall not be lawful for the deputy post-master of the town or place to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person, except to the non-commissioncJ officer, seaman, or private, to whom such letter shall he directed, or to any person employed to receive the same, by the commanding officer of the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment, to which the non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, to whom such letter shall be directed, shall Jiclong.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty's post-master-gencraf of this kingdom, or any of the-officers employed under him, to examine and search any packet sent within a cover, or in a covct open at the fides, in order to discover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be en-.closed or concealed in or with such printed votes, proceedings, or printed newspapers; and in order to discover whether such printed newspapers shall have been duly damped; and in case any letter or paper, or thing whatsoever, shall be found to be cn-closed, written, or concealed in, on, or with such printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers, as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any writing other than the superscription of such printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers, or any of them, or on, or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packet shall be charged with treble the duty of poftsge by this act imposed; and in case any such newspaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such officer is hereby required to flop the fame, and fend it to the commissioners of the stamp- duties, at their office in the city of Dublin.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whoseever, within this kingdom, shall forge or counterfeit the teal or hand-writing, or- make use of 2 the

'The thirty-eighth Year b/-" George III.

the name or any person whomsoever in the superscription of any letter or packet to be lent by the port, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of portage, or fiwll forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, cr altered, the dale, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packet, or shall write, or cause to be written, or lent by the port any letter or packet, the superscription, or any part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited, or altered, in order to amid the payment of the duty of portage, -knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered } or if any person or persons within this kingdom, shall forge, or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of cither house of the parliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of the duty of portage, in order to have the portage charged upon any cover, letter, or packet refunded; every person so offending, being thereof duly convictctf, shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for the second offence the funi of one hundred pounds, and for the third offeree shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be trans* ported for seven years; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty1 s post-master-genend of this kingdom, and his deputies, and all persons acting under this a;rt, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part whereof, shall appear to be forged «or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duty of portage payable by virtue of this act j which duty shall be levied and paid, unless the member of either house cf parliament, or other privileged person v/hofe superscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand to the post-master-general, or lus deputies, that such superscription, and every part thereof, is of his hand-writing.

XXVIII. And be it ena&cil, That if any colle&oT or receiver, ferryman, or other person whatsoever, appointed, or entrusted or employed to take or receive the toils or rates at any turnpike-gate or bar ere&etl upon any highways, bridges, or post-roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the care of any gate of any walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, -shall demand and take any toll or rate for the coachman, port-boy, express-boy, or rider, guard, servant, or other person, horses or carriages conveying -or employed to carry any mail or bag of letters in this kingdom, parting through, over, or across the fame, or shall not permit and fufler the horses and carriages, together with the coachman, pofl boy, express-boy, or rider, guards, servants, and other persons so employed, to pass through such toll-gates, bars, or gates, and across such ferries without delay; or if any ferryman shall not within the space of fifteen minutes after demand made, in all possible cases, convey the coachman, port-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, and other persons, together with the horses and carriages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry, to the ufusl landing-place; or if any person having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of an hour after demand made aloud at such gate, open the fame, and admit the coachman, post-boy, express boy, rider, guard, servant, or other persons, together with the horses and horse-carriages employed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convict-cd thereof, by the oath of such coachman, post-boy, exprest-bny, or rider, or other credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace within the district wherein such offence shall be committed, which oath every j.rtihc is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall for every such offt-tuc frifeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid to the Informer; and if the fame itniV not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for cmt; such justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the house of cr-in \ 'ion, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, cr for any time not exceeding jD ] die

75* A.D. 179S. Chap^.

752 A.D. 1798.

7 he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

the /pace of twenty-one clays, nor lefis than fourteen days from the time of commitment, unless futli penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the post-master-generid fba‘1 cause an account to be kept of all tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages, carrying or travelling with his Majesty's mails at the several and respective turnpike-g.;tcs through which the fame shall pass, and shall from time to time cause the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turn-pike roads to whom the fame arc rc-spettively payable, by four quarterly payment^, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provifecs, powers, privileges, disabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of - the fame matters and things contained in an act made in the twenty-third and

twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the fuitl general poll-office, and the said office called the penny-pofl-ofliec, entitled, an act for efabtifting a pefffee within this kingdom 5 and also contained in an act made in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, on act to explain and amend an act passed in the iiventy-third and Uvuiiy fourth years of his Majestfs reign, entHlod, an act for efablifjwg a fop-office within this kingdom > and also contained in an act made in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act to further explain and amend an act yajfed in the twenty-third and twentyfourth years of hisfreftnt Majestys rcignx entitled, an act for ef.ahlifhhtg a pof-cjfcc within this kingdom j and to explain and amend an act p.ifled in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, an act to explain and amend an eel passed in the twenty-third at-d twenty fourth years of his present Ma-fcflfs reign, entitled, an act for ejlabl'fh'wg a poj?-office within this kingdom j ami net herein, or.by any other.act passed itidlns kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the -fame had been particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this present act.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for establishing Regulations respect'ing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom who have served, or are serving in Foreign Armies-, and for continuing another Act passed in the Tlurty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making, removing, felling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition without License.

Recital aliens ail, }} Geo. 3.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An aid for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom.

The thirij~e:ghlb Year of George III. 753

ihm, or rtf dent therein, in certain cases, andfdjsAs of this liigdO-j who have firved, or arc fiving in foreign armies-, also ?.n-other ail pafieJ in the thiriy-sixth year of his Majdlv’s reign, .,i0 entitled, dll off to prevent the importation of arms, qiwpeevder mid 1;.... j’.' ammunition into this Kingdom, and mailing, removing, filing and keeping if gunpowder, arms and ammunition with', til licetf\ licit enacted by the King’s most excellent Majdlv, by and with the advice ami content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and hv the authority I1'1'.'-1'

c-'«Uiitu. d t.i

of the fame, That the said several acts shall be, and continue to i j., i7J), be of force from the passing of tilts aft, until the hr ft day of J;t-nuiry, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and nittety-nine, and front thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

C1IAP. XVII.

An Act to enable His Majesj to receive Voluntary Contributions of his Subjects, for the Defence of this Kingdom.

WH ERE AS several pufons have voluntarily offered to pay certain sunn of money in aid of the supptics granted this year for the defence of this kingdom , and whereas it is expedient that the officers of his Majesty's treasury should be authorized to receive Turns which may be so paid, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine > be it cnatted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the teller of the exchequer, or his deputy, to open boohs in which an account shall be kept of all Turns which shall be voluntarily paid into the treasury, which sums he is hereby authorized to receive; and that it shall and may be lawful for the commUGoners of his Majesty's treasury to ifiuc such sums, to such purpose as may from time to time be directed by his excellency the lord lieuten nt, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom; and that a foparate and distinct account be kept of such issue, and that such sums shall be so applied foT the puTpose of more cfie&ually defending this country, and to no other purpose whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, Tint all persons who shall, before the first day of July next, subscribe a sum not Ids than one hundred pounds, and shall produce a receipt for the fame, shall be dischnrged from the payment of any sum imposed by any act passed, or to be passed this fefhon of parliament, JD TCfpCft of the duties payable on fire hearths, carnages, or male fijrvants.

9e

Vor. xviii.

CHAP.

754 The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned., to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, in Parliament assembled, bring desirous to rails such aids ami supplies, as may be fuflicisnt to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government* do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates arid duties herein after 'mentioned, and do bsfcech your Majesty; that it may be enacted, arid berit enabled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven bundled ami ninety-righi, until the twenty-fifthday of March* one thous.uu! seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, there Hull be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, colk&ed, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs mid successors, the several and respective rfttes, inpositions,<lu-tics, charges, and Aims of money following; that is to say, for and upon the several matters and things expressed in the schedules hereunto annexed, marked A, ami B, the several respective rates, impofmons, duties, charges, ami sums of money in the said schcdales mentioned, for and upon >the several matters and things expressed in the said schedules;. and for every ad>;crtisement to be contained or pub-lifhedin any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly, or.oftcper, or in any oilier printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly,monthly, or at;any other interval or time within the time aforesaid, or in*any hand-bjll containing more than oueadyertifoment, -printed or dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one shilling; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate o( one ihifling forever/ ten lines which every fuchadver-tisement shall contain over und above the first ten lines.*, no such line to exceed in length twenty m’s of thedetter called long primer,' or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and for and upon every pnsqphlet or paper, not exceeding’fixfheets in octavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve fliects in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio, so printed, a duty nft£r the rate of two shillings for every (licet.of any kind ofipaper which shall be contained in 'oiiu primed copy, or ImprelTion thereof; am! for and upon all insurances for iitfuring -houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, ot other property-from lofsby fire, which shall be'made at any time between the twenty-fifth dayiof'March, one thousand seven hundtcthaild ninety-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March,-qnc thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclu(ive,u duty after the rate of one shilling for every hundred pounds-in-sured thereby; and far and upon all mfurances upon any life or lives, or for inT Turing goods, wares, or merchandises, from the danger of the fcas, or other perils at fca, which shall be made at any time during the time aforesaid, aduybepaid after the rate of one shilling and six pence, for every onc’humJred pounds insured thereby.

2

Tbs thirty-eighb Year of George III.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such :i.lverti!e;ncn: Dull be print* cd in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then and in that caf , jhens /lull ba pud for every such advenifcm;iu, treble the duties heroin before mentioned.

III. And b: itenafod, That every deed, note, or memorandum,

letter, muniment, cr writing, for or relating to the payment of any Ann of mo* ney, or for making any valuable conOderaiion for or on thclofs of any shipor vcilVi, goods, monies or cfc-fto, or upon any lots by fire, or for any K*fs whatever, or for, or upon any life or lives, shall be confined, deemed, a ;d adjudged to be policies of insurance, within the meaning of this act.

IV. And be it enaclid, Thai every deed, instrument, note, memaran.litm, letter, or ocher muniment, or writing, between the captain, mailer, or owner of any ship onvffd, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in rdpect of the freight, or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandizes, or effects laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship or veil’d, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party within the meaning.of this act.

V. And for correcting abuses committed by arresting perfot?3 without any writ or legal processtojufti/y the fame, by means whereof the payment of the duty hereby given to the crown upon such process may be evaded: be it CHi£tod, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, every officer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong to the court of king’s bench, court of common pleas, or court of exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrest any ptffou or persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof, set down upon such writ or prowfs, the day and year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, or in the book wherein the abstract of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every oirence or negfcft of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; such forfeiture to be recovered by civil-bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successor?, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, Tint all books and pamphlets, fenring chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directory, by whatever n ime or names entitled or deferred, are and/hull be charged with the duty imposed by this all on almanack, and directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That tills act, or any thing herein contained shall not extend to charge any accounts, bill of parcels, or bills of fees.

VlU.-Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administration of any common Teaman orfoldicr who shall be /lain or die in his Majesty's service,* certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding ollicer of the tWOp. or Company under whom such-seaman or soldier served at the time of his death; of the truth whereof an oath (or if 'by a qujker a solemn affirmation] shall be made before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or adminiflrntion ought to be granted; which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and requiredtondminifler, without fee or reward.

IX. Provided also, That non^ of the rates, duties, or sums.of moneyimposed byithisaft, (halhbexiifed, levied, -or paid, or be payable unto your Majesty, by virtue of this act»<by any person or persons who.ilwJl be admitted to sue or defend \n forma,pauperis, fofaras-relates Oto the suit in which hej -she, or they shall be admitted torfueor.defend. '

w '*>:E-2 X.Provided

755 A 1> 179s-Chap. 18*

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

X. Provided also, That this act, or any clause herein contained, shall not be con. {trued to charge with any duty, any warrant made by, or recognizance taken before any just ice or justices of the peace, cr any proceedings of any court martial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrants, recognizances and proceedings shall be and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties imposed by this act.

XI. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid, any act of parliament, proclamations, orders of council, forms of prayer and thanksgiving, or any acts of (late which shall be ordered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed; or printed votes or othei matters which arc or shall be ordered to be printed by either house of parliament} any books commonly used in any of the schools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any ndvertisement pubHflied by the truf-tecs of hospitals relative to the business of such hospitals j or any single advertisement printed by iifelf, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts, or bills of goods imported or exported; so as such daily accounts, or such bills of goods imported and exported, do contain no other matter than accounts of goods imported into, and expctU.il from th s kingdom, and the particulars relating to such exports and imports, so as the fame be punted and publHhcd by such officer or officers as shall be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it etnebd, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, printed or published by any other per foil cr persons, except such officer or officers authorized as aforesaid, whether primed or published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other tim; or times, or published as accounts, or abstrufts of accounts, or in any other manner whatsoever, shall be, and are hereby deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, ami subject to the duties hereby impoftd, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day's accounts of imports or exports contained therein \ that is to say, the sum of one penny, for every day’s account or abstract of every day’s account of imports or exports, which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided also, Tint nothing herein contained Hull extend, or be construed to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any Ramp or duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it ciufted, Thu the said commissioners finll cause to be kept a distinct account of the money arising from the respective duties of ten pounds, in the said schedule mentioned,on the admission of any fludeiit, and on the admission of any barrister into the inns of court, and the further duty of seven pounds in the said schedule mentioned upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorneys and that-the receiver general of the duties hereby granted, shall pay the same at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequers and the commissioneTS of his Majesty's treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, {lull cause the same to be paid to the treasurer of the said society, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by said society.

XV. And be it enacted, That the commissioners or officers for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall keep their bead office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin, and the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and seals, to appoint such inferior officers, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, for the marking

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 75 7

ins Or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and for the bitter collecting or le- A.D. vying of the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as t 798* they at their discretion shall think proper. Chap. 18«

XVI. And be it enacted, That all types, marks and (lamps heretofore used by the said commissioners, or by any officer or officers acting under their authority,

Tot marking the said duties, and all impressions made therewith on any deeds, re* cords, or writings vhatsoever, shall be, and the fame and every of them are, and is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes J and that ill all actions, suits, indictments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in this act, or for or touching any act or acts heretofore done, or hereafter to be done by the said commissioners and officers, or any of them, in virtue and under colour of their respective offices, it shall be deemed and taken that the said commissioners and officers have bjen duly appointed to their offices respectively, without producing their patent, appointment or commission, and without giving evidence that they have performed the several requires preferred by law to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the several commissioners and officers heretofore appointed for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, and nowactually holding and exercising such offices respectively, as also such other commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, dial), during the continuance of this act, for the more effectually levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to act in the several offices to which they have been, or (ha! be so appointed, or which they nowactually hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame restrictions and limitations as are mentioned in former acts of parliament granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, save as herein is otherwise directed, unless such commissioners or inferior officers shall befooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, or unless such inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the said commissioners, with the coufent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and (lamps already kept or used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the several and respective duties gTamed by the said acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office, for denoting and markingon vellum, parchment and paper, the fevetal and respective duties heicby granted, shall be the only true and lawful types, marks, and {lamps, for the stamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment and paper, on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged, have been or shall be engrossed or written \ and that from time to timet as often as such types, marks, or llamps, or any of them, shall be. worn out or otherwisebecome u:»femct*able, the said commissioners may cause the same to be repaired and rendered fit for use, or cause renewals thereof, or similar types, marks, and (lamps to be made and used, if they shall think proper so to do; and that where such types, marks, or (lamps, shall not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this act, two or more of such types, marks, or (lamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the duties chargeable by this act, may be used for marking and impelling vellum, parchment, ami pap-‘r, with such duties*, or the said commissioners may cause to be provided new types, marks, or (lamps, for denoting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, anil to (lamp and mark vellum, parchment, and paper chargeable with such duties, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the d;vices or marks used, or to be used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the said duties, or any cf

Vol. XVIII.9F then,

75’8 The thirty-eighth Year o/’ George III.

A.D. ‘them, may be changed, varied, or altered from time to time, as your Majesty, your: 1*798. heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief gover-. Chap. 18. nors of tins kingdom, for the time being, shall think fit: provided that whensoever such devices or marks shall be changed, varied, or altered, then and in every such . case, publick notice of every such change, variation, or alteration, shall be given by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other publick newspaper, a cou-. venient time before the types, marks, or (lamps, on winch such new devices, or nurki . shall be made, be used.

XX. *And be it enacted, That all courts of justice, and judges shall,-without allegation or proof on that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and: (lamps kept , or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps, for the purpose herein mentioned.

XXL'And be it enacted, That the commissioners heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by your Majesty,- your heirs andiucceflors, or-by the lonl lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time being as aforesaid, or the major part of such commissioners, shall and may from time to time, as they shall see occasion, appoint one or more fit person or persons -.to attend-in any court or courts, office or offices,.which person or persons shall have . full powe? and authority to inspect 3nd examine the vellum, parchment.and paper,

upon, which any of the mnttcis or things aforesaid have been or shall be engrossed - or written, or put, and also the marks or stamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to securcto yourM ijesty,your heirs and successors, the duties anting by this act or by any former act, whereby any duties were granted to your Majesty,

upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the request of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, shall make such.orders in their respective courts, and do such other matters not! tilings for the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in, that behalf; and that every commission?r and other officer before he proceeds to the execution of his office under -such appointment, shall take and subscribe the oath prescribed by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto your Majesty, -your heirs and ftcc/fors, fevera/ duties upon Jiamped vel/unh parchment, and paper> to be administered as in the said act is mentioned: provided that nothing in this act contained, shall affect, or he construed to affect, an act paded in this kingdomtin the twenty-first and twenty-second years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the qualifications of persons appointed to offices in this . lingdotn, wherein two or more grantees aft. under one grants commifion, or appointment but that the said act, and every part thereof, shall remain in full force.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners and other officers hereto-. fore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed,

or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall, from time . to time, for the better execution of their several offices and trusts, observe such rules, methods, and ordtrs as-they respectively have received, or shall receive, from time to time, from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or go* vernorsof'this kingdom, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and that the said coniniissioners shall take special care that the fevera) parts of this kingdom, from . time to time, be sufficiently furnished with velluip, parchment, and paper, {lamped or marked as aforesaid, so that your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the ufua! rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped as aforesaid, or to futnish themfeircs from others who shall have done the same.

XXIII. He

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 759

Kill. lie it further enacted, That after the paflingl of this a£, a II fit- A.D. torr.ies, fuHcltors, or other persons shall make their several charges upon their clients or employers, for engrossing bills, answers, and other pleadings in equi- Chap. 18, ty, at or after the known and usual rates for every skin, according to the num-oer of skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any attorney, solicitor, or other partem, shall, for writing or engrossing one skin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one itch, m iking his charge by the fiiset, or in any other manner than by the skin, under pretence of hiving inserted in such one skin of parchment a greater number of sheets than twenty, or under any other pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client; and further, that every attorney; solicitor, or other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of ten pounds, and :for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any bill of coil in any cause in your Majesty's courts of chancery or exchequer, in which there shall be any charge or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchmentany'bills, answers, or other pleadings tn the said courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, and filed in either of the said courts, shall be taxed, the officer who shall respeiSUvely trx such bills of costs, shall tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills and answers, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the skin, according to the number of skins a finally contained in such "pleadings, and not according to the number of sheets or words contained in such skin, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and such officer, if the bill of costs to

’be taxed be in a cause in the-court of chancery, shall flgnify a? the foot of such bill of cost, that the number of skins contained in the pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the keeper of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his deputy; and if such bill of cost be in a cause in the court of exchequer, the officer who shall tax the fame, shall signify at the foot of such bill that he hath inspected the engroflment of the pleadings mentioned hi*such bill of costs; and in case such officers respectively, who shall tax such bills of costs as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such certificate as aforesaid, or to inspect the engroflinent of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of cost, or shall neglect or refute to tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills, answers, or other pleadings in manner herein directed, every such officer so neglecting or refilling respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such r.eglect or refusal, the sum of ten pounds: And in case the keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his or their deputy, shall neglect or refute to inspect am! certify the number of skins contained In such pleadings, as aforesaid, to the proper officer of such court, upon being applied to by him for the purposes aforesaid, such keeper or keepers, or his or their deputy, shall for every such neglect or refiifal, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds; which said several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion, by order of the said courts of chancery and exchequer, upon complaint nude to them reflectively, against any officer who shall be guilty of any such neglect or refusal, and Hull enure to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this n£t contained shall extend, or be constiued to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bil!,answer, or other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity -or number of sheets to bt contained in two sains reckoning the quantity in every skin, according to the number of sheets above specifled.

C. 1' 2

760 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A* D. XXVI, Ami be 1‘enacted, That every copy of every affidavit which shall be 1798. read in any court whcUibever, (halt he engrossed or written in such manner, as Chap. 18. that the quantity of writing contained in any onefheet or piece of paper, shall not —«——be deemed more than one sheet, according to the manner in which the officers of; the courts, in which such affidavit shall be respectively hied, charge by the iheet for such affidavit; and if any officer of any court shall charge for the quantity of writing contained in any one fhect or piece of paper, on which any copy of such affidavit shall be written, more than the fees to which he shall be entitled for one {licet, according to the course of the court in which such affidavit shall be filed, Ji- shall for every such charge so made c: demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble cotis of suit to any person or persons who shall sue for the . {ime, in any court of Tccord, by action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflmgn, protection, or wagtr of law lino'! be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

XXVII. And to prevent frauds wh'ch might be committed by writing such copies upon both suits of any fluct ujr piece of paper, be it enacted, That where more titan one side or page of any sheet of paper shall be damped or marked with the duty by this act charged on paner on which such copy of an affidavit shall be written, each side or page so marked or stamped, shall be deemed a separate fhcet or piece of paper, within the intent or meaning of this act.

XXVtII. And be it enift *d, Tint ail records, writs, pleadings, or other proceedings in the courts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they have been ufuailv nccuffomed lo be written, or are now written, favc. as herein otherwise mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted, Thu all writings, matters and things, in Ttfpeft whereof any of the said duties Hull be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, fliill be written in such manner, that some part thereof shall be written on the or m irks which Hull in purfumce of this act be pV-.ced cn

the vellum, parchment, or paper, and such writing shall from thence be so continued in the ut jal form of writing, or engrossing deeds or writings, so that no blank fpjee shall be left, whereby such stamps might be made applicable to any other deed or instrument whatsoever, upon pain that the person who shall write or engross, or c.mfe to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter or thing, contrary to the true meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of yout Majesty, your hens and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who {lull inform and sue for the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby tn-. tended to be charged with the several dudes aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head-office aforesaid, to be stamped or marked; and the said com-

t missioners and officers are her -.by required, upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the same, forthwith without any fi*e or reward, to (lamp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers as fluff be appointed in that behalf, the re-. speclive duties hereby granted ami directed to be paid for the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arrested, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety*-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nixie, inclufivj, by virtue of any writ or probe's of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common perfor, and the Ihcriff or other officer shall take bail from such peTfon against whom such writ or piocefs shall

iffur

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

issue, the sheriff or other officer, at the request and cost of the plaintiff hi such a cl ion or suit, or of his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the fame, and attefUng it under his hand and seal,tn the presence of two or more credible witnessea, which may be done without any (lamp, provided, the alignment so endorsed, bc duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon; and also, that for and during the time aforesaid, when and so often as it shall become necessary for any sheriff, or other officer having authority to^grant replevins, to assign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin,-to the avowant ordefendant in such action, such alignment may be made without any (lamp; provided the assignment so made,-be duly stamped before any a&ton-be brought thereupon.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner, or other officer appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark or sump to any vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to the head-office aforesaid, to be tlamped-or marked, before the fereral and respective>duties thereupon charged by this act, shall be duly answered, or be secured to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, he shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person orperfcns’have or hath engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or-written, at any time (incc the commencement of the said-acts,- or any of them, or shall at anytime hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum,.parchment, of paper was chargeable by the said nfts or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or; paper, hath been, orfhull be marked, or'stamped as aforesaid, or'hath, or have engrossed or v/ritten, or cause to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or

'written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that hath

or have not been (lamped-with any duty, or'that have been, or shall be stamped

or marked for any lower duty than the duty by the said acts, or this act, payable for what-hath been, or shall be so engrossed or written, then, and in every such case, there shallhe-paid to -your Majesty, your heirs and successors, over ami above such duty- as aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the ’ sum of ten pounds.; provided the fame shall-be brought to be stamped within the space of five years from the execution of such deed, instrument, or writing; or rif at any time after the expiration of such term of five years, then the sum of twenty pounds; and no such deed, Tecord, instrument, or writing, shall on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given, or received in evidence in any court or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, or - twenty pounds, as the case shall be, shall be firftpaid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt'produced for the fame, under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be marked or damped with a lawful mark or (lampt; and the proper officer Or officers are hereby required upon payment, or tender of such duty, and sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as the case may be, unto him or them, to give a receipt -for the fame, and to mark and {lamp such-vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or (lamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing, respectively.

XXXIV.'Provided always, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to damp all mstruments executed out of this kingdom, upon payment of the duty payable thereon according to this act, without paying the said additional duty of *tcn pounds, pTOof being fitfl made to the satisfufttou of the said commissioners, Vol. XVUL o G ot

fix A.D.

/79S. Chap. j8.

-ytja ‘Fhe. thirty-eighth Year of George III.

or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of tt'i: kingdom, provided the same shall be brought to be {lamped, within the space of two . years from the execution thereof, respectively.

‘XXXV. ’ Provided always, and be it ena£led, That nothing herein contained {h.di extend, or be. eoiiflrued to extend to judgments upon ptfleasy iiujuuuions, writs of fare fu'utS) or to judgments upon nil then, or agmvit aPiom-m \ provided tint the fame be ftapiped with the proper stamp within one month ii'U after the fme shall have been signed, and that no discount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That any officer or officers who shall neglect or omit to bring such judgment or judgments to be stamped within one month.,; hereby directed, shall for every such neglect or oiniftiou, forfeit and pay the sum: ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, or by action, ia any co.tu'i of riw.d in

tins kingdom*

' XX

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall engroii, or writ,-, orcaufc to beengraftedor written, upon any vcilum, parchment, or paper, any of tit: . matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, is heicby cintr^-. ed to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or p ipe;, lii.t.i bs marksd-or damped as aforesaid, or th ill eugrofs or write, or iv.use to be engsv.- fed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that iW; be marked or Ramped for any lower duty than the duty by this act payable for wi:a. shall be so engroiTcd or.written, such persons fooft’emiing, shall forfeit lor every fad. . offence the.sum of five pounds, 10 be recovered by civil bill; one moiety thereof to your Majesty, youi heirs and-.facccTovs, and the other moiety to him, her, c. them, who shall inform and fuc for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, '('hat in case any cleric, officer, or person, who ia respect or any publick office, or employment, is or shall be authorized or ciuruK* ed to nukt,engross, or write any records, deeds, instruments, or writings, by thi» i:£k charged to pny.a ditty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any practice, to

defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, cf any duty by this act payable, by making, nigrossing, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or wrung, or . bycaufwg the same to be made, and engrailed, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or Ramped according to this act, or upon vellum, parchment, or-p.tper, marked or Ramped with any mark or Ramp which he shall know to be counterfeited,-or by wilfully cngrafting or writing any such deed, instrument, or other willing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be stamped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable by this act upon the lame, then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any such frauds or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or 'employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and if any attorney belonging to any court, shall be wilfully guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to pru&ife as an attorney.

XXXIX. And to prevent committing frauds on your Majesty, in respect of the duty payable on the ad million of attornies into courts; be it enacted, That no attorney shall practise either in his -own name, or in the name of any other attor-

ncy in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or in any -court of record whatsoever, in which attornies Are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which he shall have..actuiilly been admitted and sworn an attorney, on pain of the person so practising being rendered incapable of being ‘sworn an attorney in any court of law.; and every attorney who shall so praflife in any court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the costs of any proceedings carried on by him in any such court.

XL. Aval

'The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 763

AL. And be it enacted, That every person to be sworn or admitted an attorney A.D. :n any of his Majesty's courts of l.tw, or any court of record whatsoever, or a foil- iTQtt. citor of the court of chancery, fliul! picvious to such admission into> vycourt, pro- Clnp. 16. duce to the proper officer to whom he thnil apply to he admitted an attorney or folici- ' *-"f for as nforcfiid, a certificate fiyned under the hand or hands of Tone of your M.i-‘ jesty's officers appointed to receive the il.unp duties, Rating that fecit person has paid the duty by this act made payable on such admission; which certificate shall he lodged \rith such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody to be examined by the said commiilumers for managing the ll.unp da-’ties, or r.ny officer by them appointed, at any lime they fiuil tainh fit; and that from unit after the pnfling of this act, every person who shall be hound an apprentice ro an attorney, shall ;.!so obtain a written certificate from some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of Iii.; having paid the duty by this <\(\ made payable on such indentures of apprcmicoship; which ca iiuc.nc litali be lodged vdth ihe proper officer of the court in which such indentures are enrolled, or to which the master of such apprentice doth’belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and keep such certifie itc, so that the fame may and shall be produced, and read in open court on the admission of every attorney? ar»d produced to a matter of the court of chancery on the admission of a fulicitcr of that court, before he shall be admitted and sworn an attorney orsolicitorrespectively,

:.s aforesaid; and that no person Hull be capable of praftifitig as an attorney or loli. dtor respectively, or of recovering any bill of coils due to him as an attorney or solicitor, unless he llnll have paid the flump duties hereby imposed upon him when bound apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or folidtur at, or previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid *, and it id the meaning and intention of this act, that no person be admitted an attorney into any court, unless such rusrfon Hull have served his regular time or apprcmiceship of five.years to a prucbTing attorney of the said courts.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons flwll write, or engrofis, cr cause to be written or engrafted, either in the whole or part, any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been-before engrafted, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or Ramped according to this act i or Hull fraudulently crate or ferapj our, or enufe to be crjfod or feraped out, the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or thing engrafted, written, or printed in such iiiRrumcnr, writing, matter, ot thing, as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take o/T any mark or Ramp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to ulc such stamp or mark for any other writing, nutter, or thing, in r.fpcft whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then and in every fitch case, every such person lo offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the Turn of fifty pounds; and the said piece of vellum, parchment, or paper so taken off, and on which any deed, instrument, or writing hath been, 01 fna!) be written or made, shall be deemed not to have been duly Hampel.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the said devices oi marks, or any of them shall be changed, varied, or alteveJ as herein before mentioned, it find! be lawful for all persons who fi.all have at the times reflectively of fudi alteration or change, in their custody or possessbn, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the imprdfion of the type, mark, or Ramp wh’<h fii.iil have been so changed, -varied, or altcied, upon which none of the matters or things hare-ty charged ftiallhave been engroffcJ or written, to bring or fend at any time whhhi

"'The thirty-eighth'Year of '. George III.

die space of fisty days nfter the publication of such adverdfement as aforesaid, such vellum, parchment, and paper, to the said commissioners, at the head-office in the

city of; Dublin', or to, such other officers-appointed as aforesaid (-and the said commissioners and officers tcspectively, are hereby required to deliver, orcaufetobe ’delivered unto the several personss who shall so bring and deliver any quantity' of vel-

lum, parchment, or paper, the" like, quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, so . damped as aforesaid,; and as good in-quality, -marked with die impression of such: new type, mark, or (lamp,.without demanding or taking, directly or-indirectly, for i the fame, any sum of money or,-Other-consideration whatsoever, under the penalty . of forfeiting for every such;ofltncethe sum-of one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect, or-omit within the-time aforesaid,- to bringor-causetobebrought and deGyered intp; the said commissioners or officers as aforesaid,- any such vellum, parchment, or paper,’, the fame is' hereby declared to be of no other effect- than if; such vellum, parchment, .-or paper had.neverd>een damped t and that all matters and r ’things which shall be engrossed ot;writteuthereon> after-such time-as- shall be.appointed by.such advertisement as aforesaid,'..for. making.iife -of such-changed or al-- tered types, marks or stamps, as aforesaid,'shall be. of, ho. Other effect than as if they; had oecn. engrolfed ror, written- on vellum, parchment,-dr-paper,-not- marked or: damped; ani\ al) persons who fnallcngrofs or write; any matter-.or tiling chargeable with any of the duties-aforesaid,.on such vellum,- parchment, :Or paper, after the said time, shall,incur andl.suffer.such penalty as is-herein beforetdirested to be in-flifted on persons writing and engtoffing on.vellum, parchment,;-os. paper, not mark-cd or.stamped.

"XLIlf; Provided always,'That tall vellum, parchment,-and- paper,-which-has been marked or damped,-.and- has paid the.duties granted-by anyaft-orafts.of parliament heretofore-made,' (half and-may hoofed for the purposes: thereby intended, without any additional stamp,imjrk, or-d.uty, except..in cases;where by tins act, or any other act or acts,'-.duties greater than those heretofore laid-on, -are-or have been iniposed, in all, which cases; it shall be, lawful -for the said comminioners, orally of them, if- they shall think proper, so to do,.-uponreque(t of-anypersonor persons, to order either that such.vellumv parchment, and paper.be (lampedrivith a -duty denoting a higher duty,’ the person-,or. persons- requeuing the .-fame,: paying the difference of price.between the said respective stamps;OT.;that-veilum;i parchment, or paper, marked with stamp.s denoting such duties-as'ihe.pdrfon.-or persons requclling the same shall delire, be given to futh person-ot persons in exchange for.-such vellum, parchment, and paper,..as; (lljll.be offered for exchange; provided that tliaamount ..of the duties, to be.marked.oit.such vellum, parchment, and paper;.so to bestamped, shall not exceed; the amount of the duties on the vellum; -parchment, and paper, so to bq offered for.exchange: Tray.ided.also,'t?rhat the; (lamps markedon such-vellum, parchment, and paper, ft) tQ.bc offered forexchangcy he cancelled.

XtIV. And. for die better diflnhution Of'ffie-said’.veKuify.parchment,-and paper, and that.your Majesty's subjects may have the fame-whh-.conveiiience, and at aneafy :iate: Bc. it enacted,. That the loxd.lieutenant,.or Otlier’chicf governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being," shall oncC.ih every year at lead,- -set the prices at which all forts of stamped vellum,parchment, and paper shall be fold; and the said commissioners for managing, the said duties upon Vellum, parchment, and paper, shall stamp the prices so.set upon every.lkin. or piece of vClIumtor-parchment, and on every piece and (beet of paper so by them to be'fold;. aml’the said commissioners'shall like-wife allow and pay,to every person wliolshall.bring vellum, parchment, ;or -paper, to the said head-office to be stamped in pursuance of this act, - the duties whereof shall

amount.to the sum of twenty.pounds, or upwards, save' vellum, parchment, and pa-

k-3 per,

fhs thirty-eighth 1?ear (/" George III.

per, vo be stamped with the duty of one hundred pounds in the f;»id I'lheuidc mentioned, after die rate of’ three pounds for every hundrej pound*, upon piompi p,:y. ment of the said duty, upon such vellum, paichmeM, or p;qn*r so by them I’wmjit.; and that. any person or persons who shall buy any parchment or paper at the head, oface for (lamping, the fume, the duty whereof shall amount to the like fmn of twenty pounds, or upwards, lave as aforesaid, shall have the fame allowance for prompt payment.

XhV. Provided always, That no person shall he entitled to such allowance of three per cent, f-ve printers and publishers of nev/spapers, and alnr.nack m:.l erf, as to the duties piyable on such pipers and almanacks, by virtu: of this :v:t, imitfs an affidavit shall be sworn before ouc of the said commuTtoners, and lodged. its tb.e fed office, tliattlicvelluni, parchment, and paper, upon which such allowance i > t-_ he made, is intended to be vcml.’d by retail, fair and without any writing thereon, and by the person making such affidavit, for his own sole use and benefit.

XLVI. Provided always, That the duty mentioned in the said schedule, shall not, b; charged on any draft or order for the payment of money on demand, payable to bearer, drawn upon any bank or person acting as a banker, within ten miles of the abode of the person drawing such draft; nor to charge with the said duty any bill of exchange) promissory or other note, draft, or order payable on demand, with uny higher duty than, three pence, where the funi shall not exceed teu pounds: Provided also, That no foreign bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, shall be charged with any higher duty than the duty contained in the schedule hereunto' annexed, and that ever)' duplicate and triplicate of such foreign bills shall be chargeable with the like duty.

NLVII. And be it enacted, That the duties by this a ft charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, drafts, or orders, shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act (kail charge any.receipt for any. money paid into the hank of Ireland, or the liottfe of any banker, or any. receipt or other discharge given for the purclufe of any Hock or fund, or stockin the bank of, Ireland, nor for any. money payable on the governme.it funds established by parliament;-or on any other flock as aforesaid, nor on any receipt given on the.back of any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory or other note, or on any bank note, or bank-poll-bill, or to any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or remittances, or any receipt endorsed on, or contained in the bodyof anydeod, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory instrumentby.ijiis act.direct-ut toibe stamped, or to any rdeafe or acquittance by deed, or to any receipt given by any agent, for. money on account of the pay- of the army or ordnance, or to -any, recciptgiven by anyioflieer or teaman, or soldier, or their representatives, for wages, or other monies.due-to them from the navy, army, or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer of the exchequer or revenue, for money received on account of any duty) tax; rent, or other sum paid Tor the use of JuV Majesty;

XI.IX. Provided- nsvcrthclcfs,. That the note., biilsj or receipts of bankers, other

than notes, bills, and receipts of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall not be exempt from the said duty, unless the'bankers issuing tKe fame, shall have previouslyregillered!theirnamcsVand' firm with the commissioners of-stamps, at the head-office- in- the; city of Dublin, and paid into the said' office1 the sum of one hundred pounds#-' , /

L. And' be- it further enacted, That all persons so;registering themselves as tankers,»forHhetpurpose of exempting their notes(and-receiptsifroni the payment of thosaid tax,-shall; toallintents’and purposes; beconsidercdas’ bankers, within the meaning- of the Tawe -npw>of- force withinnhis kingdom;

Vol. XVIII.9H

?(l-5 a. b.

n.'?97-C.i-.ap. i g.

766 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A* D.

II. And be it enacted, That the whole sum for which any receipt shall be giver,

179S. shall be really expressed in such receipt 5 and all persons who shall give or accept Chap. 18. any receipt in which a less sum shall be expressed than the sum actually received, with an intent to evade the duties, or shall divide the sum actually paid in divers receipts, or shall, by any general acknowledgment, or use of the word *« settled' or such like words, endeavour to evade the duties, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance, to defraud his Majesty of any of the duties on receipts, such person or persons so giving or accepting such receipt or general acknowledgment, or so receiving a less sum than shall be expressed in such receipt, shall forfeit twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, who Hull first fuc for the fame, and the other 10 your Majesty.

LII. And be it enacted, That all receipts expressed to be in full, or as a laris-fiction of all demands, ami all general acknowledgments of debts or demands , being discharged, or settled, and all bills or accounts, signed by any feller of

goods, or any person for him, or her, and delivered to the purchaser thereof, shall be deemed receipts for above twenty pounds, and shall be liable to the duty of four pence.

Till. And be it enacted, That the duty on receipts shall be paid by the person by whom the fame Hull be given, as well by landlords as by all other persons.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all unstamped receipts not amounting to two pounds, and which (lull, by the insertion of the words in full of all demands," or otherwif'.’, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, maybe given in evidence, and may be available in law for such sums so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgment of all the debts being discharged.

1 LV. And be it cu.ilted, That all receipts intpressed with a stamp of two-pence, in which any money amounting to two pounds, anl not amounting to twenty pounds, shall be expressed, and which flail, by insertion of the words " in lull of all demand?," or otluewife, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debt* being discharged, nay be given ia evidence, and may be available for such sum so expressed, hut not as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged

LVI. Provided always, That every person receiving money, who shall upon demand, refuse to give a receipt for the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, who shall first fuc for the fame, and the other moiety to your Majesty.

LVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this all shall charge any receipt given for drawbacks or bounties on the exportation of any goods trom this kingdom, or any other bounties payable purfu-mt to act of parliament, on any goods whatever, or on any certificates of every entry of any duties of customs, nor to any portage bills allowed to mailers of vefft.ls for making a true report of their cargoes at the custom-house, or promissory notes, for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings to be passed for tythes.

LVIII. And beitenalled, That every person who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, or any receipt, or other discharge given for the payment of money liable to any stamp duty charged by this all, without being first stumped, or on which there shall not be some (lamp resembling the fame, he shall for every such bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, order or receipt, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justlceof the peace near the-place-< where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this all, which subjects the offender or offenders to any penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; and such justice of the peace is upon any information or complaint hereby authorized and empowered to summon the

party

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

7^7

party so nccufed, and also the witnesses or either fide, and to cxvuric into the fact, and upon proof thereof, made cithrr by the cififcllnn of t'* person or persons committing such offence, or by the Oith of Ctly Of more witness or witnesses, to give jujgment for such pen lily, and to ilfur his warrant under his hand and fe.tl, far levying such penalty cf fire pounds on the go >ds of such offender, and to cause f.tlc to be made thereof, in calc they fl: til not he redeem* cd ivirhtn six days, and rendering to the party the overp’us, if any; and wh'f* goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such penalty, such ja'lice of the p-n- is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such otfeader or offendm to pri* so:t for the space of three months, unless such penalty lit all be sooner pud; an I if any person or persons finding himfe/f or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of such justice of the peace, then and in such case he or they, upon giting ftcuruy to the amount of the penalty, together with such cofti as shall he award* ed in case such juJgment shill be affirmed, may appeal to the justices at the not gencnlquarter fdfions, which dull happen after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and of which appeal notice in writing fhn'l be given to the prosecutor or prosecutors ten days previous to the first day of such quarter sessions; ami such justices flull fu-nmon and cx inline wit* nciies upon oath, and finally hear and determine the fame, and no tertbrari shall be granted to examine or remove such determination; and in case the judgment of such justice of the peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such colls occasioned by such aj -peal as to them Hull seem met t: And it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace where he fees cause. to mitigate such penalties, (colls of the officers and in* formers being always allowed above such mitigation) and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety above the said colts.

LX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice of the peace, and shall neglect or refine- to appear, (such witness or witnesses expences being first paid or tendered,) without a reasonable cxcufc to be tilJowed by such justice of the peace, or upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, or give evidence before such justice of the peace, then such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, the same to be levied in such manner as is herein last- directed, unless such person or persons so refilling to be examined upon oath, or to give evidence, shall make reasonable excuse for such refusal, the same to be allowed of by such justice of the peace before whom such trial shall be had.

LXI. And be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to be convicted before any justice of the peace for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint shall be made within twelve months from the time of committing such offence.

LXII, Am! be it enacted, That any shop-keeper, or ihop keepers, dealer, or dealers, or other person or persons, who shall for his, her, or their own sole use, parchafe at the head office in the city of Dublin, any quantity of paper, stamped for receipts, and shall at the time of purchasing such stamped paper, write or cause to be written or primed thereon, these words, " I, or we," (here inferring the name or names, or firm of the person or persons, for whose use, such paper shall be intended to be used,) " do hereby acknowledge, that I, or we," (as the case may be) have received, flull have an allowance thereon, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum, if the quantity so purchased at one time, shall amount to the value of five pounds, and not exceed fifteen pounds, and after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount to fifteen pounds, or upwards.

A.D.

1 7 <,8. Chap. 1 8

91! 2

768 The thiriy-elghih Year of George III.

A.D.

J-xin. And be it enacted, That no drdaration or plea, or demurrer, in

IjgS. any action or suit at law, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, nor any

Chap I 8 hill or answer, plea, or demurrer, in any court of equity, (lir.ll be received or ^ed, unless the attorney or so'.iciior tcnaering the same to be filed, shall, at the time be fiiull so tender the same to the officer of the court with whom the fame ought to be filed, deposit with such officer, the warrant impowerinj* him to pre-fccutcor defend such action or salt, which warrant such officer shall without fee or reward file and keep in his office and if any officer of any of such courts, shall receive any of such pleadings without such warrant being so depofired with him, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds to any person who shall (tie for the fame, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

LKIV. Provided alway ./Hut in case the party for whose benefit the said ft: it is prosecuted or defended, finail be outofUie kingdom, that the attorney or folk citor, so prosecuting or defending the fame, shall he received so to do, upon making an affidavit before the uid officer, which affidavit the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, that hU client is out of the kingdom, and that the delay wold: be injurious*, and upon pacing the duty payable on warrants of attorney, of whiclrthe said officer is iieivby directed to keep an account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper officer for receiving thcllamp duties impose.l by this act.

LXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to any proceeding to judgment by or any bond or bill, or to the entering

of satisfaction on any ju-.lgmeu. or acogni/.ar.ce.

I4XVI. And for better ecdlecling «r.J securing the duties hereby charged on

' pamphlets, be it enacted, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, which shall before or on the twenty-fifth day of Mirch, one thcufiuid fevon luuulred and ninety-nine, h: printed or -publidsed within the city of Dublin, Hull within (he spait? of after the priming thereof, U* brought to die ft id hfttrf-office

for marking 01 damping vellum, parchment or pip.r, and the title thereof with the number of fleets contained thvtein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall be regiiUred or entered in a book to be there kt-pt for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or Ids or their deputy or clerk, who Hull thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlets* and that one printed cony of every such pamphlet that shall be printed or publiflted in any place not being within the city of Jlublin, shall, within the (pace of fourteen days after the printing thereof, be brought to feme head distributor or collecter of the stamp duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of '(hects contained therein, and the duty thereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if any such pamphlet ffinli be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall nofbe duly paid within the respective times herein before, for the fever.il purposes hereby limited, then the printer, and pubfiffier, and all other persons concerned in and about the printing and publishing of such pamphlets, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and fuceefiors, ami the other moiety to the use of the person who shall inform and sue for the same, by nftion or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That no printer, or other person or persons, shall after the passing of this act, pubiiffi any newspaper, or any paper serving the 2 purpose

‘Ihe thirty-eighth ^ear rf George III. 7^9

plirpose of a newspaper, unless he, Hie, or th. ", together with the proprietor or A.D.

proprietors of such paper Hull within twenty-one days after pilling thereof, toge- i 7»j8.

ther with two sufficient sureties have entered into feairity by bond, in a turn not Q}1;1p j g,

i receding three hundred pound*, nor iefs than two hundred pound-', to your Ma- xr^J

jesty, your heirs and successors, conditioned for the payment of t!ie duty upon tidvertisement!) which shall be printed therein, upon pain that every peift n so oiil-ml-i:ttr forfeit the funr of two hundred pounds, one mniclv thereof to your Majvfly, jour heifo and successors, and the oilier to such person as shall infirm and sue for llv: fame, by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LXIX. And be it cnaflctl, That if any printer, publifuer, or proprietor of any such newsp.iper find] quit this kingdom, and continue absent there from for the fp ice of three months, or shall have or become, and be found a bankrupt, or fli.dl have become, and be found a lunatic, or nsn-iwnfcs metitis, or shall be ort-hwed for any crinu, or found guilty and receive judgment for printing or publishing any traitorous or seditiou*. iibcl, that then.anti in every such case, such printer or pun. tern, publishcr or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall, to all intents and purposes, be confulered as if he, she, or they had given due notice of having parted with and transferred his or her property in such nev/spaper or newspapers re-fpwclivoly.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to c'.tcud to prevent the allignces of such bankrupt, or the committee or committees of such lunatic or //;.; nin/>:s mentis, from printing and publiflung such newspaper, upon nuking the allidavit and entering into the recognizance by law required, that they arc the printers and publishers of such newspapers respective!v, in trull for nidi bankrupt, aa allignces of, and committees of lunatics, and :;v; amps r.fpcclively.

IXXi. And be it enacted, That all tr.atciirds and nter.FIs for printing, v.fed in, and kept ;»t, or belonging to any pri ting-house, in \.k:J: any newspaper, or at:y paper, serving the purpose of a uewfpaptr as :fcrcfa:d, hath been, or il.ali be piinted, into whose hands soever the fame flirll have come, or by whatever convey nice or title the same shall be claimed, shall he in the first place liable ami faSjccb to, and are hereby charged with all and ctery fuel', sum and sums of money ns have become clue, or Hull become due, for the duty, by this or any former act of parliament, charged on advertisements, which have been, or Hull be printed oi pubiitlietl in such newspapers, or other paper as aforesaul, and as shall be due for fines or penalties adjudged ag.iiufl the printer or printics, puhliflier or pubiifiiers, proprietor or proprietors of such newspaper, under and by virtue of this act, dining such time as such materials or utensils were, cr fl.nll he used in, or kept at, erdid or shall belong to such printing-house as aforesaid; ami it Hail and maybe lawful, in all cases, to levy such sum and sums of money upon such m.:!cri :1s and menfils, in like manner as if the primer or primers »*f such newsp.per, or other paper as aforefnul, were the proprietor or pr<’priorA':» of inch m. c..-.: :!s and uienfik at the time of levying the f..me.

J.XXII. And be it enacted, That no person {lull foil, or expose to salt, any fiudi pamphlet, or such newspaper, or any paper, serving the prp'C. of anewf-I'.’per, without the true name and fur-nune. or mums and and the

pia: c.r places of abode of tome known peilbn or o ifms b;. or u i whom the reaily and truly printed or published, ! ' t vi!:;en or piloted ihvre'n, vp i pain that every person a Vci^lingr heielii ail emut lor ..v:;y such ofence ve sum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof n the life of your M..j i:y, your heirs B.:d fueccfihr*, ami the other inuiJv to the i.fe of fm:-. pcn’oji ns fye for the Xoi. Will. p I fune

770 A.D.

Cli.ip.! S

The thirl -c'lg’th Year of George III.

f.im:. by acti;in or mniniution, ri any of your Majesty's courts of record, cr br civil bill in the court of p-oper juTifliclion.

LXXIII. And [)2 it e.ncU-d, TIi.it no officer appo'nted for difiribtiting vellum, parchment, or paper,’ in tiiij kingdom, flanll fell or deliver any stamped paper fer priming any public* newspiruT, intelligencer, or occurrence, to any p.rfun, unlcfa fnT pcifon shall g'vc Laulty, by bond ns aforesaid, for the payment of the dutia for the advr;:iil-m:’.t.;, which (1. dl be printed therein, or thereupon.

LKMV. And be it onaflod,. That in all eufci where any person or persons, v/ho i’;, or me. oi (!..:’>! bo er. llai to obtain from the said commissioners, orrheir of Ticers, P...rr.;>:d yacer for tT pinning of nnv lie spaper or other paper aforesaid, of which he. Hie or :ii:y is or ih.iil ee printer or printers, juibli. er or publishers, proprietor or pioprietor?, shall furnish or lypp’v niiy other person or persons u irl. any lb eh stamped pane-, cverv such printer, publill.cr, or proprietor, shall for every faJi offence forfeit a Sum of o'--- I.a , lied pounds .(bvling, to be recovered by action or information in any nf your Majesty's courts of record, in this kingdom or by Civil bill i:i the court of proper jurisdiction, by any person or persons who shall fuc for the fame; one moiety thereof to the life of yct-r Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the life of the person suing for the funic; and if any person or persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the printing of any nevfpapet, or other jv.ner, as aforesaid, which he, lire, or, they, Ilia! receive, or be furnished u!:)i, by any other person or persons than the said commissioners, or their ofiiccvs, or I'.iilributors, every such person shall, for every such dflence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and iceovered in.like manner as the said iaft mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

liXXV, And be it enacted, That the commissioners for managing the (lamp dutic;, or any of them, or such of their officers as shall be by them appointed inthut behalf, Hull and inuv cancel,cr cause to be cancelled* nil the (lumps on such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the fume shall be printed or pubiillieJ, and upon oat!--, cr, if a quuker, upon solemn affirmation, made before the said com-imflioners, or any of them, or such ollicer, to the satisfaction of Guclt commissioners, or any of them, or such officer as aforesaid, that all newspapers, alnis-uacks, and Dublin diteclories, containing the (lamps so tendered to be cancelled? are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons by or for whom the fame were printed or pabhlhed, and that none of such newlpupers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, have been fraudulently returned, or re-bought, after the same shall have been fold and disposed of, or any profit or advantage made thereof> which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any of them, and the said ofiicou respectively, are or is hereby authorized to administer, and also to examine upon oath or affirmation into all the circumstances relating to the felling or disposing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, shall or may deliver, or c.iufe to be d elivered, the like number of other'(heels, h.d;‘-fheels, or less pieces of paper properly stamped, with the fame respective (bmps, unon payment made for such paper, but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

LXXVI. Provided always, That where any almanack shall contain more tlim one piece of paper, it shall be sufficient to ibinp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack dull be printed, and 10 pay the duty accord-iligly.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any of them, or f.:;h of their officers as shall be by them appointed in tint behalf, shall or nuy cancel, or cause to be cancelled, any stamped vcliu.n, parchment, or paper, written or engro.Ted, which shall be inadvertently or undefigueuiy boiled, obliterated, or

by The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

by "any other means rendered unfit for t!ic pttrpose intended, and which shall not have been executed by any party or parties, and wliLII shall not have been i:!ed for any ether ournofe or in any other manner whntioevsr. nor any money

nloyeii to tran:a:r me autmess inteu.jeu to nave seen tamed into >-\ect:tion uy men writing or engrollhient, or to tile writer or engroifer thereof, i\-r the duty or duties jxi.^rl:;<i, sunned, or inprofled thereon, and upon oatit (or if a known quaktr, upon solemn ailirmation) made to the fat is fa ’tion of the said comniifiioiurs, or any of them, or of the said olKcer, which oath or afiimation the said tvir.niifih n-ers are, or any of them, ami the find officer is herein' authorized to acninilier, that fi:ch stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, fu enetoiful or wihun upon, or fpoilfd, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for tire purpose intended, h.tih not been executed or finned by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner wh.ufoewr; and that no money or other cor.-sideration hath been paid or given for the duty or duties mirked, (limped, or i:i> prefied thereupon, save and except the money first p.dd f»jr such duty or cults to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, or other pr>p-r officer vppoimtd to telle# and receive the same} and the said commidi.mers are hereby required to stamp or mark, or cause to be stamped or marked, for the several perfous who itull bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper so written or engfofied upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several ami respective duties stamped, marked, or impressed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written, or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking, diiccllv or indirectly, fur the fame, any sum of money, or ether cor.fidiration whatsoever; and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, fur the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make such rules a id orders for regulating the methods, ami limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as aforesaid, with resp-cl to newspquis, almanacks, and Dublin directories, and other matters, as they (lull, upon expet ie-«ce and consideralion of the several circumstances find neceflury or convenient for effectually securing the duties thereon, and doing judice to the perfoas concerned therein.

LXXV]If. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand ftven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, if any person or persons shall pri-it, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to sale any almanack, or calendar, or Dublin directory, or any tuwfp.iper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed or construed to be, or forcing the purpefe of any almanack, or Dublin directory, or newsp.iper, or daily account of goods imported and (xport.'d, {except as before excepted) within the intention and manning of this act, not being ci rked or stamped, as by this act is directed, Ocry such person shall, fi r cwiy almanack,-c.ltnclar, Dublin directory, neufp.iper, book, pamphlet, or paper fu printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered, or exposed to fide, sots it the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by any person who shall foe 'or tire fantc i> a summary way, before any julliee of the peace, who is heuby authorized to hear and determine the fame,.and upon due proof thereof upon oath, arid up-*n default of payment of the fml penalty, to commit the ofilndrr to piiion for one month, for every such default without bail or m:iijpij;:cj uluch p-nahv fh.».I be to the sole use and benefit of the person or potions who without fraud or

covin, firtl sue foi the same.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every printer or pt.hlifiicr of a nrv/spaper,f,r diiiv account of goods imported or exported (..x:cpt as before cscepted) primed

or

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A. 1\ or published in the* city of Dublin, or county of Dublin* during the contimnnceof this :cL, fli-iif, on every day of publication, or the day following, between the Cliilp I 5 hours nf twelve and two, on each day, c.iufe to be delivered to the register of

—_______ pamphlets, or to such other person u-. shall be appointed by the commissioners to

atl ;.s regi.ler in the ollics of such regiller or person, at the (lamp of TuC in the city of Dublin* one imprrllimi or copy of the newspaper so printed or published, with hi:, or her name written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or her own prop.r hami-writin:, in his or her accufto ned manner of signing the fame*, and every printer or puMifher of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any otiscr place in this kingdom, shall, on the day of the publication of fuel: new spaper, or it. the d.,y following, in like manner, between the hours of twelve and two, c a life to be delivered to the next distributor of (lamps in the county in which such ticwfpap-.r shall be printed or published, two im.pics-hons or copies of every such newspaper so printed or published, with his or her name written thereon, after the fune shall be -printed, by his or her proper hand, in his or her accudon-.cd manner of signing the fame, for which several copies or imprefiions so delivered, the respective printers or publidiers thereof, Hi all be paid the usual 3rd cuireut prices of such impreilionr, or copies; which said several copies or impressions f) delivered as nforcfiid, shall bo, and they are hereby declared to he evidence against tie f.vt'ial proprietors, publifivars, and printers of such

itewfpaper.!, respeaivjy, for any of'ence whatsoever in ail complaints, fuirs, actions, iudiclments, informations, and prosecutions, to be commenced and carried O.l, as well touching fat h newspaper respectivvlv, as every matter and thing therein contained, gild touching any other newspaper, and every matter and thing therein coulainsdj.v/hich shall hoof the fame title, purport, orefie-.*}, with Oic/i imprvf-(ioii or copy so delivered as a fore said, although the fame should vary in some in-llance'*, and the printers, p.ublUheis, and proprietor;. of the imprefiions or copies, so delivered asafm rf.n l, shall be deemed the printers, pubUfheis, and proprietors, vefp.n. lively, of all new fpjpers, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or ef« f:.cl, with such copies or imprefiions so ordered as aforesaid, urdefs such printers, or proprietors itfpc ^lively, Hull prove that such newspapers, respectively, were not printed or published by them, refnecUvely, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction *, and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of such newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of the goods imported and exported, (except as bef.ne excepted) who shall nglufi or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, fuca copy or impression signed as aforesaid, as herein before directed, shall for every such omission pay a pmultvof one hundred pounds *, and every printer, proprietor, or publilicr of any ut.fi. imped newspaper, ov daily account as aforesaid, Hull forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every paper so undamped, which he or live shall print or publish, or cause to b printed or published; such penalties vc-fnecUvely to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of his M.*j;fty’s courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill at the fefiinns of the county of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, cr at the affixes in the exu-.ty where the printer, proprietor, or publisher of such uulUmpcd newspaper or newspapers, or daily accounts, a-aforelVnl, shall refn!c resp.tl'vely, or finll print and publish futh newspapro, or daily accounts; one m-i-’ty thereof to the use of your Majesty, end the other moiety to the use of the pci fen filing for tliefime.

]>X.\X. And be it further enacted, Thant the primer, publ-fner, or proprietor of any newspaper, or paper fcr.ing the purpose of a newsptn.r, (lull, upon any in any complaint, suit, action, indictment, information, or prosecution, to be commenced or carried on, touching such uewfp >p. r, relute fr, a hint that the imprdlion or copy of the papal left at the damp odice in t! e city of Dublin, cr with

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 773

with the distributor of (lumps in the county in which fitch newspaper shall be A.D. printed or publUhed, was printed, or publHhcd by him, that then, and in fitch case, the copy or impression so left at the stamp office in the city of Dublin, or Chap. -18. with the distributor of (lamps in the county wherein such newspaper fhdl be printed, shall be considered as printed and publUhed by him, unless he shall prove that lie left or cause to be left at the time by this a ft required, a printed-copy or impression of the paper publUhed by him, with the officer or person with whom he is by this act directed to leave the fame with his name written thereon in his own hand-writing, in the manner directed by this act.

I,

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every printer, publisher, ot proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer or occurrences, or any paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligencer or occurrences, -whether for himself or in trull for any bankrupt or lunatick, shall, as often as the commissioners for managing his Majesty's stamp duties, or any'two of them shall fee reasonable grounds for requiring the fame, and shall by notice in writing, or otherwise, require the Time, within ten days after being so required, give into the said commissioners, at their head-office, or to their proper officers in their retyedive towns, and at the respvctive offices where stamped paper shall be distributed neared to the place where such paper shall be printed or publUhed, such affidavit, and of such import, as printers, publish:rs, or,proprietors of newspapers are, o.- shall by any law or laws be dire£U cd to make *, which affidavit or affidavits ilial! remain with such commissioners of (lamps, or officers, to be produced as occasion nuy require, at or before the trial of all such adiotis, suits, prosecutions, informations, or indictments, as shall be had or commenced, filed or found, touching such newspaper, or any publication therein contained , and such affidavit or affidavits, shall be received and admitted in all courts of justice, as conclusive evidence of all such matters therein, as are hereby required to be therein contained ag.unffiall and every the person and persons who shall have signed and sworn the fame, as aforesaid, on the trial of any action, salt, prosecution, information, or indictment; and every printer, pub-liflier, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurences, whether for himself, or in trust for any bankrupt, or lunatick, who (lull, when required thereto, as aforesaid, neglect or omit to give in as aforesaid, within the time, and at ihe places aforesaid, such Affidavit as aforesaid, fin!, for every such neglect or omission, pay a penalty of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person or persons who shall fug for the fame, by a£Uon or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of- record in this kingdom, or by civil bill, at the sessions of the county of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the assizes in such county, where the printer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, shall reside respectively, and shall be disabled from receiving any damped paper, for printing such newspaper upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he never had been quiiified to print or pubiUh any newspaper, until he, she, or they shall make and deliver in such affidavit as aforesaid.

LXXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the commissioners of stamp duties, or for such other officer or officers by them appointed for the distribution of (lamp p’p?r ?s aforesaid, to take such affidavit and affidavits as aforesaid, which affidavit c. affidavits shall he so made and taken without fee or reward; and if any person fluli wilfully swear any such affidavit or affidavits, and that the fame or any part thereof, shall contain a falsehood, every such person so {wearing any such aflidavi: ur affidavits, shall upon due conviction of such offence, incur and suffer such per. dues, forfeitures, and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury ure by law liable and.subject to.

"Vol. XVIII.9K

LXXXJII.

774 thirty-eighth Year ^ George III.

> A*

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That any printer, publisher, or proprietor ft

179* any newspaper, shall by the said commissioners be toilfidcred :.s having quit th: Chap 18. kingdom, who shall not, within ten days after notice in writing nr otherv.vc given, or served in the name of the said commissioners, or any two of them, ft the office where such newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him, her, or them, to nuke affidavit of the place or places of his, her, or their then red-deuce or dwelling, make before, and deposite with one of the said commissiontT?, or before a distributor in the country, appointed or to be appointed by said corr.mil-lioners for distribnting stamped vellum, parchment or p ip r in the country which affidavit said commissioners and distributors are hereby respectively authorized to take, an affidavit that he or flie has not been absent from this kingdom ten d.:ys together, from the time at which he, she, or they became primer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, and fitting out the place of his, her, or their then residence and ufunl dwelling.

LXXXIV. And be it tn.ifted, That any person who shall buy or fell, or have, or keep in his, her, or their -possession, any undamped newspaper. during the continuance of this act, shall be subject, and liable to the penalty of ten p unds sterling, for every unstamped newspaper so bought or sold, or so found in his, her, or their possession, such penalty to be recovered by civil hi!, by any person who shall fuc. for the fame; one moiety of such penalty to be dispofrd of to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall be committed, and the ether to the use of the informer.

LX.XXV. And whereas many printers ami publishers of newspapers strike off a second publication, containing more advertisements or other nutter than are contained in the copy given in at the head-oflice as aforesaid, or to the distributor, if in the country, by which means your Majesty may be defrauded of the duty hereby granted, and other mischiefs and inconrcnieucics arise: Be it therefore enacted, Tint any printer, or publisher, who shall vary any of the daily publications, or publish the fame, without giving in a copy of such second impression, figued as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the head-office as aforesaid, or if in the country, without giving in two copies to the distributor of (lamps, shall for every such ' offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to any person or persons who shall fuc for the fame i.i any court of-record, by aftiun, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no (Toign, protection, or-wager of law', shall be allowed, or by civil hill in the proper court; and every such second or other varied impression shall be deemed to be undamped, and the printer, publisher, and proprietor thereof shall be liable to all such pains, penalties, and forfeitures as if the fame were undamped.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print or publish any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newspapers, or other literary performance, shall, within the spice of thirty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements, if the same shall -be printed or published within the city of Dublin, pay or eause ro be paid the duty or duties thereon hereby charged to the respective persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerks; and if primed or published in any place out of the limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time being, appointed for the collection of the bid stamp duties; and the said commissioners and officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, togive a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon; and upon payment thereof in the manner and within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the said commissioners or their officer receiving the fame, shall make to the person or persons paying the fame, out of the sums so to be paid, an

allowance

The thiriy-cigblb Year of George III. 77$

allowance /ter the rate of IWo pounJs per centum per annum, a:ul in default of A. J). such p.'v rent within i!\' fa; herein before fov that purpose limbed, the primer *798. orpub'i.l.er of every f;rh irlv.riifen-nt fii.il! be liiblcro p-iy to your Pl.jeily, Chap. 18. your hr:-; and fuccoflVs, tu*h!e the duties heroin before by this art cr irgeahlo thereup m, to be recovered with ftiii of suit.

LKXXVT. And be it curted, That it any printer or pubThcr of any tiewf-paper, or o her piper serving the purposes of a newlp.tp;r, shall be, by dur course ofl-w, outlawed for any criminal oflVnee, or convicted, and receive judgment for printing or pubhlbing a traitorous or Icditious libel, the f.ml co.mmflioners, and their officer.for distributing stamped vellum, pirciuneiil, and paper, respectively, apt hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the uiV of any such primer, puh’ilhcr, or proprietor so out!\vrM for any criminal oilence, or who flu!) be convicted, and receive judgment for printing and pablishing a tr.i'torous or feditiuus libel, any damped paper, for printing any newspnrr; and if any printer, pubi’lhcr, or proprietor of a newspapir, or other piper, fjrving the puryofe of a ncivfp ipw, fln'l, for the fpjee of forty diys after printing or nub i bi lg my adwrtifem nit or aeverrilemenM, negiert to pay tli*: dutLs hereby eh irgeii on advert.fcinmts, the f.1 1 c '.'li'uilHoncfi, a:u! then’edi-vr- for distri'm'i ’g il.imp.’d v»-lium, paper and p.ochnvm, r-spertivviy, arc I creby prohibited to icl.', ami deliver to, or fertile use of such printer, publidier, or proprietor, any 11 imped paper for printing any newsp.iper upon, until such printer, puluther, or proprietor, so in arivar, shall have paid, am! discharged all arrears of such advertisement duty, to the payment of which he was subject to and for the Jjfl day of t*:e month, next preceding the month in which such payment ilia! 1 be made.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any per fern or personss shall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge, or c.mfe or procure to be counterfeited or forged any type, mark, 01 fta np to resemble any type, mark, or Aamp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this art: charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause, or procure to be cou»terfeired,*marked, or impressed on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device used or kept at the heae-Ojiice aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment or paper, or other matter or thing directed tote stamped, any of the duties by this art charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or fuc-cefiurs, of any of the duties hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cu ife to be uttered, vended, or fold, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to xsfemhle any mark or device used or kept at the head office aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited j then, every such person so oilctrding, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and Hull fuller death k> in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth Hay of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thonfami seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, no person m persons shall keep any printing-press or types for printing, or publickly or pri nely i/ifnre or open, or keep any o.fice in this kingdom for insuring houses, fur'.t jre, goods, wans, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire; or for i'Turing goods, wares, or cncrchandiccs from the danger of the {ea$, Or Other perih at fca, without fnft taking cut a Hcenfefor that purpose from the f.iid conimiiiicii'’ r$ for managing the stamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

XC. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this -rt, the said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, shall under9K 2 their

yy6 The thirty-eighth Year of' George III.

A* D. their hands and seals, grant a license for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, 1798. merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, and also for insuring goods, Chap. 18. wares> or merchandizes, from the danger of the Teas, or other perils at sea, to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the fame*, which license shall set forth the name or names, and other de-feriptianof the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking

out the fame, and also the principal house or other place where such kufiness of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, or of insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, shall at the time of taking out such license, be -principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons taking out the same.

XCf. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, shall under their hands and seals, grant a license for keeping printing-presses, or types for printing on paper, to such person or persons who shall apply for the fame, and who shall have performed the requisites- which shall by any law then in force in this kingdom, be necessary to.be performed*

XCII. And be it enacted, That nil and every person and persons, who shall keep or use a printing-press, or types for printing, without obtaining such license as aforesaid, shall forfeit such printing-press and types, and a sum of one hundred pounds; the said sum to be recovered by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, one moiety thcrof to be paid lo the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall inform and fne for the same.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken out under this act, fldl have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, and no longer.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who now, or which, during the time aforesaid, shall insure, or set up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the danger of, the seas, or other perils at sea, without such license as aforesaid, or in any other ‘house or place, except the house or place to be named in the license under which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons shall act; or such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named hi such license, and be kept by some person or persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politick or corporate, or ot'ier person or persons having such license as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such Hccnfc. or to the intent and meaning of -this act, shall forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be committed the sum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of iufurance which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons shall receive on any such day.

XCV. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons. and body and bodies politick or corporate, to whom any such license a< aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the time of receiving such license, give, security, with sufficient sureties to be approved of by the said commissioners, or any two of them, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs mid successors, in such sums as the said conimiflicners may thi'ik reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed die probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate/or person or persons respectively, for ‘half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies poli-

r tick

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 777

tick or corporate, fl all faithfully make out, sign, and tLliver an account of aii money A.D. i-cehred for such duties upon insurances, ami well ami truly nuke payment cf all 1758. fs-ch sums of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in pur- Chap. 18. lance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act 3 and also truly

an! faithfully observe and perform all the direction:, matters and things hcreiu contained, cn his, her, or their behalf to be ohferced and performed, such bond lli.tll

k voiil, blit oilimrifc to remain in full force.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That every licensc to be taken under this act, shall have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand foven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, and no longer; but if a license shall be granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them Hi all die before the said twenty-fifth day of SLrch, it shall continue in fence during the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the fun it or or survivois of the pci suns liccnud.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That where such business of infilling is carried on by companies, consisting of a greater.number of paimers than feur, the lieenle,- so to be granted by the A.id commiliicners in manner uforcliud, shall be granted to fuel', two or mere of any such company or partners, aa and for the whole company or partnerinip, as fiirdl be named to the said co.nmiliiuiiers, under authority from such company or partncrfiiip, and in every such tale, the license shall continue in full force until such time as aforesaid, from the day of granting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such license shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partncrfiiip.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body .;r»d bodies politick or corporate, so to be lieemod, who from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring property from lots by fire, or from the danger of the fcas, or other perils at fca, or shall continue to ensure on any policy, shall, by themselves or such other p-.ifon or prisons as are, h, or shall be employed by, or under them, previously to the granting or continuing such policy of infu-nnc:, demand, and receive for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and i'ucccfior-;, of and from the person or persons, wuof" property be so insured, the sum of one Hulling For every sum of one hundred pounds for which such policy trail be f) made or continued, and so in proportion for any LiJ sum, ami shall give a receipt for the duty so paid, as and for one year’s duty on such insurance, hem the day or the date of the policy thereof, and in default of receiving such year’s duty in manner aroicsaid, such person or persons, or body or-bodies jaolitick.or corporate so granting such policy, shall bs accountable to your Majesty, your heirs and futceflers, for the said year’s duty, as if the fame had been actually received.

>CIX. And for the more effectual prevention of frauds to evade the duty on insurance agiiinfl loss by fire, or from the danger of the Teas, or other perils at fca} be it enacted, That if a. y personsi or person jlhall act rj agent or agents for any pc: fou or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, in ptibhekly or privately insuring or receiving subscriptions for injuring, or delivering out policies or receiptj forufu-»nce against loss by fire, or from the danger of the fcas, or other perils at An; except for such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, 3s fiiail he duly licensed as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence* forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person or persons, whose honfc or hciifes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, situate or being in this king, dc-m, Hull at any lime between the twenty-fifth day of March; oneihoufimd fcvui hundred and ninety-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one tiioufimd fevui hundred and ninctr-nine, inclusive, be minted from loss by fire, or whole goods, wares, or merchandizes fi,all bs insured from the danger of the fcas, or other perils

Vol. XVIII.9L at

778 7X? thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A at fca, during the time aforesaid, by any person or persons, or bodies politics or

1798. Chap. 1! corporate, not resident in this kingdom, Hull omit, or neglect to pay the hud commissioners, the like duty, after the rate of one shilling, and of one shilling and fi\ t pence respectively, for every one hundred pounds, as if such insurance were made by any person or persons licensed pursuant to this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such omilTion or neglect; the said penalties respectively to be recovered by any person who Dial) fuc for the fame, by bill, action or information, in which no cflbign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed; or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction. C. And be it enacted, That every person or persons, who shall at any time, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, indufive, entitle himself, or herself, or themselves, to the benefit of any such insurance, shall forthwith, on his, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or cause to be paid to the insurer or insurers, the duties aforesaid, and such insurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for such duties-to the person or ersons paying the fame-; and in Case of any default of piy-ment of such duty within the time, or in manner aforesaid, and before any iofs shall he sustained, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty Hull -accrue, shall, so far as regards the insured, be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. Cl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old policy, fur the -fake of insuring a greater or different sum, the fame proporiionble abatement which the insurer, or insurers shall nuke in respect to the premium of insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the new policy. CII. And be it enacted, That all ami every body and bodies politick, and corporae, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain ’a license for any ollice of insurance against loss by lire, or the danger of the Teas, or other perils a: sea, shall, from time to time, ketp a. true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the number of the policy or instrument cf infunuice, which -from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-'igh:> shall be ilined or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, r person or persons, - the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, -or their abode, the sum insured, and the time for which the fame Dull be so insured, and also the day of the month and the date of the year in which such policy shall be issued; which account shall at all times be open for the inspection of any person or ersons duly authorized under the hands and Teals of the said comntifltouers for the stamp duties, or the major part of them, to inspect the fame. CUl. And be it enacted, That all and every the body and bodies politick and corporate,- and other person or persons who shall have any licensc under this act, for any insurance office, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two months, as may he appointed by the major part of the commissioners of the stamp duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days or more, by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them to receive the same at the head oflice of the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance otfice or offices, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, fur 1 t!u

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 779

lliC quarter which have been compleated before such il.iy of delivery* or notice, A. P, J13 tlu case shall be, anil at the same time Avail pay all Inch lent and sums as shall itqS. appear to be due on Inch accounts to the receiver-pene! il, for the time being, lor d^.p. 18. receiving the said duties for the life of your Majesty, year hens and successors, at the faiil head office, upon pain of forfeiting for every f-ich default the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default in payment of the money due on such accounts, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of such default.

CIV. And whereas it is and hath been the cuPiocn ‘or publick notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not to protefc the lame in proper form of hw, by which the payment of the duties upon such noting or nou-ri.il acts has been, and may be evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every publick notary shall, once in every two momlh’, during the time aforesaid, deliver to the said commissioners of stamp duties, or fume person authorised by them, at the head office to receive the same, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which Hull have been inted by such publick notary, and Hid! at the fone time pay unto the receiver general of the tV.in.p duties the sum of two Anilines and fix p.-uee for every Inch bill or exchange which Hull be so not.d by them, over and above the duty payable ro his Majesty upon protdling the fame bill or bills, in case Ihc owner or owners, bolder or holders thereof shall at any time thereafter think proper to prated the fame; and in case any publick notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every such publick notary shall for every such neglect or default, in delivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pound?, and for every default of payment of the money due on such account, double die amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such default.

CV. And be it enacted, That the said receiver-general of the (lamp, duties, at the head office, or other person or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners to receive the said duties upon infurznees against lots by fire, or the danger of the fcas, or other perils at sea, shall make an allowance to all and every person and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, respectively, for their own ule and trouble in receiving the fud duties, and making <,ut such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one stuffing in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for ami paid to such receiver-gener.il, or such other person or persons aforesaid, according to the directions herein contained.

CVI. And be it cnaQed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your Ma~ j:fly, your heirs and successors, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of tills kingdom for the time being, out of the produce of the duties hereby granted, to cause such sum and sums of money to be expended and paid from time to time, for fabrics and other incident charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, and levying, or managing of the said duties, any thing in this acte contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it enacted, That all and every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arib.v;! y this act, shall keep separate and distinck accounts thereof; and that the fcv. I di ‘ributors of llamps in the city or county of Dublin, shall weekly pay '1 2 ianie to the receiver general of the stamp duties; and the receiver general iha on every V/ed-nesday in every week, utiless the same shall be an holiday, and u.e.i upon the next ensuing day not being an holiday, pay all monies received by In .1 and then in his hands, into his Majesty's treasury; and the dilhibutovs of A.imps employed in other parts of this kingdom, shall pay all Aims received by them in iii.e manner, and at the like times, to the several collectors of the inland exciseof the resp.Aivedildricts in ph 2 which

A. D-

179S.

Chap. i S.

7m? thirty-eighth Year of George III.

which the fund shall id rrccived a.v.l collected} ami Inch collectors of inland excise are hereby authoiiml and required to receive ami give receipts for the fame, without fee or rei/«.ni, ami to to/p distinct accounts thereof j and the receiver-gemra! Hi.;! in fix u.,ya after his nuking any piyment into your Majesty's treasury, and every diilrdniiorof damp?, in fix dies after his making any piyment to any of the said colls elora, (In! ;,iv: notice of cite amount of such payments to the commiXumers for mu.4 tli: !i;imp duties , and every such collector shall pay the fevu-a! sums so to them paid respectively from time io time, to the receiver-gtitc-ral, upon receiving from him acquittances for the fame j and if such officers, or

any of them, shall negltd or omit to pay the duties so by him levied and collected,

pi-id in and received as a.ore said, at the time, or in manner aforesaid, cr shall detain any part of the monies by them collected and received, -then and for such o.Tence he or they shall be dismiss-st-from his or their employment, and to rendered incapable to serve.your Majesty, your heirs ami fucrefiors, and shall be charged with intcvcit for the monies so detained in his and their hands, after the rate of twelve yoiiii&i per Minna per annum \ the same to be recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby slebts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and fucceOors, from publick accountants or debtors. a CVIII., Aml be it eiuited,- That there shall be kept in your Majesty's treasury, one book, in which all monies thaMluH to paid into the treafw’y by virtue of this act, shall be.entered apart and, distiinSt from all other monies paid or payable to your Majesty, ypur'heirs and (ueceflors, upon any account.whatsoever.

CIa. And be it enacted, Th.at the comptroller of the duties hereby granted, (hill certify once in every week, to the accountant-general, the amount- of the duties paid by the dUtributors or other officers of the ft imp duties, to the several collectors of the.inland excilej and that every such diltnbuior Ih.ill likewise certify to the accountant-general, and to the commissioners for in waging the stamp duties once i«i every month, the full amount of the sums paid by him on account of the said duties, to'any collector or collectors of inland cxeife, specifying the name of such collector, and the respectivs times of payment, and the balance remaining in his hands; and if such comptrolleror distributor shall neglect to certify in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. f CX». And be it enacted, Tint all such coli-eitors of inland excise, shall, as to -all such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and - liable to the f ime mode of account, and the fame regulations lave as herein mentioned, as they are, and shall be subjfft to in respect of any other duties by them collected.'

CXI. And be it enacted, That none of the duties granted-by this act, shall to received-or collected, by, or paid.to the said commissioners for managing the (lamp . duties, and that the several persans, who have been, or shall be~respe£Hvely employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the said1 former acts granted, shall, when, called-upon for that purpose, exhibit respiCfcive accounts af.-such duties to the commissioners for taking imprest accounts . ferthe time being, or the major part of them, who shall and are hereby respectively'aphorized and required from time to time to examine upon oath, riie persons who .(lull be employed in railing, receiving,.or colliding the said duties, as to - their accounts, and as-to the sum or sums of money which was, or were by them or any of.-them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise. what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the.receipt of- your Majesty's exchequer, or to the collectors of (the inland ex-.eife as aforesaid 5 and in,accounting before the said.conmiiffiohers.cr the major'

Jr part

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 78 c

part of them, they are to on.liic-t proper vouchers for any sum or sums of mo- A. 13. ney so by them raised, received an.I paid; and the commissioners of imprest ac- 179S.* counts, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to Chap. 18. arijuft and settle such accounts, and to give discharges to the several account-ant!.

CXII. And be it enacted, That when the accounts of the money received for the said fever.il duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be signed by the said commissioners of imprell accounts, or the major part of them, and shall be at all times to the officers, therein concerned, a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to all intents and pnrpoles.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, may be recovered by any person who shall fus for the fame, by nation of debt^ bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no cflbign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdictiun , one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

CXLV. And be it enacted, Tint a fep mte and distinct account of all monies arising by the duties mentioned in the schedule marked A, on licenses to keep lottery offices, shall be kept by the several proper otlicers, and the fame or a sufficient part thereof shall be paid and applied to defray the charges amt exptnees of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this kingdom, in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being flutli direct, and that the residue,if any, Hull be applied towards defraying the expences of your Majesty's government.

CXV. And be it enacted, That the leaving or service of and legal process in any suit to be brought against any printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, for the purpose of recovery of any debt or penalty under this act, at the printing office or place where such newspapers arc usually and respectively printed or published, shall be deemed and considered to all intents and purposes good fer* vice of such process.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deduced, or received by any officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom for or on account of the ilfuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

CXVII. Provided, That any person who shall purchase and pay for at the head-office for (tamping paper, to the value of three pounds, or upwards, of paper (bmped with any of the duties mentioned in the schedule B, hereunto annexed, and printed with the printed forms of summonses, processes, civil bills, copies of summonses, proccfies, or civil bills, decrees, distnifles, affirmations,' renewals, or recognizances mentioned in the said schedule, shall be allowed by the commissioners for managing the stamp duties at the rate of ten pounds ptr wit. for every such sum or sums to be paid as aforesaid.

CXVIII. Provided always, That if any deed, instrument, or writing, shall happen to be executed on any (lamp of greater amount than at the rate pre-fcrioi-d by this act, for such respective deed, instrument, or writing, that the same shall be considered as duly stamped, within the due inten: and meaning of this ft.

Vol. XVIII.9M

782 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

CXIX. And be it enacted, That if any printer, publisher, or proprietor of a 1798. newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper serving the purposes of Chap* 18# ^uc*1’ ^avc *n ^'S, h"ri or their pof.-flion, such piper as aforesaid; or if such piper shall be found in the hoafe, office, or priimngolfice of such printer, pub-lifher, or proprietor, printed, or in part printed upon unstamped paper, such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall be subject and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures by this, or any other act imposed upon printers, publishers, or proprietors, for printing or publishing such newspaper as aforesaid, upon unstamped paper.

CXX. And be it enacted, That the schedules hereunto anneued, shall be deemed and taken to be part of this act* to all intents and purposes.

SCHEDULE

The thtrtj-e'ighth Year of G.'oi'gc III. 7^3

A. D-

SCHEDULES of the several Duties to be paid on ( yoS. every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall be engrailed or written, or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein set forth.

FOR every /kin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or /In'ct of paper on which shall be engroflld, or written, or printed, the following articles, tls* duties following shall be respectively paid

Schedule A.

ARTICLES.

Any license to keep a lottery oflice -

For and upon every license to any person to keep one or more priuting-prefc, or prefles, the ftim of Every patent for an archbishoprick -

Every patent for a dukedom Every patent for a mnrquifate -

Every patent for an earldom

Every patent for a viscount -

Every patent for a bishoprick -

Every patent for a barony -

Every patent for a baronetage -

Any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other di/penfatton or faculty from the lord arcltbiflicp of Armagh, or ma/lcr of the faculties for the time being -—- *-----

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege to any person or persons, bodies po!:ck or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, not hereby otherwise charged, commissions of rebellion in process always excepted ——

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money, exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland -

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value

of two Hundred pounds per annum -

Any grant of any escheatorfliop ——

Any adniiffion of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any clerk, advocate, proflor, notuy, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whole office is under the value of ten pounds a year in fnl.n y, ices, or other perquisites, or any appeal from the court of admiralty, or the prerogative court, or

any archiepiscopal court ——

o M 3

Duties

£ ' d-

IOO o o

500 <So o o 60 o o 000 <$000 40 o o 30 0 0 30 0 0

20 0 0

10 O o

to o o

10 o c

*5 ° G 10 o

6 10 0 Any

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

ARTICLE S.

Any admission of any student into the society of King’s-Inns Any mlmission of any bnrrifter into the Inns of Court —~

Any pardon (except the pardons passed in firuia pauperis) of or for any crime or ofience, or of any money or forfeiture whuisoever, or of any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any lines, corporal punifi:-merit, or other forfeiture -

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum ot money not exceeding two hundred pound.', nor iefs than fifty pounds, which shall pals the great sea! of Ireland ——

Any grant of lands in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great feel of the exchequer (cujlotlum leases excepted) -

Any presentation or donation which shall pass the great foal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made byanyarchbishop or bishop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclui.idica) promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year Ami if of the value of two hundred pounds a year, or upwards, the value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar-general of the diocese; provided always, That two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be deemed and taken to be one benefice only — — ’—

Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice tt> an attorney

And a further duty for the fame -

Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to a notary public Any admission of an attorney into every couit into which he shall be

admitted an attorney -

livery admission of a solicitor into the court of chancery Any commission that shall be issued from any court whatsoever for taking affidavits.

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever -

Any infiitutum that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or ecclesiallicsl court whatsoever$ provided, that an inllitutiun to two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be tonfidered as an inllitution to a single benefice -

Any wjit of covenant for levying a fine -

Any writ of entry for fullering a common recovery -

Any army lift, except such as shall be published with the approbation of the lord lieutenant general, or general governor of tins kingdom, for the time being ——

Any conveyance, furn-mlcr of grants or offices, rdcale, or on er deeds . whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record iu any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of record whatsoever Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal ——

Any sentence Out shall be given in the court of adivjralty, or any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty,

or any rdaxathm of any such attachment -

Any eo'-'miifio.i issued out of any ecclesiastical court not herein before

particularly charged ——

I Any

r-UTjI

£- '

10 0 0 10 o c

4 6 3

4 fS S

3 5 c

6 io o 2 0 0

7 0 0 3OC

3OO 3 0 0

i 1 8

0 15 0

0 1 if 0 0 10 0 o 10 0

o 10 0

076 0 12 6

076 0 7 ('

2Zv thirty-eighth Year of George III. A R T I C I, !' R. 785 Pur,:,. D. £ 1. ! 1

Any warrant, monition, or per^utt in the c'.vt uf rui:.:/.ky, eivccpt in suit:, for pnynnr.t t i‘ it.om u Arv probate of’a will, or l.u-jrs r.f rAmi-d 1’viimi f r ~ 1 /'I >> . CllKU, 1 S 0 1 ('

above the value of thirty pounds, ;.:d r.ot td i!x \f.v: ui one hundred pounds If of the value of one hundred pounds, and nor of tl.o v.:h:e < i three 0 5

hundred pounds — c: j c.

It of the value of three hundred pound?, and not of the value of six hundred pounds — —-— If of the value or six hundred pounds, and not of the value of one 100

thousand pounds 1 10 r.

If of the value of one thousand pounds, and upwards — Any writ of error, certicrarit or appeal, except to the delegates Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other . tettameutary instrument, or for any 111 are or part of a pevfoital eft ale, divided by force of the statute of dillrilnuious., the umou’it wla-re-of shall not be of the value of twenty pounds, except such legacies 2S Hull he left to the v. ife, children, or grand children, of the persons making such will or testamentary instrument, or find! be divided 2 0 0 0 5 -

amongst them by force of the f.iid statute Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of twenty pounds, 0 2 a

and not amounting to one hundred pounds, exivpt n-: nforeftid Vvh:rc the amount thereof shall he of the value of one hundred pounds °5

nr.d upwards, except as aforesaid - Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, ftntute staple, or statute met- 1 0 & ‘

chant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by purfmis applying for licenscs to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly — — Any record of ni/iprtus, or fijlra, - Every judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the matter of my office, or his deputy, or second.iry, or by any prothonolary, or his secondary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of 0 s t 0 3 i

the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or shall sign judgments - ~ — And a further duty of six pence, for every one hundred pounds, for which such judgments shall be signed, exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds - 0 $ n

Any custodiuni under the teal of the exchequer) grounded on an out-lav/ry in any civil action — — — o £ o

Any mauiage license to be issued from the court of prerogative Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, fare and except exceptions to answers 1 29

filed in tire find courts — — —=- — — — Any indenture, lease, or deed-poll not otherwise charged, except indentures of apprenticeship, where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of Vol. XVIII,9N ten 0 I 6

PVTIES.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by publick or private chanties, and also except indentures binding apprentices to attornies, or publick no*

tarles - --- 040

Any charter party, policy of insurance, passport, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, warrant of attorney, (except warrants of attorney, and letters of attorney, hereby otherwise charged) or

any other notarial aft - 026

Any petition in any court of law or equity . 026

Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to rcccixc rents 12 tj

Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to execute leases 511 6

Any admiflioti into any corporation or company - 050

Every, sheet of any decree or dismissal made by or in the courts of

chancery or exchequer - o 1 6

Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts in the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court

whatsoever - o 1 c

Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that Hull be made on such bail - 0 1 c

Any affidavit, except such affidavits as Audi be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs cr excise, affidavits relative to criminal prosecutions, to road preferments, or accounting for the publick money, affidavits made for the purpose of registering freeholds, and all affidavits to be taken before any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magiftr.itc of any corporation acting as a justice of the peace, and affidavits to be taken by a magistrate acting in any court of conference, or of fumniary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize, or commission of oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions or trials on Indictments, or to civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of railing or accounting for the public money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen and linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or nude before the trustets of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turn* pikes, or affidavits made before the Dublin society, by the sheet 0 t 0

Atiy copy of such affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever, by the (beet — — — 002

Any original writ, fuhpocna, writ of- haltat corpus, writ of cnpi.is q:n-m'n tr, writ of thdhnus polt’Jf.Ucm, to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any ether process or mandate that /lull issue out of or pass the feat of any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value o 1 0

Any entry of any action in the mayor’s or (hcriffs court of the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and in all other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process or mandate 'issue, holding pica, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above -

Any rule or order, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to preferments made or given in any of the courts

in

786 A.D.

'798-Chap. 18.

0 I 0

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

articles.

in the city of Dublin, cither courts of law or equity, which Hull

be taken out ——

Any copy of such rules or orders, except'in cauffs prosecuted t'j»on indictments, or which relate to presentments cn:cr.\!, or the copies of any other record or proceedings iu any of the said courts of the said city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged -

Anv citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any eo cleitafLical court, or any libel or allegation, dc, answer, ftn-tence or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engrafted or wiit-

' ten, except in suits for recovery of seamen’s wages -

Any warrant to any attorney or foliciror, to appear for any plaintiff or defendant, in any action or suit at law, or in equity, to prosecute or defend such action or fuir, or to coufefs judgment thereon Any release, contrail, bond, or other obligatory inlhument, not herein

otherwise charged ——

Any bond on the exportation of goods or merchandize intitled to bounty, drawback, or allowance of duties ——

Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, which shall be registered in the pufclick office for registering such memorials,

above all duties payable thereon ——

Each and every exception or exceptions to any answer filed in any court of equity in this kingdom ——

And a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one Hulling for every ninety words whUh each and every exception Hull con-uin, over and above the first ninety words.

And a fuulier duty upon each and every exception, over and above the

first ten exceptions ——

And a further duty upon the fame, after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every ninety words which each and every such exception Hid! contain, over arid above the first ninety words.

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other

pleadings whatsoever, in mv court of law, by the (beet -

Any copy of any will needed by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ccch-iiaJlic.il ccuit, by the fnect -

Any copy of any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law, by the fliect Any depositions taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken by virtue of any commission before they arc engrafted, which arc not herein . before charged, by the ihect -

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any court of equity, by the (beet -

Every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which shall be primed on one side only of any one fliect or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards

bound or separated into leaves ——

Every other almanack or calendar for any particular year9N 2

7S7

Di>r i £3* A.D.

£ ' 1797-

Chap. 13,

0 I C .--"V-——'

0 I 0

o t o

0 I o

0X0 0 2 0

O 2 of

O I9

0 2 6

0 O <S

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 O IJ

0 0 1$

Every

002

004

T) o t i r.

788

A.D. 1798. Chap. 18.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A R T X C I. E S.

Every almanack or calendar nude to fcrvc for several years, the re-

specUve rates of - __

And for every such year ns nfoufaul — <—

Every Dublin directory -

Every paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrence Every such paper which Hull be published once in every week and not

Any bill of hiding which shall he signed for any goods exported Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares, and merchandizes, to any drawback or bounty on exporting

the fame —. 1 ——

Any license for retailing win;, beer, ale, spirits, or cider, or tea ami groceries, or any lie ’; it) manufacture or deal in tobacco, or for manufacturing candles or so.ip for lale, or for felling or manufacturing paper hanging,*, or for fvlltr.g or making gold Or filveT plate fer sale, or for felling tame-mad- fpiiits as a factor, orbyuhole-sale, or for keeping a colrbe-ltoufe, by the flicct —

Any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, where the sum vxprefiVd therein shall not exceed ten

pounds ——

Where the sum expressvd therein, Hull exceed ten pounds, and shall not exceed fifev p a:u!:» —

Where the sum express'.d therrin, shall exceed fifty pounds, :md shall not exceed one hundred pounds ——

And where the sum exprefiud therein, lli.nl exceed one hundred

Any receipt or other discharge, given on the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds And where the sum Hull amount to twenty pounds and upwards

0 0 1 002 002 00:

004

006

o 0 I

O o I

c o 3 cod 009 0 I 0

C 0 2

o c 4

Schedule B.

ARTICLES. DuTirs.

£ ' 1

Every summons'or process whereby the defendant or defendant’s shall be required to appear or anfiver the plaintiffs bill, or to appear be. fore any recorder, assistant barrister, fenefeiial or steward of a manor court, or other judge or ofltcer in bvery proceeding in a sum-

nury way, by civil bill - o I 1

Upon every copy of every such summons —- ' o 04

Every decree to be made or pronounced by every nfliflant barfifter, at the Tedious of the pfcace or adjournments thereof, in causes heard by civil bill, where the sum recovered shall be under five pounds 022 Every decree to be made or pronounced by every afliflant barrlfter, at the sessions of the peace or adjournment thereof, where the sum 2 decreed

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

articles.

decreed to be recovered shall amount to five pounds or upwards,

but not amount to ten pounds ——

Every such decree where the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount to ten pounds or upwards ——

Every dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister Every renewal of a decree or dismiss, made or pronounced by such assistant barrister, whether the said decree or dismiss were pronounced by a judge of assize or assistant barrister —

Every recognizance on an appeal from any decree or dismiss made nr pronounced by such assistant barrister -

Every decree or dismiss made or pronounced by the fenefeha! cr Reward and of every manor court in any proceeding by civil bill —

7 H

Duties. A.D.

£. s. d. ijcjS.

Chap, i g.

o i 3

Q 1 C

o i (

e -I

<5

Tol. WE

'CHAP-

- 7 9® shirty-eighthTear-^ George III. A.D. 1798.

CHAP. XIX.

4>* 48 for indemnifying fitch ferfitu as ' have . a'Bed fttcc the , Third Day of fitly, tilths Year ‘One thoujiind seven-and ninitj . seven, for the ’Preservation, of the iPiibli'ck 'Peace, and Sttp-pression ,of the Iifitrtcfl.ions prevailing, in some-.Parts of this Kingdom.

/llI.aft'tone, ifuics* &c" for matters done iince 3d July, 1797, for suppiclGon of insurrections and preservation of pc,ice shall be dtf-; ciiarjjcd.

WHEREAS'since "the- third'day of July,' in the .-year one thousand seven, hundred, and ninety-rseven, several parts of this, kingdom have been disturbed by.treasonable. ihfurreftions and daring, outrages against the publick peace, and the lives and pro-. perries of many, peaceable and faithful subjectshave been.destroyed, and several of his Majesty's justices of the peace: and-other officers and persons,: jn,order to pveferve the publick. peace, the: lives and properties of his Majesty's faithful subjects, and: toTupprefs and put an end to such insurrections, - have apprehended.several criminals and persons. suspected of aiding and assisting in the said infur-redtions, and, of -.promoting- riot- and tumults,.. and of harbouring evil designs against his Majesty's government, and: seized. arms, and entered into the houses and-polTelfionsmf several persons, and done divers other, acts.not jhftifiable by. latv, but which, wereyet £b -much for the pilbiick.service,-and so necessary; for the suppressing of such. insurrections, and for the preservation.of. thepublici, peace, that the persons by . whom they were.transaGed ought.to be.indemnified; be it therefore enacted by, the Kings,most excellent Majesty, by and ..with the< advice and consent ,of the ilords' spiritnaj., and temporal, and commons in this, present parliament assembled, and by the authority ,of the fame, that, all personal,actions, suits, indiAmentsj informations, attachments, moleftatrons, prosecutions and.proceedings..whatsoever, judgments and.orders, if--any be against the said,magistrates and persons, for, or:by-reason of any matter,.or; thing, commanded, appointed, or done since the thirid day.of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in order-to suppress the said insurrections, and for the preservation of the public peace, or for the safety of the state, shall be discharged and made ..void; and that every person by whom any such act, matter or thing, shall have been advised, commanded, appointed or done for the -purposes aforesaid, since the third pay of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and nine-ri'-fcyen. shall be freed, acquitted and indemnified., as well against

? thr

'The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

the King’s Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all anil every -other person and persons.; and that if any prosecutions, action or fuk:hath been, or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person, for any such act, matter, or tiling so advised, commanded, appointed or done for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, he or she may pleadthe general issue, and give this act and the special matter'.in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-fuss, or forbear further prosecution, or sufferdif-continuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy, as in cases in which costs by law are-given to defendants,

II. Provided always, That double costs shall not be given in cases where a verdict shall pass, -unless the judge or judges before whom-the trial ’shall be :had, certify that there was a reasonable ground, notwithstanding this act,'fcr bringing the action.

l’ersons sued maj' plead the general ift’ae.

Double eoft.i tn cicfendins, if pl.iintfir be non'suited, ice.

Doable costs not ns be giveirco lets judge cneWies.

CHAP. XX.

JIk Jet to Jhartcn the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet, and be holden for the Dispatch of Bnfiness, and more elseflunify to provide for the Meeting if Parliament, i/t Cafe-of a Demise of the ‘Crown.

WHEREAS it is expeclienno shorten the rime now required, PumsiBb.

for giving notice of the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs or Aicceflors, that the parliament shall meet and be holden for the dispatch of business.; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord= spiritual and temporal, and -commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that whenever his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be pleased, by and with n,lx,lil|s of the advice-of the privy council of his Majesty, his heirs or fucccf- by piocinni'u-fors, to issue his or their royal proclamation, giving notice -of his anj ^oonc"iS or their royal intention that parliament shall meet and be holden M hc fj®-for the dispatch of business on any day being not less than four- wiif.ii mting teen days from the date of such proclamation, tiic fame shall be a "

full and sufficient notice to all persons of fi-ch the royal intention *>’ ut his Majesty, his heirs and lucceiTors, and the parliament shall (I 0 i thereby

'9- 'The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. t hereby fhnd prorogued to the day and place therein declared, nct-179S. withstanding any previous prorogation of the parliament to any Chap.20. longer day, and not wit fill aiuling any. former, law, usage, or prac-j;CCj i>le contrary, itcc'i’eii ih And whereas by an act made in the 'first year of his late d.ui:o 1 cico. Majesty King George the second, entitled. An act to continue the

2. relative to J ' 0 . 099

'the nu-e*.ing parliament for the time being, on the demise of his find Majesty, or mcni^on i]>e an)' of ^ts heirs or fitceejfors, fir the term of six months from the king*hereby ^K demise, and likevnife to prevent the publish sums

repealed. from expiring during [aid term, it is among!, other things enacted, that in cale there is no parliament in being, at the time of the demise of his said Majesty, his heirs or successors, that hath met and fat, then the last preceding parliament shall and may convene and fit, and he a parliament, to continue as therein is mcn-

tioned, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame parliament had

never been dissolved, hut subject to he prorogued and dissolved as

therein provided: And whereas great inconvenience may aril'c

from the said provision; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that so much of the said ail as, is herein before recited, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

lfiheile- HI, shall be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That . Trifc of hii.

Majesty imp- in case of the demile of his Majesty, his hein or successors, fuh-

Sm foquent to the distblution or expiration of a parliament, and be-

fore the day appointed by the writs of summons for assembling a

mem, and ihc new parliament, then and in such case, the last preceding parlia-

newoncnlion ment (halt immediately convene and fit at Dublin, and be a parlia-

fcments mcnl> to continue for and during the space of six months, and no

convene, and longer, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame parliament had

eTomlis.but not been dissolved or expired, but subject to be sooner prorogued

intjeit to or Jifloivjd ijy t(le person to whom the crown shall come, remain,

prorogation ' r 7

or niiMution, and be, according to the.acts for Hunting and settling the lucceflior.

by successor. , r

to the lame.

if the lie-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

M^cfl/sfuc m ca^e t'le demise of any such his Majesty's heir or successor,

ccflbr, hap- within the said period of six months, limited for the duration of moml's! and the said last preceding parliament, and before the fame Avail have parium*" keen dissolved by such his Majesty's heir or succesl'or, or after the meets, such fame shall have been so dissolved, andbefore a new parliament shall iS fit (T have met, in the manner herein after provided, then and in every g°"buth- ^c'1 cak’ *'lc ^alt^ preceding parliament shall immediately con-jeftto proro- vene and 'fit, and continue to be a parliament to all Intents and foMmi'by' 'purposes, for and during six months longer, to be computed from

fuccuTur. and

The thirfy-eifftb Year of George XII. 793

am! immediately after such i.dl ment.oned demile; but subject to A.D. bo liioner prorogued nr dilli'lvcd by the person who shall then [79^-succeed as aforesaid, to the crown, an.I In as often as any such demise shall happen before a new parliament Hull have met, in manner herein after provide:’.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforef.ud,

That in case of the demile of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-cellars, on the day appointed hv the writs of luminous for cal- n,uu.n-j t. ling and ailernbling a new parliament, or at any time after Inch "fff', day so appointed, and before liieh new parliament Hull have met -"cut ma. fit and fat, inch new parliament shall immediately after such demise, In-awc. convene ami lit at Dublin, and be a parii tment to all intents and ptirpoles, to continue for and during the term of six months, and no laager, but subject to be I’ooner prorogued or dissolved as aihrel.iid.

CHAP. XXL

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the 'Thirty ffxtb Year of His Majesty s Reign, Entiiled, " An act won cjffttta/ly to suppress " 1tfirreftions, and prevent the dislnrbancz of the public Peace and also, an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Ma-jejifs Reign, Entitled, " An act to explain an act, passed in the thirty-fftxth Year of his Majestys Reign, Entitled, An act more effectual/y to suppress Tnfurreetms, and prevent the Disturbance of the public Peace,

WYEREAS traitorous infttrreftions having for Tome time p,cami,it.

past.arifetl in various parts of this kingdom, principally promoted and fuuported by persons associating under the pretended obligation of oaths unlawfully admimltercii, an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act rcciiaimfui. more effectually to suppress infurreftinns, and prevent the diflurbauce jfiG..}. ami of the public peace, and an act passed in the tliiriy-ievehth year of "f 3?3’ his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain an act passed in the thirty sixth year of his Majesty s reign, entitled, An act more effectualh to fipprefs infurreftious, and prevent the dip. arbance of the public peace: and whereas it is netefif.try for the pit’die nfety, that the said recited acts. flinuld be continued: be it e rifted by the Xing’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent -of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Vol. XVIII.9P parliament

794 7"he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

parliament assembled and by the authority of the fTnc, Tint t!r-

179^> iaid acts flisll be, and continue to be of force from the passing of

's a^> until the fir,4 day of January, in the year one thoulimd f. ul :h, c,i. seven hundred and ninety-nine, and until the end of the then Jsaul' j.'aiul rest l'cflioi) of parliament.

fc'ffio* lt'"t 11- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

1’ira.in in cases where any person or persons have been, before tile paiiing

'van!imsl,"ftr of this act, or shall be during the time this act shall continue in 1>m’? mum-,!, fHrcc arrested, committed or detained in custour, by force of a

ronortl ’ 4l.

liein.prcKtf warrant or warrants of his Majesty's mofl honourable privy chwS'in council of this kingdom, signed by fix of the said privy council, will lor high-treason, fuipieion of high-treason, or treasonable prac-

binjdom, by ticcs, or by warrant or warrants signed by the lord lieutenmtor whomVw- chief secretary, for iiicli causes as aforesaid, it shall and in iv he dI" l^'lul lur an7 i,£rl"on or [>erfous to whom ftieh warrant or warrants have been or shall be directed, to detain such person or persons so arrested or committed, in his or their custody, in any place whatever within this kingdom; and that such person or persons to whom such warrant or warrants have been or shall be directed, shall be deemed and taken to be, to all intents and purposes, lawfully authorized, to detain in safe custody, and to be the lawful gaolers and keepers of such persons so arrested, committed or detained; and that such place and places where such persons so arrested, committed or detained, are or shall be detained in custody, shall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes to be lawful prisons and gaols, for the detention in safe custody of such person and persons; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, for the time being,

nMyteVutd by warrant signed by him, or the chief secretary of such lord i>°"rs!nT.imf lieutenant, by warrant signed by such chief secretary, for his Ma-jt« for jesty’s privy council of this kingdom, by warrant signed by fix prisonerf/'Cl1 of the said privy council, from time to time, as occasion shall be, to change the person or persons by whom, and the place in which such person or persons so arrested, committed or detained, shall be detained in safe custody.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, copies of such warrants, respectively, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the crown, and shall be filed by him in the public office of the pleas of the crown, at ths city of Dublin.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any justice of the peace, or other person authorized by the warrant of such. justice, shall, in any proclaimed district, find any arms or ammunition, or any

bctuuiuJ by" P’frc-head, fpcar, dirk, or any other offensive weapon of l any

Copies of such warrants to br tmnf mined to tUc clerk of the crown, and filed by him.

Persons in whole pofief* lion any arms or offensive

The thh ty-erjJjth 'Tear rtf George III. any kind whatfeewr, in the house, or power, or pofkiiion cf any person whatsoever conceal.il or otherwise, alter the person or persons inhabiting the said house, or the person or persons who fluill have the fame lb in possession, shall have been called lipotl to deliver lip the fame, and shall have omitted or refilled to deliver up the fame, every Inch person or persons dull be deemed a difor-dcriy person within the meaning of the said ail, and shall be dealt with accordingly.

Y. And be it further enacted, That it Hull and may he lawful for any justice of the peace of any county, city or town in this kingdom, or for any person authorized by the warrant of any Inch justice, to search for pikes, pike-heads, daggers or dirks, in any house or place where such magistrate shall have reasonable ground to suspect such weapons to he; and if any Inch (h ill lie found, it shall and may be lawful for such magistrate, or the persons so authorized, to seize, carry away, ami destroy the fame, and the person or persons in whose possession, custody, or keeping such weapons shall be found, being thereof fiimmarily convicted on oath, before two justices of the peace, shall and may be sent to serve in his Majesty's army or navy, in the same manner, and by the like orders and rules, in every respect, as disorderly persons are by the said acts directed to be sent to serve in the army or navy: provided always, that every person so to be convicted, shall have the like power of appealing to the next quarter fclfions, and under the like rules and conditions as persons adjudged to be disorderly persons have by the said acts, and no other.

VI. And be it enacted, That any linith or other persons who shall make or allift in making any pike, pike-head, dirk, dagger, spear, or instruments, serving for pikes or spears, without a licence from the master-genera!, lieutenant-general, or surveyor general of the ordnance, shall, being thereof duly convicted, be adjudged a felon, and be transported for seven years; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or lie construed to extend to any persons having or making such weapons as aforesaid, in the service, or for the life of his Majesty, ins heirs or successors.

tO JeiVC III

'7>

perfotis fn C- nvicded ma) appeal to next quar* ler Uf!ions.

Smith; or others convicted cf making pHcci, diilcs, gee. kc. without li-conte, shall be transpoi ted for 7 years,

not to extend to persons making uea-putiti for his Majesty.

9P 2

CHAP.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for improving ami repairing the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Cork, to the iho-,k vshnh hounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the Foot of Ktkvorl'i Mountain, and for repealing the fever at Lares heretofore made, relating to the said head.

Th-.fnrc- ~W7TIEIIF.AS the several Act; of par:i;nncn? following; that going ^Mcr !(/y ;s i0 -say an act passed in the lifth ve.ir oi the reign of his

repairing the . 1

riMil from late Majesty King George the second, entitled. An act for rtpair-

W0,1.'!;’ v°id° i>‘g tiJe road leading from the city of Cork, to the brook which bounds

ant"!"'1"-a5 counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the fit of Kil-worlb lii'.tin-iy,a.e i.ci.-by' tain; an act passed in the sevenih year of his laid late Majesty's fironi'tn’ae' reign, entitled, An aid for making mors tffcsiial an act, pa [fed in the.

fifth year of the reign of his fnrfent Majesty Kdog George the feeond, - Geo. entitled. An act for repairing the road leading from the uty of Cork, to

7 Gi.u. a. t’oe fr,jCl, wpic]j bounds the \counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the

foot of Kilmiorlb mountain, and joir other p>nrJ>oses therein mentioned-13 & 1.3G 3. an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present'-fv'Iajesty King George the third, entitled, /In act for amending and repairing the road leading front the city of Cork, to the Iroojk which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, mar the foot of Kilworth mountain, etui from thence to the road leading front ihe ' town of Clonmel/, in the county of Tipperary, through the towns of ' Ciogbcsn, Mitcbsl/iown, and to Doneraile, in the counts' of Cork, and for making additional Injiees for the turnpike road between Kil-*19 & 20G.3. kt-ony and Callan an ail passed in tile tlilKteeiltll ailtl twentieth years of tile reign of his laid prefetit IV.ajJly, entitled, An act for altering, amending, and eon tinning and uiaLiig mu e ijjt liual an cel made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years oj the reign of his on-feut Majesty, entitled, An act for amending and repairing the road 'leading from the city of Cork, to the brook which bounds the Counties of C-.rt and Tipperary, near the foot of Kihvorth mountain, ami on to Knockboy turnpike gate, and other paipfes, are lount! by experience to be ineffectual for the purposes thereby intended; be it then fore en.tded by the King’s most excellent IViajtfty, by and with the advice and coulent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament, ami by the ant in tity of the fame, That the said several acts, and all and every the povve-s and authorities, articles, rules, penalties and daafes therein ern-

taiccd,

*Ihe thirty-eighth Year of George III. 797

Vrned, (except such parts thereof as-repeal or alter the several acts A.D. therein recited), be, and the same are hereby repealed, and made 179®-

null and void, so far as they in any wise relate to the said road, bet not otherwise.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his grace Names of the duke of Devonshire, theearl of Shannon, the earl of Cork Orrery, the earl of Kingston, the earl of Clanvtilliam, the carl of Mount ’Calhel, the earl'of-Inchiquin, lord viscount Middleton, lord vifcoimt Boyle, the right honourable William Brabazon Pon-lhnby, the right honourable Colville Moore, the honourable 'William Moore, the honourable Robert Moore, Denham Jephfon, cf-qtiire, Arthur Hyde, esquire, Peter Carey, esquire, Henry Mitchell, esquire, Edmond Roche, esquire, George Bowls, esquire,

Nicholas Green Evans, esquire, Richard Aldtvorth, esquire, William Love, -esquire, Thomas Moore, esquire, John Kennedy, esquire, Bartholomew 0‘Donoghue, esquire, John Anderson, esquire, William Anderson, esquire, Thomas Power, esquire, Henry Fortescue, esquire, Richard Pcard, of Coole, esquire, Kingstoh Power, esquire, Edward Hoare Reeves, esquire, reverend Zachary 'Cooke Collis, fir Samuel Rowland, knight, 'reverend John Portes-cue, Peter Mazier a, esquire, Peter Carey, junior,’esquire, William Dohbyn, esquire, Samuel Mc‘Cill, esquire, Francis Woodley., junior, esquire, William Crawford, esquire, Richard Peard, of Peardmount, esquire, John Hyde, esquire, James Millerd, esquiro,

William Price Pcard, esquire, Charles Widcnham, esquire, fir James Lawrence Cotter, baronet, Broderick Chinnery, esquire,

Peard Harrison Peard, esquire, Henry Bowles, esquire, Richard Croker, esquire, John Nafon, esquire, Arthur Gifiard Brabafon, esquire, William Croker, esquire, reverend Christmas Paul Wallis, John Peard, esquire, Edward Croker, esquire, John South-cote Manfergh, esquire, Richard Martin, esquire, and Arthur Lucas, esquire, be, and are hereby appointed commissioners of said road, beginning at the city of Cork, and ending at the brook which hounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kil-worth mountain-; and the several perfotis herein before named and f»\<t perW appointed as commissioners, and such person and persons as filall ce(rorl, and be elected a commissioner or commissioners of faitl road, from time Pc.rfo" >P-

I po.nteu by

to time, during the continuance of this act, and those appointed them, flmii by them in pursuance of this act, and none other, shall have full powm, dur-power and lawful and absolute authority to do, execute, and per- ln£ ,1‘'1 -form all and every the matters, powers, and pmvisions in this act contained, for the benefit and advantage of said road,

VOL. XVI119III. Provided

7<j8 The. thirty-eighth Year George III.

A. P.;

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained, shall I79®* (kstroy or diminish such securities or contrafts, as have been here-Chap^ey* t0fore for money due to the said trustees of the said road,

Not to af-, -or any of them, and which are hereby declared to he vetted, and Jieretofoie . are accordingly, vetted in the said last named commissioners, for passed. (he pUrp0fc of carrying this present act into execution, or such f'c-. curities, contracts, or other engagements, as have been heretofore patted, or entered into,.and remain-actually due by the said for-. mer trustees, to the creditors or persons holding the fame, or entitled thereto, upon the faith of the said several acts of parliament.

Election of (IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That e^'k'room from atld a^tcr l'ie Passing of this act, in case any of the said com-of such asdic, missioners shall happen to die, or by writing rnnder his or their act, so that hand and fail,- refuse to act , as commissioners under this act, that

liannamomt then and, in such cales it shall and may be’.lawful to and for the ‘°&>i: said commissioners, or any thirteen or more: of-, them,- during the

; continuance of this act, to cleft in the room of such person or per-- fons so deceased, or refusing, and so on from time-to time, one o:

more fit and able p.erson or persons,- to be joined, with- the surviving commissioners, in the execution of this act,- so as that the whole number of the said commissioners, shall amount; in number

13 or a-orc to flXty and.no more; and that a meeting or board shall be had,

- comnv.fiioners J "

10meet on . of any thirteen or more- of the said commissioners, the; first'Mon-day in any " day in any month, for the cleftion of such person or persons, after S'pc’Irom*' ^,e Palhng.of this act; and that- the said commissioners shall af-commissioners semble between the hours of twelve and two o’clock in the after-

to meet at Fcrmoy, on iirlt Monday in month, of . which trea- Jurer shall give notice, > and may adjourn a* they please;

treasurer may adjourn meeting for a fortnight, when a sufficient number of commissioners do not meet on day appointed.

noon, on the first Monday-in, the next,-or anysucceeding- month, after the passing of this act,- at the town of; Eerrnoy, in the county of Cork, of which the treasurer of the said road, 'shall give due notice; and the said commissioners shall adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet-there, or.at any other place or places, on or near the said road, as the said commissioners, or any, thirteen or more of them, shall think convenient; and if it shall happen. that there shall not appear at any meeting, or board so to :be had, or which shall be.appointed from:time to time to be had or held by the said commissioners, a CufEcient number of commissioners to act at such meeting, or to.adjourn to any other, day, then and in such case, the said treasurer shall have. power, and is-hereby authorized to . adjourn the said board or meeting, to any house or-place conveni-. ent to said road, on that day fortnight, upon which such last < meeting or board was appointed to have been held, and' of which adjournment, such treasurer is hereby required to give-due no-: tice,

’fbe thirty-eighth Year of George III. 799

V. Provided-nevertheless, That previous to such election, after A.D. every such vacancy shall have been declared as aforesaid, notice of I79®1 the time and;place of holding every such election, signed by the laidtreafuier, shall be.publittied in one of the moil publick news- (N«‘cc®r papers of the city of Cork, and shall be also ported upon every pay- polled ami gate erected, or to be erected on said road, seven days previous to

the day appointed for such election.

VI. And be it further enacted liy the authority aforesaid, That s commis-any five or more'of the said commissioners, (half be deemed a fuf- iutmc a ficient board, to do and perform any act or deed-neceflaryfor said

Road, in pursuance of this act, not herein otiienvifc spech.llydi- rcfled. retted and pointed out to be done by'a. greater number.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Majority of the majority of any thirteen or more, but no latter number of the cjmmtffioii-said commissioners who shall assemble at any meeting after the paf- crC "'"y »r-ifmgof this act, pursuant to notice-to be given as aforesaid, shall Kr'.Vt sand may-appoint a treasurer at a yearly salary not exceeding fifty !jfay,'r'c,*ott ipounds sterling, and shall and may from time!to-time'remove any him>&c-such treasurer, and appoint-another treasurer in his dead, and in

case of the death or resignation of any'such treasurer, shall and may in like manner appoint another treasurer, and To from time'to'time as occasion shall or may require,

VIII. Provided always, That every person who shall be appoint- Ioaoi. Ic. cd treasurer, before he shall be capable of acting as such, shall give ft'? "l,<' security, to be lodged in the chief remembrancer's office of the iroif-w; court of exchequer, in a sum not Iefs than one thousand pounds,

for the faithful discharge of his office, and for his duly accounting for and paying all money he shall from time to time receive as treasurer, as any thirteen, or more, but no letter number of the said commissioners assembled together, pursuant to this act, shall direct and appoint, for the uses and purposes herein after mentioned;

and every such treasurer shall keep such books of account, and in treasurer to such manner as the said commissioners, or any thirteen, or more directed by of them, from time to time, at their said meetings, shall direct -or point out.

IX. And to keep the said road in repair the more effectually, >3 or more be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any thirteen, or e,s> or ,hc more, but no letter number of the said commissioners, shall and

79them, may

may, and they, or a majority of the said number, or of any Ji'Wero..d greater number, who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to Hoot, this act, are hereby authorized and empowered to divide the said soad into two divisions, if they shall deem it necessary.

-9

'.8oo

Cpiwnifit oners may -cause pay. gztes (o be established, and may build or hire loll houses, and appoint pet Tons to receive the following tolls: ,a fdicdulc of tolls at each g-tc;

for every coach» &c. jirawn by 6, or more , horses^ss. ad. by 3 or .3, is. 7Jh. by 2, is. id. by j, Ctlh. every wag-gon, Arc. \vi;h z wheels, drawn by I or 2 beads, (except as herein,) 6dh. drawn by j, or more, is. ydh.

every car, Arc. drawn by 1, 2.1.

every horse, &c. idh.

sod. a fcorc for oxen, &c.

iod. a score for calves, &c.

Charges so stage coaches.

The thirty-eighth Year a/^ George TO.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after tile, passing of this act, it shall and may' be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any thirteen, or more of them, or fuclt person or persons as they shall authorize and appoint to establish . or crcft, or cause to be established or crefte'd one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and to build, hire, or rent, a toll-house convenient to every such pay-gate, and at every such.pay-gatein each of said divisioris, by such person or persons, as they, or any thirteen or more of then;, shall appoint.collectors or gate-keepers, to demand, receive, and take the tolls and.duties following, before any 'beast or carriage shall be permitted to go through the fame, and at every such pay-gate to affix and-eteft a schedule of the said tolls and duties, to be painted on a board or boards in legible characters, that isto say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phatton, cabriole, curricle, or chair, if drawn by.fix or more ltorles, or otherbeafts, the sum of two shillings and two pence, if drawn by three or 'four ‘horses, or other heads, the sum of one.shilling and seven pence'hdlfpcnny, if drawn by two horses, or other beasts, the sum of one shilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horse, or other beast, die sum of six pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, cart, or ..other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by one or two beasts, (except cars, or other carriages, drawing turf, corn in {heaves, and bay to the hay-yard of the.persons living adjacent to the said road, and not.for sale,) the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every wain, cart, or other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by three or more hearts, the sum of.one shilling and seven pence halfpenny.; for every car, truckle, or other carriage, drawn by one beast, the sum-of two pence; for every other horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, loaden, orunloaden, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove, of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of one shilling and eight pence'by the score, and so in proportion for any greater..or Idler number; and for every drove of calves, ftieep, lambs, or pigs, the sum of ten pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler,number.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collectors or gate-keepers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, to demand, receive and take, at each and every pay-gate aforesaid, for every stage coach and other carriage, plying or conveying persons for hire, which shall convey at any' one time, -upon any part of said road, more than fix persons wilhin-fide, or more than four persons be-

3 fide.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. '3ot

Tides the driver upon the outside of any inch coach or other car- A.D. riage, the film of five (hidings and five-pence, for every horle or

other heall drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein bdore directed to be paid, every time fuelt coacli or other carriage thaii pass through any of said gates.

XII. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That r,!£"'

and across any part or parts of the pretent line thereof, or of any new line or lines of road -which shall be made pursuant to this att, as from time to time they shall think necessary or expedient, and to-huild, hire, or rent a toll-house for every such pay-gate, and there by their collectors or gate-kccpcrr, so to he appointed as aforesaid, to demand, receive ami take the tolls and duties, which by this act they are herein before authorised to demand, receive and take.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nopassenger or passengers Tollstoljc

1 ° ° paid hut once

with the fame cattle and carnage, shall be liable to pay any of the a day in said tolls or duties, mere than once in any one day, within the dWifion. fame division, on the contrary that every passenger or passengers, who shall have paid toll once in any cne division, shall lie permitted during the remainder of the fame day, to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the succeeding night, to pass and repass toll free, through every pay-gate in the fame division, with the fame cattle and carriage, on producing a ticket of his having before on that day paid (iich toll, and containing'such Other matters as are herein required, respecting the fame, which ticket every cnli.flnrsto collector is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll he is herein SI^rc'cflpi'of before ent-itled to demand, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every-omission or refusal, on being convicted thereof, before any justice of the peace of the countyin -which the offence shall be committed, or before any two of the said commissioners, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine such complaint, and to administer oaths for that purpose.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall otherpaC-

exempt or excuse any other passenger orpassengers-travcliing with 'ra-

the fame cattle or carriage, for which toil hath been Co paid as cattle,rear, aforesaid, on the contrary every such other.passenger or passengers S'toTlaon shall be subject "to pay toll, even though travelling with the fame cattle and carriage, for which toll had been before paid on the fame day and.in the lame.division.

Vol. XVIII.

9a

8c2 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XV. Provided also, Thai the fame cattle and earn age for which

i?y8.

toil hath been before paid, shall not on returning without partial-gers through the fame dirifion in any one day, be liable to the pay-Cautc and ment of toll a second time.

carriages returning without {'alien-gers cn fame day, not chargeable.

Tolls not to be demanded nearer city of Cork than one mile, nor ncaicr Rnthcortmick &c. than half a mile.

Tolls may be levied by di/lrcfs.

distress may be fold, iftiot redeemed in days.

Prrfors who pa fs forcibly, tvithoui paying or producing rickets

or olifhuft colkhci s:

or commit any injury on road;

-or interrupt overseers;

orcounterfeit, alter, or receive tickets, to avoid payments, shall forfeit i of.

XVI. And provided also. That it flisll not be lawful to crefl any pay-gate, or to demand, receive, or take any of the said tolls or duties, nearer to the city of Cork than one mile,.or nearer to the towns of Rathcormuck, Permoy, or Kilworth, in the county of Cork, or to either of them titan half a mile, any thing herein before to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any passenger or passengers shall at any pay-gate of the said road, refuse to pay the toll to which he, she, or they is, are, or shall be subject pursuant to this act, it shall be lawful for the col-lcdor or gate-keeper thereof, so to be appointed as aforesaid, to levy the faij toll by distress of the bead or hearts, or carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the perfoil or persons who ought to pay the same, and to detain such heart or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, until such toll, with the reasonable costs and charges of such distress shall be paid; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall he lawful for such collector or gatekeeper, to fell the distress by publick auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four days, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand, after deduding the said toll, and the full expence of such distress and lale.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any heart or carriage, through any pay-gate of the said road, without paying the toll by this act required, or without producing such ticket as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obflrud any of the said collectors or gate-keepers, in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or otherwise in the execution of his or their said employment, or shall injure any pay-gate, toll-honfe, globes, lamps, mile-stones, schedule of tolls, or other ahflrad, which pursuant to this act, or by order of the said commissioners, shall be erected or placed upon or near the said road, or any part thereof, or shall interrupt any overseer acting by Order of the said commissioners, in the execution of any part of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, alter, deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons, any note or ticket with intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person who shall be convicted of so doing, by the oath of

i

one

7hs thirty-eighth Year of George III. 805

one credible v.itness, before any just ice of the peace for the county A.D. wherein such offence shall be committed, or before any two of the *70'>-said commissioners, shall for every fitch offence, forfeit and pay

the iutn of ten pounds flcrling; and it shall be lawful for every of - r rood. a,1't

the fata collectors or gate-keepers, and all and every other person iuiw n.-.v

or persons by him or them required to nfiill in that respect, to

seize the bead or beasts, carriage or carriaoes, and the goods there- »*i broiylu

r r r b.IO.c a juf-

on, of the person or persons so unending, and the driver or dn- iiu-, .,r 1, vers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before ,'^11 i'uch justice of the pettce, or two commissioners, who is and are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, and determine the said complaint, and to administer oaths for that purpose; and if the party or parties so convicted, shall not pay the said penalty, together with such toll as shall be due, it shall be lawful for such if toil, ,-i.a justice or two commissioners, ami he and they is and are hereby required by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and *«-,

1 ._nuy be fold.

seals, to cause the bead or beasts, carnage or carriages, or goods so distrained to be sold, and out of the money thereby arising to pay the said penalty and toll, together with the charges attending such distress and sale, to he ascertained by such justice or two commissioners, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the 10 owner or owners of inch distress, or to the person or persons in Ifdillrefs l»e whole care or possession the fame respectively was or were when Xndtrmay seized, and if distress luffleient for payment of said penally, toll, be commuted, and charges, shall not have been seized, such justice or ftlch two commissioners shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby . required to commit the person or persons so convitfted to the common gaol, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, unless he or they shall sooner fully pay the said penalties, toll and charges.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, "’-rl-

J ty for permit*

That if any person or persons owning, renting, or occupying any ting any land near unto any pay-gate erected, or to be erected in pursuance r^gC{ to*past of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise knowingly or wil-fully permit any person or persons whatsoever, to pals through avoid tolls, any gate, passage, or way, on his or their land, with any head, cattle, or carriage, to avoid the payment of the toll to which such bcaft, cattle, or carriage; would be subject on passing through any pav-gare on the said road, and he thereof convicted upon oath of any one credible witness, before any two of the said corfimissioners, or any justice of the peace of the county wherein any such offetv e Ih ill he committed, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress9R 2 and

804 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. and sale of the goods and chattels of fusil offender, by warrant 179^- under the hand and seal of such justice, or two commissioners, rendering the overplus, (if any) after dedtiding the said forfeiture, and the charges attending such distress and sale, to the owner on demand.

Comimf* Turner* may appoint a surveyor, who dial Jiialce reports as herein Ji-rented, and may appoint him a salary (on affidavit of performance of duty) not exceeding apl.ajrar.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, who shall assemble at any meeting, pursuant to this act, to elect and appoint a fit and proper perfor. to act as a surveyor of the said road, who shall report in writing from time to time, upon oath, to the said commissioners, as often as thereunto required, the (late and condition of the said road, and of the turn-pike-gates, bridges, and sewers thereon, and what repair shall appear, to him to he necessary to the said road, bridges, and sewers, or any part. thereof; (and on such survey, or-laying before the hoard an affidavit, to be by-him from time to time (worn before a

Expels incurred by this-ft to be p in out of tolls.

Commit fivu n y lot tn!*j by ptihlii ca< t; and may contract for re pair of ro'-d. on giving; o-,-iice a* herein.

Notice of demise or cun* t*aft polled i J4- d.i)i bc-(cic.

: judice of the peace for the county, that he hath properly and dili-r gently attended to, and discharged his duty), to appoint-fitch fa-lary.to.be paid to such surveyor, for the true and faithful performance of his office, as they shall think lit,- not exceeding the annual sum of twenty pounds

XXI. And be it further enacted by the trathnrity-aforesaid, That the treasurer or treasurers who shall be appointed purlnanc to this act, shall, out of the money to arise by-tile laid tolls, in the lirft place pay the expences of procuring this act, and shall also from time to time, pay all other necessary-cods and charges-which (hal be incurred by carrying the lame, and the several clauses, powers, and pvovifoes thereof, from time to time, into due execution, during the continuance thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, who shall,assemble at any meeting, pursuant to this act, shall and may, from time to time, by public cant, demise and make a lease orleafes of the said tolls of the said road, or of any part thereof, to the highest and bell bidder or bidders, for any term they shall think proper, during the continuance of this act, and shall and may all’o, from time to time, by public cant, contract with any person or persons who shall be the belt bidder or bidders, for the repair of the said road, or of any part thereof, for such term as they shall think proper, not exceeding the-terin aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, That notice of the intention to dc-mise the said tolls, or any part thereof, or to contract for the re-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 805

pair of the said road, or of any part iHereof, shall he printed in A.D. the Cork newspaper, and po-1--d on . ' cry pay-gate of the said 1798-

road, fourteen d..\s j rivictis to ewiy such detnife or contract.

XXIV. And provided also, That every person who shall be- Security to come tenant to the said toil-, or tnv part thereof, or who shall con-

trait lor the repair of the laitl road, or any part thereof, llull give lccurity to he approved of, by thirteen or more of the said com- liycnmmif-miilioners, and to be lodged with the treahirer of the said road ',n^r*| for payment of fitch rent, or the perlortrainee of such contract, lrc:l!«rer. as he or tliL-y li.all contract or agree to pay, and not other-v.ile.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commits-

' ' oncri nny

That the said connnifiinners, or any thirteen or more of them, appoint hr re. who shall aiTemhle at any meeting, purftnnt to this act, shall and m,"whole

mav iiv writing under theit hands and teals, from time to time, '"pdnymay

r> > Ct 01r tO DC

appoint a law agent or attorney for transacting the law hufmefs p.iiilby tren-

neceslliry to he transafled under this act, and thail and may from they ate tu-

time to time, remove any such law agent or attorney, and ap- cJ'

point another law agent or attorney in his (lead; and in case of the de nil or resignation of any such law agent or attorney, shall and may in like manner appoint another law agent or attorney,

and so from time to time, as occasion shall or mav require, and from time to time to order the treasurer of the said road to pay the faiil law agent or attorney, his hills of cod, after they

drill have been taxed lav the chief remembrancer of the court of

exchequer, or his deputy, and not otherwise; and the receipt of such law agent or attorney for the fame, shall lie a fudicient

voucher for the said treasurer on passing his account with the said

commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p0 vers or That all and every pet f a or perfo.is, who shall from time to time

be appointed by the said commissioners to repair the said load, repair reads, or any part thereof, and such person or perluiu who llull he by them for that purpose employed, shall have full power and authority to dig for, iearch, raise, and carry away all (itch gravel.

Hones, fund, or other materials, which bull or may he wanted for the repair of the said road, and for carrying off the water, and to prevent its injuring the said road, to make dra u- in or through the land.-, of any person, not being a deet-parle, orchard, haggard, yard, planted ann, cr avenue to a lnanlion-house.

Vol. XVIII.9S XXVII. Pro-

The ihtr.

ty- eighth Year of George III.

Not to extend to de-mcfnci or dc< r- pai ks, without con-fen:.

4)5

A.D.

XXVII. Provided always, Tint fu:h persons or parsons so ap-t 7o3. pointed to repair, Ilnll from time to time make satisfaction to the Chap. 22. owners or occupier?, of the land, for the damage he, she, or they 'Ti'^'vnn !^la" 'hereby fullain i>y private compact, after such damage shall (omvmriof have been tufbained; or in case -they shall disagree with respect to i. j.ire.l. tj)e amolmt thereof, then that such damage shall he afllffed by

Ii-v.v iiaTittqr , J

tliullbi at. ilirec fubllaniial house-holders of the county wherein such damige ofdiiW*-' Jtlia.ll have arisen; one to be named by, each of the parties, and niL-nt. the |,y any neighbouring justice of the peace, which persons so to be nominated, shall be fveorn by such justice to be appraisers of, stich damage, and to make a true estimate thereof to the bell of their drill and judgment, without favour to either party: provided always, that nothing herein contained thill authorize any person to lay out, or make a, new road through any part of any demesne, or deer-park, -or to widen any old road into any demesne or deer-park, or to search for gravel or other materials in any demesne or . deer-park, without the consent of the owner being first obtained in writing under his hand.

;1 penalty

XXVIII. And he. it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That furobitruft- any pc.r|bn. or perfoii3 who shall ohilrisct or prevent any person dis-ging, &c. appointed by, or acting under the said commissioners in repairing the said road or any part thereof, from digging for, railing or drawing away grave!, (tones, fattd, or other materials neccflavy for such repairs, or from making such drains as aforesaid, shall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness, before anyone justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall have been committed, or before any two of the bid cominiffon-ors, forfeit for every such offence, a film not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by tlte warrant of such justice, or two commissionersi by distress and sale of the goods of the offender or offenders, together with the charges attending such distress and falc, to be af-certained by such justice or two commissioners, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner on deiTiand. rcribnswbo

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, injure road l° That any person who shall turn or make way for any water to go upon any part of the said road, or into trenches by the fide of any part of the said road, without first having made a sufficient drain or drains to carry off such water, so that it.shall not injure any pert of the said road, or who shall pull out, remove or injure file foundation, or any other part of any bridge or fewer, or any wail or fence, to any quarry, pit, hole, river, or water-course; or who fr.all injure any mile-llone or direction-post, or who .'kali

' bifid

or id are biiJgfs, few-ers, walls fences, mi.'c-floncs, fisc.

The thirty—eighth Year (// George III. 807

build any house, or par. of a house, w'uhin forty-live leet of the A D.

centre of any parr of the said road; or who (bail build any wall,

or mike any ditch within thirty-tive feet of the centre of any part

of the said road; or who dial] build any winn-mill v. ilhin one or Lu:IJ

j ' heme* with-

hundred yards of any part of the said i cud, or v hn shall remove tut of any of the materials which shall he prepared for Idling any ditch ""‘,!'or

or par: of a ditch-, or who shall dcllroy or take down any part of l" lv:l"s

the backs or hanks, which are or shall be raffed between any part of mums, v.iili-

the said road, and the drains and trenches on cither fide of the said road, or who dull make or have any way orpadlige from the said road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or ui.hu: no

arch underneath inch way or pillage, as deep as the drain or ditch ;//uf

over such way or paiT.urc of breadih and hciirhth, I'umeient to al- oru'nove

' , 0 0 nhiictialh, or

low all water winch may at any time be therein, lull room to pal's, Joilcy b-nks,

or who shall burn or differ to he burned, in his or her lands, bricks, 1>J^’

lime, weeds or vegetable fnbflance for allies, within one hundred i-mi.-niih.

w ’ t ' out gutters

feet of the centre of the said road, every person so offending shall cratches for

for every fitch offence, upon being convicted thereof, by confef-

fion of the party, or by the oath of one credible witness, before bints, wads.

y . ice.uithin too

any justice of the peace of the county wherein such ofu-nce Hull jeet ui con-

he committed, or before any two of the said commissiontns, or I".,1’!, IT"*'

' J > ](/ lUl j I.

upon tiic view of such justice, or two commissioners, forfeit the 'r‘-n<-<-film of five pounds; and that any person who shall keep or have |-t,ui.s ivko in his or her' possedion, any air dog, madid', or bud dog, at any [i,/',' cur/’ lionfe within fifty yards of the said road, without a Muck of wood ‘l^u bin

' J , \ jfiit vt

of five pounds weight at the lead, fadened to the neck of every ,0 a,w..buut such dog, or wiio shall winnow, or lay out for winnowing- any "

corn on the said road, or within fifty feet of the centre thereof, or wm v.uiiin

S '

who Iliad lay any draw, dung, or rubbish, on tile i.ud road, or

wiio shall ferape the gravel or doncs from off any part of the said /'/.V/d road, or wiio shall feour or dig any pit, ditch, or drain, or lay uic.pv any turf on any part of the hid road, or who flii.ll leave on any lurt or part of the said road, between cncluiure and enelofure, or permit to be left thereon, opposite or near to his or her Louse, any cani- ;' u, K iff-

11 t ' . T.iiC hcisjn,

age, plough, or harrow, without having the bcaft or liaPis for drawing the fame, harnessed thereto, lave and except fm.Ii caf-Tiagts as shall he actually travelling with a passenger or pafii-rijiers, or luggage, the properly of passengers which shall Hop to change Iiorfes, and which shall not continue mere than one hour, or lheh carriage as diaii have been accidentally broken down and cannot be wffewtrer. removed without repair, cr who shall f<_t or plant any fared tree, i.cVcicen-or the feed of any such tree, within lilty feet of the centre of any "ci part of the said road, or wiio fusil break down or injure any fce-l-<) S 2 path

8o‘8

A D.

i rys. Chap. 23.

or inji'.ic footpaths, or ride or drive thereon; orinjure hirfi* block nr

thing; or spread linen, See. fcr winnow-,'ingvwitliin . i03 feet of contie; or beat flax 5 oi leave tim-ber, ke on road, except for road

or.leave or fliin carcafcs within loo yards of centre, f.r/e as herein; ' . or drive car?, &c. with timber cr iron, as herein

or drag timber or mill-ilones; or crciV sign-posts, may-buflios, or tui f Hacks, forfeit 40s.

The thirty-eighth Teavef George III.

path on any part of the said road, or tylio shall ride, lead,1 or drive any horse or other head on any part of any such foot-path, or who Hiall injure any horse-block, or any other tiling which shall he made, 'crefteil, or put upon any part of the faitl road, for tile use thereof, or for the convenience of travellers, or who shall spread out any linen, blankets, or cloth for winnowing, within one hundred feet of the-centre . of the said road, or who shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, (tones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter on the said road, except for the use of the said road, or who shall'leave or permit’to be left, the carcase of any horse or other heaft, or- shall ikin-the fame, orpermititto befkinned within one hundred yards of the centre of the said road, favc in a ,-house or place enclosed with walls five feet high at the'lead, ..or who shall lead or drive bn apy. part of the said road, any -, cat or carriage, with timber, hoards, or iron, laid..acral's,’ so that either end -thereof shall project beyond tire wheels or fules of such car or carriage,'or on which shall be laid any beams, timber, or plank above ' the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels,

or on carts or common cars’, so placed together, that such beams, timber, or plank shall be laid length-ways thereon, or who shall dragany timber, or mill-done along any part of the said road, without being supportetl by wheels from touching-the fame, or who shall erect any lign-pofl, may-pole, may-bulb, or any turfflack, on any part of the said road, every person so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit the fmn of forty shillings, upon being convicted thereof, by the confession of the party, or by the oath . of one credible witncf?, before any such justice of the peace, or two commissioners, which penalties and forfeitures,.-with the cods and charges, attending such conviction, to be ascerthiiied by such judice or two commissioners,| shall be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such judice or two commissioners, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand.

Alt nuuers

XXX. And be it further enactetl by the authority aforesaid,

laid on rf'f>u, -

Hull be for- That all turf, dung, dirt, draw, ruhbifli, dones, gravel, sand,

foidtdiL- I'mci potatoes, coni, grain, cars, carriages or timber, which shall

Ac of road. i,e laid on the said road, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to he forfeited to the commissioners of the said road, and shall he by their, ior any of their order, fold, or otherwise dil--posed of,.as they,-or any of them shall think fit, for the use and benefit of the said road, and not otherwise.

XXXI. And be it further enacted liy the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any justice of the peace 4

The thirty-eighth Vtar if George III. 8og

of the county, or for such person, or peffons as by warrant umler'his. A.IV-hand. ani| seal he shall aulliorifo j;or that purpose, to pull clown, and ’ 79’^/^ level any wa]l, or.part of a.wall, and to liU.up any diain.or ditch, '

which {Ipall, Ipe built or:mtt.cie^yithin thirty fret cl' the.centre oi any part of the fii.id road,;after the passing of this act, or that a^.,3,.j. . shall be built after any nCty line shall be laid out; ami to lop orlop jj

all branches over-hanging, or which Hull over-hang any part oi c,'.’;r‘,; , the said road, apt) to take and Carry away the fame-; if the owners or occupiers shall negk-tt to, pull down or level such wall, or to fill up such drain or ditch, or to cut down such branches, for; i;‘ twelve days, after one month’s notice in willing shall be previous- VaV.-r t: ly given for that purpose, under the hand of any magistrate; and if after fitch notice a? aforesaid, the owners or occupiers shall ne.- «-c; gleet so to do, such justice, or such person or pedbns as by warrant under his hand ami seal he shall amhorise, shall and may take tv.iysoUUca'. up any way or'passage leading from the said road, into any ad-w»er','niar be-joining field or land, which shall obstrutt the free passage of water, "knc".':^.‘r and to re-make the fame, by building a gutter, fewer, or arch i:!cp aft;r thereon, of a sufficient depth, and to scout and clean all drains for carrying off the water, to prevent its injuring the said road; and C^pultej

to pull down and remove any sign-pofl, which shall be crefled Join; contrary to this att; and to levy the expence of so doing, by the dif- tress and sale of the goods of the owner or occupier of the lands tress. ' wherein such way, passage, drain, bullies or branches shall be, rendering the overplus, (if any), to the owner on demand.

XXXII. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That 01

it shall aiitl may be lawful to iind for the faiil commissioners, or such Iwilt contrary person or persons as,by warrant under their hands and seals they, maybspalled or any thirteen or more of them shall authorise or appoint, to pull.f" down, or cause to be pulled down, any house or lime-kiln, or’bV diitrefi, if any part of either, which shall be built contrary to this att, an'd gwnodofb to levy the expence of so.doing, by distress and sale of the goods "I),;!'.'"0"11'* of the person who shall cause the same to he crctted, if after two months notice in writing shall be previously given, to the person who erected the fame, he,-flic, or they, shall refuse or neglect to

pull down the fame; and that it shall ami may be lawful for any person to kill any dog, which shall be kept contrary to this att, without being sued.or prosecuted for so doing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, shall by any negligence or wilful misbehaviour, hinder or obstruct, or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects on the said Voi. IXVIII.9T road,

dogs kept contrary to this act, maybe killed.

Drivers of cars, &c. who wilfully obstruct paluge; or, if unload* cd, do not make way for

8io 2'he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

road, or being unloaded or empty, shall refuse or neglect to turn_179®’ . aside, and make way for any coach, carriage, chaise, loaded wag-gon, cart, car, dray, or other carriage being loaded, every such loaded ear-_person so offending, on being convicted thereof by his own con-iM.'ifown-' session, or by the oath of any one credible witness, before any juf-ers, or 10s. if t;cc of (]le peace of the county where such offence shall be com-

not owners, r

or (trail be mitted, or any two commissioners of the said road, shall for every coir.mi.tf ’. such offence, if the owner of such carriage, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, and if not the owner thereof, the sum of ten fliil-: lings, and on non-payment thereof, shall by warrant under the: hand and seal of such justice or two commissioners, be committed to the gaol or house of correction of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, unless such fine shall be sooner ina/app5 Pau^> alld every such offender in any of the said cases, may with-lien'd such of- out any warrant be apprehended by any person whatsoever, and: be by him conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace of- ficer,: to . be conveyed before fuclv justice or two. commissioners.

Pcjlom

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rxccmlonoV' That if any person or persons shall refill or forcibly oppose any coiiil'ibic" Person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or «lui rcfufc to shall assault any collector of the tolls in the due execution of his rams, shall be or their office or offices, or shall refeue or attempt to refctie, any Uno *10!" cattlei carriage, or other goods that shall be distrained or fei'/.cd by or bc^cm- virtue of this act, or if any constable, or sub-constable shall refuse any litre not or neglect to execute any warrant to him directed by any justice, wombs"86 or any two commissioners, pursuant to this act, every person so offending, on being convicted thereof h.cforc any justice of the peace, or any. two of the said commissioners, by his, or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of such justice or two commissioners, and if such line shall not be immediately paid, such justice or two commissioners is and are hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, of the county wherein the offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding -six months, unless such fine shall be sooner paid.

Fines, &c.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

not partial- y '

tarty directed,’ That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed pursuant to this dull be levied ^t|le mannei. of levying and applying whereof arc not hereby

particularly

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. Si i

particularly directed) shall and may be levied by distress and falc of A. lA the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal ol any 1179^-two of the said commissioners, or of any jufliee before whom the offender shall be convicted, or the offender shall be committed by by c ttluri, i t such justice or two commissioners, by warrant under his or their commimd. hand and leal, or hands and seals, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, unless such line, forfeiture, or penalty shall be sooner paid; and every inch line, forfeiture, or penalty when api>i'cuion paid, shall be applied by such justice or two commissioners, in rewarding the party or parties by whose evidence the offender or offenders shall be convicted, and the con (fables or other persons who shall be aflilting in such conviction, partly to one and partly to the other, as such justice or two commissioners shall deem proper.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, commifli-That any two commissioners of the said road, and every justice j.,:iiCc may of the peace of the county, shall have power within his jurisdic-

lion to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be necessary for the purpofo of carrying this act into execution; and if any person or persons shall wilfully aflirm P;rr"1 "ha or swear falsely, every such person shall upon conviction, suffer affirm frlfriy the pains and penalties enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, whyreoaiu

' t / , prefeubed,

That in all cases where any oath is prescribed or mentioned in i-c. affirms-this act, the affirmation of the party if a quaker, shall be sufficient in the place of inch oath. ficlent-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no dillrcfs to he taken, or lum or sums of money to he u.ihwful on levied pursuant to this act, shall he deemed unlawful, nor shall the "D"0°rj|jly. party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or tref- but damages passers, for or on account of any default or want of form in any covered by proceedings relating thereto, or of any irregularity which shall or

may afterwards arise, but the person or persons who shall or may be aggrieved by such irregularity, shall and may recover full satisfaction for the specia! damages he, flic, or they shall thereby sustain by action on tile case.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All foid That every part of the present line of the said road, and of any be subject to new line or lines of road, to be made pursuant to this act, shall cnhuT"

9T? be onb-

8i2 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

'793-Chap. 22.

Cominifficners am] ovcifctn have like powers as are appointed by road aft 36 Geo. 3.

Cotirniiffi*

cners may

agree with proprietors of adjoining lands, fur so much as may he necessary for aUcrirg ro,:d;

he subject to the powers of this act, and to no other law v/hat-soever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every commissioner of the faitl road, and every overseer who shall be by them appointed, shall in refnedt to the f.iid road, have the like powers and authorities as overseers appointed under the ad of the thirty-sixth year of his nrefent Majesty's reign, entitled, rln act for the amendment of publick roads, for directing the power of grand juries resetting prefcnlments, and for repealing several laws heretofore made for those purposes.

Xl.I And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (ha! and may he lawful for any thirteen or more of the said commissioners to agree with the several proprietors and occupiers, and other persons interfiled in the several lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, adjoining-to any part or parts of the said road, they shall deem ucceiTary to be widened, altered, or (hr.rtcned, for so much of such adjoining lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as they shall deem necessary to he added to the said road, and with the content

of such proprietor, oceupic-r, or person intcrefled to ascertain, def-cribc, ami let apart such part or paits of such adjoining lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments as they shall deem nceeflary for carrying the said road in new lines Ids hilly and more convenient and lafe (or travellers houses, and to fence such new lines on both liJes thereof, l'o as to open the fame, to be and remain a part or parts of the said road from thenceforth, «»-ners of and that from the time such new line or lines of new road shall be rd""dri ml<le and opened, the person or persons who was or were occu-nny enjoy oM pjer or occupiers o( the ground to be set apart for such new line change, or lines of road, shall and may from thenceforth hold and enjoy miy enclose muc*' of such old road as shall be altered or changed, in satisfaction and exchange of the ground to be made use of, in making such new line or lines, if the same person or persons is, are, or shall be the occupier or occupiers of both the old and new line or lines to be so altered and changed as aforesaid, and that from the time such new line or lines of road shall be fully completed, such person or persons as are or shall be the occupier or occupiers as aforesaid, shall and may at his, her, or their expence, inclose and fence up such part or parts of the old road so to be changed, and the same shall not he liable to be again laid open.

l.OTiHmay

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, iraitd'c?1*’ That it shall and may be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate conveyed to or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, administra-

2 tors,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. >813

tors, trustees anil guardians, committees or other trustees, not only A.D. on behalf of themselves, but also on behalf of ccjltti quc trusts, l79‘-K infants, or issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, feme coverts, or other persons, and for all feme coverts ifeed in their own right, and for comm’.ffion-ail persons having an estate for life only, with remainders over, m^contraa, and for all anil every other person or persons whatsoever, who is or shall be seized, possessed of, or interesteil in any ground, which shall be necessary for the purpose aforesaid, to demil’e, lease, or convey for ever, -or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or during their respcfUvc interests, to the commillicmers of the faiil road, by private agreement with any thirteen or more of them, or by the valuation of a jury, as herein after dwelled; and all leases, sales and eonveyances, which shall he so made, shall be en- clii-.fn.-mM-rolleil' in the chief remembrancer's office of the court of exchequer,

within six months after executing the fame, and when so enrolled, 6 monttu. shall he valid to all intents and purposes, any law, statute, or usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, in any "wise notwithstanding; and all feoffees in trull, executors, -administrators, guardians, committees-or trustees, corporations aggregate or foie, and all-other persons, are-anil shall be hereby imlemnilied for what they shall do, by -virtue of, or in pursuance of this" act.

XLIII. And be it further enu&eil by the authority aforesaid, If p«foo.

\ uucrelted in

That 11 any such owner, proprietor, occupier, committee, body rUch lands, politick, corporate-or collegiate, aggregate or foie, executor,-ad-Jl’' ministrator or guardian, or any other person or persons-in any s

wife intcrefled in any such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, jury M be grounds or hereditaments, not being an-otchard, -yard, -or:planted qXT'aj°ii'"r'-walfc, lawn or avenue, after-fourteen days -notice -in -writing shall',j; be personally given to, -or-left-for him, -her, -or them, at-his, her, or their dwelling-house, or houses, or ..place or -places of abode, or at the head office or offices -of such body -politick, corporate or coilegiate, or -at the hotife of - the tenant in possession of such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds -or hereditaments, except as before excepted, shall neglect or reful’e to demil'e, lease, or convey any liich lands, tenements, houses, grounds and hereditaments, part or parts thereof, or their interest therein, for the purpefes aforeCiid, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing for the fame, then, and in all or any of such cases, the said coir.missioners, or any thirteen or more ol them, shall cause it to be enquired into, and afccrtaincil by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men, of the county, wherein the lands and tenements lie, which oath any thirteen or

m nr.

1j conirr.iffi.jncri may itininton jury ami wiii.c:i"ci, Jrum time to time.

c.ik’s may be executed for fu:a rent-a; shall be af-cciiaim'J by jury, or pre-ihiics may be parchafeJ.

agreement?, verdi^s, See. to be enrolled, and shall be conclufu’c, against all panic?.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

more of fitch commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer, what annual rent shall be paid, or what reeornp-.nl'; fi.nl! be given to such owner, occupier, proprietor, or other person or persons interested for, or Upon account of the widening the said toad, or any part or parts thereof, or for laying out, or malting any nev; line or Hues of road through.his or their lands; a,.J for that purpose the said commissioners, or any thirteen or inert of them, are empowered and required iioni time to iim:-, as ;!ic;c shall he ocealion, to summon and call before the said jury, and examine upon -oath, any person or persons whatsoever, who C-.d! he thought necessary or proper to he examined as a -.vitncU cr witnesses, touching or concerning the premiSles; which orti-. a;-.y thirteen or move cf tltc said commissioners, arc Hereby ar.pnv.’ti ;.j and required to administer, and at the desire and request of any party, such jui'y Shall vietv. the place or placer, in ipteilb.n, and shall. use all other lawful ways and means, for their belter information in the premitfes; and alter the said jury Shall have lo enquired into, and ascertained what annual rent, or other-recompense Shall be paid or given, any thirteen or more of the said commissioner--, may accept of, and execute a lease or leases for such rent, as Hull be agreed upon, or as shall he ascertained in manner aforesaid; o; in case the premisses are to lie purchased, may thereupon accept a conveyance thereof, and order and adjudge the sum or Sums of money so agreed upon or assessed by the jury,.as Jbr annua! rent, or lor inch purchase or purchases to he, paid to-. the persons interfiled in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds or hereditaments; every of which-agreements, conveyance, verdict or inquisition, and the order and adjudication to he so had and made thereon, shall and may, at the instance of any thirteen or more of the said commissioners, he enrolled in the chief remembrancer’s office of the court of exchequer in Ireland, and Shall be final and condusive against all parties or persons whatsoever at law in equity, or otherwise claiming, or to- claim in possession, reversion, remainder or otherwise, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators and successors, as well absent as present,

infants, feme coverts, idicts, hmaticks, and persons under any disability, bodies politick, corporate, collegiate, aggregate cr foie, as well as all other person1 or persons whatsoever; and every such owner, occupier and proprietor, and all and every person and persons interested in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds or hereditaments so demised or purchased as aforesaid, Audi thereby be from thenceforth, to all intents and purposes, subject to such ieafe or leases as shall he made thereof, or.if ibid, Shall he dive-fled

of

V

The ihlrty-eivjjtb Year of George III.

of all rights, claims, intcrclls or property of, in, to, or out of the A.D. fame; and for the summoning and returning of such jury and 179^. juries, the said conimillicners, or any thirteen or r.-.oic of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, to ill'uc their warrant mnin.-rnf or warrants to the Iberia of the comity, in which the said lands i','?'".'’!

(ha!1 be, tlierJ'y requiring him to impaniu-l, (mmnr.n, and rctui'n an indifferent jury, of not let’s than twenty-four person?, to appear before any thbteen or more of the said eonimillioncrj, at fitch time and place, as by such warrant they shall appoint, of which time and place, inch notice to be serve-J as aforesaid, shall lie given to ail person and perl-ms interested, fourteen, days previous to the meeting of Inch jury; and the said (iierilf is hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such twenty-four personss accordingly, and out of the persons so impannelled, summoned and returned, or out of fudi of them as shall appear, the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall cattle to he Avon-, twelve, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and for default of a fu-fieient number of jurymen appearing, llic laid llieriff shall, if required by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or "more of them, return 1b many byc-stamlers, as shall be nc~ eeflliry to make up the number cf twelve, to serve on fuel; jury.

XLIV. Provided always, That all persons concerned find I have Cliaficnsw, their lawful challenges, li’ut not to challenge the array of the pan.nel with rcl'pcA to any of the said jury when they come to be sworn, and the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of th.m, shall eomm'flV-n-have power from time to time, to impose anybreasonable (me or fines, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds llcring, on (itch Iheiiif I- i :i.s, a=*i

J 1 . . i i t»*

or any of his bailiff or bailiff-, or agenls, as shall make default in the premises, or any of the person or persons, who shall be Inm-moned and returned oil such pannel, who shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on Inch jury, or to give their verdict, or in any manner wilfully shall nogL£t their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and on any of the persons required to give evidence touching the premiles, who shall refuse to be examined and give evidence, and from time to time, iw-.rr.im-. nny to iffite their warrant to levy such fine and lines of the goods ami ^ruci, chattels of such person lb fined, whcrcinever they may be found. ‘«x'~

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all such lb.ns of money Rem ami as shall be agreed for or aiberrained, 2s aforesaid, whether for an- J!rv701*,' nual rent, or for the purchase of such ho-ifes, lands, tenements, -T,'11 ut ot buildings, grounds, or hereditamentr, so to be taken in, or made9U 2 part

upon pav-jncnl cf rir.t, or tender, or refusal thereof, or if title be difpeted, upon lodging money in the bark, commissioners may order grounds to be added to load.

7’he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

part of the said road, or for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be paid out of the produce of the tolls, arising by virtue of this act, to the person or persons who shall be entitled to receive the lame, in such proportions as shall be ascertained by the jury; and that upon payment of such.annual rent or purchase money, or tendet . being made thereof, and refusal.to.accept the fame, or in case any person or persons, who according to their respective interests, is, are or "dial! he entitled thereto, shall after fourteen days notice to be prcviouHy served, as aforesaid, refuse-or neg'.cft to receive the same, or to execute a proper lease or deed of conveyance,' to the said commissioners, according -to the nature and circurastances ci . the.agreement, as shall be lb piade or ascertained, as aforesaid, cr in case the title shall be d.ifputed then upon the said rent or purchase money, being by order of the said commissioners, lodged in the bank of Ireland, tinder an order or petition to (lie court of cxcho-quer for that ptirpose, it-shall be lawful for any thirteen or more of the said commissioners, to order their-workmen, and labourers to add such houses and grounds to the said road for the purposes aforesaid, or to make foot paths thereon, without the let, hindrance or interruption of any person whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any. thirteen or more of the said commissioners, shall have mimiterail povver and authority to, swear such jury, and to administer ali «athe for c*a-.oaths neccifiiry for the examining into, and ascertaining such an-..m<pingK c. nuair i-ent-.o!- purclnife money, as aforesaid, or.in.any way respecting fitcit trial and examination.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annual rent Jo. to be, agreed on or ascertained, as aforesaid, shall be paid from time-to time by half-yearly payments, to the person or persons.who shall be entitled thereto, the first payment thereof-to begin, and to be made at-the end of six calendar months,next, after such ground Hull be taken-and possessed, by the said commissioners, as pact or parcel of the said road, and the person or persons entitled-to receive the same,-shall, during the continuance of this act, have the fame estate and interest in such rents, as he, file, or they, would have had in the said grounds, in case this act had never been-made.; and in default.of payment by the said commissioners, within thirty days after the same shall become due, and shall have been-demanded from the treasurer of the said road, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons, who shall from time to time, be entitled to the said rents, or any part of t! cm, to commence-or prosecute, one or more actions at

law,

i % Com-ajnffioncxs may f\\*ar jury* ami ail-

Rent to be , paid half yearly, and persons receiving it shall have fame elhtc and interclls in rents, :&c.

actions may bj com-tr.cnc.'d ngainll treasurer, ij unt be not paid witiii'. 30 <3i\ s mr he ing aril

3

The t/jirty-agiJib Year of George III. 817

].nv, on the case, or in debt, again! iu.h tre.tfurer for non pay- A.D.

incut of such rent, an.! lLall and may upon inch action or actions, 179$-

recover the money i!ic:i due, together with his, her, or their full

colls of fiuit, a:u! have Inch remedies for the fume, as are allowed Sudunorcy nr , 10 be iibim-n!

hv law m other calc-, winch said money with colts lo recovered .0 ucafurci.

when paid, shall he allowed to iuJi treasurer on his account with the said commissioners.

Xl.Vlli. And be it further enacted hv the authority aforesaid, U;c:i|wy-

c mcmorion-

That upon payment of Inch sum as shall be agreed for or alcer- dor,commii-

tained as aforesaid, by any fitch jury, or upon such tender and

reftifal thereof, it shall be lawful for thirteen or more of the said c[:

commissioners, to order and attthotize ar.y person or persons they

/ball think proper, to take polfe-Hion of the ground lo to he taken in for the purpose aforesaid; and tiic IherilT is hereby required ji, r;, T ,0 njve

upon demand, and in virtue of a precept to he to him directed by yufl.Ebn.

the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, under their hands and Teals, in cale fitch shall he found neceflliry, to give

the poii’ellion of fitch grounds as shall he therein mentioned and

defetihed to the said co.uiniHioners; and in case such f on be- sber'ir.

ine paid, on tender made lo him of such like fee as l>y law is usual rnr

J . 10 days after

to be given to a ihcriii on executing a writ of babere facias pojfef- teaming his ftmwn, shall within ten days after delivery of Inch precept, refuse pr!cTpl'ihMt orncidcft to execute and obey the fame, evety fitch flicriff shall be b-tabic io

0 J 7 J puoilliment

subject to such punishment by fine or attachment as his Majesty's by court of court of exchequer, on application or complaint to be there made lxc*u-‘l"c'" again! liim, shall in such case award or itnpose.

XLIK. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gm.iju-That it shall and may he lawful to and for the grand juries for the "ni| ’{ county of Cork, and county of the ciry of Cork respectively, at any assizes which shall be holden after the passing, and during the bib')/'" continuance of this act, to present that such sum or sums of money tr r.pdrs as shall be requisite, shall lie raised on the said county, or county of the said city at large, to be expended in building, rebuilding, enlarging, repairing, or altering any bridge or battlement, or part of a bridge or battlement, across any ftrcatn, river, or rut within their respective counties, which shall intersect any part of the pre-ient line of the said road, or of any new line or lines of road which shall be made pursuant to this act, and the judges of assize at every such assizes, are hereby required to confirm every fuclt presentment.

L. Provided always, That no sum shall be prefeitted for building, rebuilding, enlarging, repairing, or altering any such bridge

Vol. XVIII.9X ’ or

818

A.D. 179S. Chap. 2.1.

Affidavit 10 be made. v. hen

lor r. bi iupcis on a t.tvv list*.

R’qutfttes to be performed on grattUGg pre-i'entntents; and G. juries verted witit: powers relative to

bridges, as by

- other acts, and money ae-

cratnicd for in , like manner.

Regulations where; bridges are to be built on boundaries between co. ami city, as by 36 b’eo. 3.

I’roxiOons - vn other acts, fvir sodden bre.ichtfl. extended to this.

Suits for matters done «;n puriiiance of this ail, rtiall commence within fi in nths and o.- . . i in eo.

ifc!:y

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

or battlement, or part of-a bridge or battlement, on any new line or lines of the said road, ur.less it flail appear by affidavit of ttvo credible persons who can read and write, that Inch new line or lines is or are necessary to shorten the distance, or to avoid a hill or hills, for the greater safety and convenience of travellers, ot that such new line v/il! benefit the hitercourse between any two parts of the said road.

LI. And provided also. That no money shall he presented, un-lless the fame forms and other requisites shall he pursued, and ob-Terved as under the road acts now in being, or that now are or hereafter shall be enacted, are or shall berequired relative to bridges upon publick presentment roads, and the said respective grand juries shall have all such and the like powers as are or shall be veiled in grand juries with respect to bridges, by the several acts nowin force, or to be made, for amending the publick roads, and that all monies so to be presented, shall be accounted for in the same manner and by such like affidavits, and under the like regulations in all respects as now are or shall be.enacted:in respect to bridges on such publick roads.

LII. And provided.also, Thatiif such stream, river, or rut, over which such bridge or bridges 'shall be necessitry to be built, rebuilt, enlarged, repaired, or altered, shall be the boundary between the said-county of Cork, and the county of the said city of Cork, in,such case thedike-regttlations with reljteft to bridges, which arc tthe boundaries between two adjoining counties, and in respect to accounting for, and the'treasurer paying the money -presented, as are required by the herein before recited act of the thirty-listli -year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the amendment of publick roads, for direfiling the power of grand juries respefiling preferments, and for repealing ills several laws heretofore made for thfe purposes, shall be abferved.

:I.Ilt. And be it further enabled-by the authority aforesaid, That all provisions by the road acts -made or to be made for repairing sudden breaches in bridges on the public!:' roads, shall extend to :the said road as it now runs, or any new line or lines thereof to be made pursuant to this act.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all or any suit or suits for any thing done in pursuance of this act, shall he commenced within six calendar months after the fast, and shall bedaid in the county of Cork, or in the county of the city of Cork, and not elsewhere, and that the defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in 1 evidence,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

evidence, and that the fame was done by authority of this act; and if it shall appear that liich action was brought after the time hereby limited, or in any other county, or if the jury shall find for the defendants, or if the plaintiff shall discontinue or fufler a non-fiat after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer, judgment shall be had against the plaintiiF, the defendants shall recover treble costs in such fitits, and have like remedy as any other defendants in other causes.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force for the term of forty-one years, from the last day of this present session of parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a public!: ad, and shall he judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without fpc-cially pleading the same.

819 A.D.

Treble costs to iff/er.d* ants, If plain* t.lf he non* lulled, fcc.

In force t[ \ years from la It dnv of this stiflion, and to end of the then next reffi 11.

A puMicf; aft.

CHAP. xxra.

An Act granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned\ upon 'Hides mid Shins tanned, and on Hides and Skins drefjed in 0/7, and upon Vellum and Parchment, and upon Mamt-

JaElures of Leather.

W’£ your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subj:dts, the commons of IvcVrsnd, in parliament assembled, towards ratfing the necessary supplie? for the support of your Majesty's government, have resolved to grant unto your Majesty, your heirs and fueccflors, the duties heiein after mentioned* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be granted, levied, collect'd and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclnlive, for ami upon the several hides and.skins, and all parts and pieces thereof, tanned or drolled in oil, and ’manufactures of leather, and for and upon all vellum and parchment mentioned ami set forth in the schedule or tabic hereunto annexed, which fh»U bo imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the ii.T.saierespectively described and set forth in figures in the find schedule or table, ’.v i.eh duty shall be in lieu and full satisfiiclion of all euflom*, subsidies and dutio- v. ..tfu’ver, payable upon the importation of such goods, wares, and merohandi: :i£0 this kingdom., and that upon the exportation of such goods, wares ami mcichvHzc, such drawbacks as are herein after mentioned, fill'll be paid.

II. And be it enacted, That there shall be raised, collected, h*v:eil and paid unto} and for the uf; of your Majesty, your heirs and successorr., for ;.:ul upon all hide*.

9X2

820

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. :tn(i frhis, and pieces of hides and skins herein after mentioned,' which shall at any time or times from and after the twenty-fifth day of March,' one thounmd-feren hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fcvcti hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, be tanned within this kingdom, the several anil respective rates and duties herein after expressed; that is to say, for and upon every such hide and (kin, or piece of any such hide or (kin which shall be tanned, of what kind or denomination soever, other than such as are herein after described and men* honed, the sum of one penny for every pound weight avoirdupoize thereof, and after such rate for any greater or lcfs quantity; for and upon all hides of horses, marcs, or gcldings, the sum of one Hulling for every hide; for and upon all skins called veal Heins, and all ikins of hogs, the sum of five findings for every dozen thereof, and nf-

ter the fame rate for any greater or lcfs number; for and upon all skins for fiscci, and other like purposes, and allfcal-fr ins, the funi of two shillings and fix. pence for every dozen thereof, and after, the fame rate for any greater or lcfs number; and for and upon all skins for book-binders use, the sum of one Hulling for every dozen thereof, and after the fame-rate for any greater or lcfs number; and for and upon all goat skins tanncd\rithsfliumack,-or otherwise, to referable SpanHh leather, and all ilieep skins tanned for. roans, being after the nature of Spariiln leather, (he sum of

one penny'for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof; and for and upon all ilieep ' ftins and lamb skins tanned for gloves and hafils, one halfpenny for every pound

- weight.avoirdupois, thereof, anti proportionably for any greater orless quantity;

- the said several duties to be paid by the tanners of such hides and ikins, and pieces of . hides and skins respectively.

III. ’And be it enacted, That there shall be also raised, collected, levied and paid,

to and for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon all hides and ikins herein after mentioned, which shall at any time or times, during the time

aforesaid, be drolled in oil, in this kingdom, the respective rates and duties herein after expressed j that is to say, for and upon every such hide and skin, or piece of such hide or'frin, of what kind or denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein after described and mentioned, the sum of two pence for every pound weight . avoirdupois, thereof; for and upon all deer skins, goat skins, and’beaver skins, the sum of threepence for every pound weight avoirdupois, thereof; for and upon all calf frins, the sum of two’pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, thereof; and for ami upon all flieep’frins and Iamb frins, the sum of one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof, Wd proportionably for any greater or lcfs quantity of such hides and frins; the saul several duties on hide's and frins dressed’ in oil,

to be paid by the' oil drcflers.of such hides and ikins respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That, there shall be also raised, levied, collected and paid, for and upon all vellum and parchment, which shall at any time or times during the time aforesaid, be made, within this kingdom, the rcfjic£live rates and duties herein after expressed,; Itliat'is to say, for'and upon every dozen ikins of vellum, the sum of six pence;smd for and.upon every dozen frins of parchment, the film of three .-pence, mfd^roportionably for any greater or‘less quantity of such vellum and I parchment; 7the said duties to bc.paid by the makers of such vellum* and parchment trefpe'ctively. V 1 'V. 'And for avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kinds (of hides' and skins, and pieces of hides and frins chargeable with duty; be it enacted, That by tanned hides and ‘frins, ‘and tanned pieces of Judes and frins, are

meant such as are tanned in ooze, made of the bark of trees, or ihuniack, or

whereof the principal ingredient shall be such bark or fltumackand. that by hides and skins dressed in oil, or.pieces of hides and ikins dressed in oil, are meant such as are made into leather in oil, or with any liquor or material, whereof the chiefest

ingredient shall be oil*.

Ths thirty-eighth Year of George III. 8;

VI. And for the better cohering ami levying thy f.id duty tanned hides A. . I), and (kin's, and upon hides and skins dreflvd in oil, and on vellum ami parchment j 1 798. be it enacted, Th.u from and after the twenty-fifth day of MArch, one tlmaf.md Chap. 25. feren hundred and ninety-tight, no tanner, basil-t.mner, currier, Sjunish leather 'V'-*-'’ drcflVr, or other dresser of hides or (kin* <*r pieces of Tides or ikin«, to be tanned or drt'fled in ooze, mill, oil, or other ma‘eria/a, or any ranker of vellum or parchment, shall make ufuof any tan-hnufr, tan-yml, wmk-hc-ufo, mill, (lore, or other place for the tanning or clrcflitig, drying or L-eping of hides or skins. or pieces of hides or skins, or for nuking r.ny vclinm or parchment, cr of any pit or vat for tanning or drefitng hides or sains, or pieces ol iiides 01 ikies, or for making any vellum or parchment, unless he or fl:e shall have giwn notice iu writing to the coJJe&or of the district it) v.'h/cb he or Ihc Jlj.iIJ irfloV, of his or her name and surname, and place of abode, and of every tan yard, tan-hnufc, or other yard, and work-house, mill, (lore, and other place, by him or her to he used for the tanning, drolling, and drying or keeping of any hides or skins, or for making any vd-lum or parchment, and of the number and fltuauon of the pits and vats therein respectively, for'tanning or dre fling such hides or skins, nr pieces thereof, or for making vellum or parchment; and if any person shall tan or dress, or cause to be tinned or drolled, any hide or hides, /kin or Ik-ns, or nuke any vellum or parch" mint, or shall make life of any tan lumfo, lan yard, or other yard, work-house, mill, or other place, or any pit or vat therein, or any (lore for life tanning or drcT- fin;, drying or keeping of hides or Ikies, or pieces of hides or skins, or for making vellum or parchment before he or flic shall have given such notice, such person flu! forfeit twenty pounds for every day any such (lore, t.m-house, tan-yard, wotk-house, null, or other place, or any such pit or vat shall he used for any of the purposes aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That every tanner and dresser of hides or skins, and every maker of vellum and parchment, shall from time to time, before any bide or Mies, (kin or Anns, or any piece or pieces of any hide or hides, or (kin or skins, shall be taken, out of the mill, optic,.liquor, oil, or other material, in any tan-yard or other yard, or in any vat or pit used by him or tier for tanning, deeping, or dreffin* any hides or skins, to be dried or otheruife disposed of, give forty-eight hours notice in writing to the officer of escife in charge of the walk in which such (an-yard, or other yard or place shall be, of the time when any hide or hides, or stein or skins, or any piece or pieces of any hide or hides, or (kin or skins, or any vellum or parchment, shall be taken out of the mill, oo2e, liquor, oil, or other material, in order to he dried or otherwise disposed of j and for every default of giving such notice, every such tanner, dreflir, and maker, making such default, shall forfeit tire ity pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every tanner and dresser of hides and skins, and maker of vellum and p.uchmcm, shall from time to time permit any officer of cx-eife, and every such officer is hereby empoweied to take an account of the number and qu-lity of all hides or lkins, and pieces of hides or /kins, vellum and parch-incur, which shall be taken out of t/ie coze, mill, liquor, oil, or other materials, in order to be dried or otherwise disposed of} and every such tanner,'dresser, and maker shall within two days after such taking out,' and before the carrying away of sny fucti hide or hides, or (kin or skins, or any piece or pieces of any hide or hides, cr (kin or skins, vellum or parchment, from the tan-yard, tan-house, or other yard or place belonging to such tanner, dresser, or maker, or from the usual place or places, where such hides or Anns, or pieces thereof, or such vellum or parchment arc or shall be usually dried, make true entry with the collector of the district, or surveyor, or gauger, in the walk, of the number and quality of every of the hides wul skins, and pieces of hides and ikins, vellum and parchment so taken out of the

Vol. XVIII.9Y 002c

: S*2 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

ooze, mill, liquor, or other materials, from the time any hides or flans, or piece; cl 1798. hides or skins comprized in the Iaft preceding entry, were taken out, fuel) time to

Chap. be particularly described and also the purpo&s for which they arc respectivelyaffiipt-

\m*-*r*-J- ed, and for which they are respectively intended by him or her to be used; ami

shall verify fitch entry by affidavit upon oath, which oath anycolkftor, fu!>conumf-(ioner, or surveyor in his Majesty's revenue, is empowered and required tc admin!, fter; and for every default of any such tanner, dreficr, or maker, in making such entry, or verifying the fame by affidavit as aforesaid, he or Hie shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

I if. And be it enacted,' That it shall and may he lawful for any officer of uc:fc, at any time in the day time to enter any tan-yard, work-house, mill, or other yard or place used by any tanner, currier, ordreflerof hides or ikins, or by any maker of vellum ami parchment, or any place where any such dial) be, toiearch and feeuluc . quantities of hides or ikins, and pieces of hides or skins, vellum and parchment, l:c

taken out of the mill, ooze, liquor, oil, or other material, to be dried or made fa ' for falc or use; and also into the houses and other places belonging to every deakr

in leather, and in every place where tanned leather, leather dressed in oil, or vdlum or parchment flinll be stored, or shall be kcpjt to be weighed or fold, or mnnufai-

tured, to search and fee whether the hides ?nd skins, vdlum and parchment therein be duly llamped; and if any tanner, currier, drc'ifer of hides or Heins, maker of vellum or parchment, dealer in leather, vellum or parchment, or owner or occupier

of any such place as aforesaid, or his or her servant, shall ref use such entrance to any officer of excise, or not permit such officer to enter as aforesaid 5 every such tan* r Tier, currier, dreficr, maker of vellum or parchment, dealer in leather, or vellum or . parchment, owner or occupier, who or wliofj servant shall refuse, or not permit such entrance as aforesaid, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any tanner, currier, dreficr of hides or ikins, maker- of vellum or parchment,

or dealer in leather, or vdlum or parchment, his or her servant, shall not on demand made by any officer of excise, at the tan-yard or other place of such tanner,

- currier, dreficr, maker or dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, where any hides or skins, or vellum or parchment are kept, fticw such officer all the flock of hides and Heins, and pieces of hides and Heins, and vellum and parchment in the possession of such tanner, currier, dreficr, maker or dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, or shall not permit such officer to take an account thereof, every such tanner, currier, dresser, maker and dealer, shall for every neg!e£t or refusal by him . or her, or by his or her servant, forfeit twenty pounds; and if any person shall fraudulently conceal any hides or ikins, or pieces of hides or Heins, or any vellum , or parchment, to the intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the duty payable thereon, then and in every such case, such person shall for every such offence forfeit twenty poundsj. and all hides and ikins, and pieces of iiides and (kin, tanned or dressed, or in the process of tanning or dressing, and all vellum and parch- ment which shall be found in any tan-yard, tan-house, mill, work-house, or other

yard or place,' for which, a license in force shall not have been granted, or of which such notice to the collector of the district as aforesaid, shall not have been given; and all hides and Heins, and pieces of hides and ikins, and vellum and parchment

which shall have been removed and carried away before die duties payable for t!ie fame shall be charged and entered as by this nek is directed, or which shall not b: ffiewn to any officer 01 excise after demand as aforesaid, or which shall be fraudulently hidden or concealed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and all hides and ikins, and leccs of hides and ikins tanned or dressed as aforesaid, and all vellum and parchment found in any place belonging to any tanner, dreficr of leather, or maker of vellum or parchment, of which such

Tie thirty-eighth Year of George III. 823

such notice as aforesaid, (haJJ not have been given, shall be leaned and taker.*to he concealed.

X. And be it enacted, That every tanner, and ever)’ drefitr of hides and skins, and every maker of vellum and parchment. frail from time to time, before any hides or il:in$, or pieces of hides cr skins, or any veJ.’um rr parchment shall be removed from any of his, her, or their yards, werk-houses, or other places of drcfling, drying, or keeping the fame respectively, give two days notice in writing to the officer of ex-eife, of all hides or skins, and pieces thereof, amt all vellum and parchment which he, she, or they shall intend to remove; to the intent that the officers of excise may afccrt.ua the duties pnyabV. for the fame, according as the same are chargeable by weight or tale; and every tanner and drcfler, and maker, shall permit any officer of excise, at his or her yard or place where such lihit's or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or vellum or parchment, shall be dried or kept, to weigh and take an account of the numbers and quality thereof, and of the weight of such hides and skins, or pieces of hides or skins, as are chargeable with duty by weight, before the fume shall be removed from the places of drying and keeping the fame respectively.

XI. And be it enacted, That when the duties chargeable on any hides or skins, and pieces of hides and /kins, vellum or parchment, frail be ascertained, the officers of evcife shall enter in a book the refnef live weights anti numbers, and qualify of a! such hides and (kin^, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, whereof the duties shall have been so ascertained at aforesaid*; and flint! make a return or report thereof in writing to the collector of the district, leaving r. copy thereof under his hand with the respectiv_* tanners ordreflers of such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and Heins, anti the makers of such vellum and parchment; which return or report shall be a charge on the tanners or dralers of such hides and skins, and pieces cf such hides and skins, and the makers of such vellum and parchment respectively.

XII. And be it enacted, That immediately from and after the duty of such hides and skins, and piece- of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, shall be ascertained by weight or tale, as aforesaid, and an entry thereof made in a book to be kept by the officer or officers who shall have to ascertained the fame, such officer or officers shall cause every hide and (kin, and every piece of a hide and (kin, and all vellum and pardiment, whereof the duty shall be lb ascertained, to be marked with such mark as this act directs to be used, to denote the charging of such duty as ntbriTaid: Provided aheay;, That in case any tanner or drcfler of such hides and skins, or maker of such vellum or parchment, shall desire that the said mark be made upon any particular part thereof, then the officer marking the fume, shall mark such bide or (kin, vellum, or parchment accordingly; and officers in marking hides and (kms, and vellum and parchment, shall do none, or the Jeait damage that may be to the same.

XIII. And for the better ascertaining of the duty chargeable on hides and skins, and pieces of hides and (kirn, and on vellum and parchment, and for preventing frauds between the officers of carafe and txnuers, drdfers, and makers thereof; be it enacted, That every such tanner and drcfler, and maker of vellum and parchment, frail keep all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins', and all vellum and parchment, which have not been duly stamped by any officer of excise, fe-pnrate from all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, which frail have been duly stamped with the (lamp denoting the charging of such duty; and shall also keep all such la(l mentioned hides and skins, vellum and parchment, separate front all other hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, which at any time or times before had been stamped for the space of two days after the stamping thereof, unless the same shall have been9Y 2 sooner

A. J\ Chop. 2_v

8*4*

A.D.

>7<J8-

Chap. 23.

The thirty-eighth 2'ear of George III.

sooner re-weighed, or taken an account of by an htfpeflor or surveyor of excise, on pain of forfeiting for every offence therein the sum of twenty pounds; and if any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or Skins, or any vellum or parchment 11;! La removed or conveyed from the yard cr drying place, or Hores of any tanner, drcfllr, or maker thereof, before the expiration of two days next after the stamping thereof, unless the same shall sooner have been rg.iin weighed, or taken an account of by an inspector, surveyor, or other officer of excuc, the tanner or dresser of such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or lain ;, and the maker of such vellum or

parchment shall for every time he shall offend iicrcin, forfeit the hint cf twenty

pounds.

XIV. And be it mailed. That ctery person v.ho shall tatt or dress any hides or

skins, or pieces thereof, shall, at ivery o his or lier yards, cr place, used by him

or her for drying hides and skins' provide and keep, at his or her ovr. a ils and

charges, fufliclent and just. feales and weights, for weighing and.re-weighing, ?!l such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and ikins, which shall he in their rcfjv.-c-live yards, and other pineJ'*, and fled! bihig or e.nife the fsnje to be brought id th? fcalcs, am! shall alfifl the officer:. of excise in weigliing ant! ve-v.vighing fuel hide; and skins, and pieces of hides and ikim;, in such manner as such officer-, shall thirk most convenient, and in examining, from time to time, the depending (lotk of hides and ikin-., and piece; of hides and skin;, of every tanucr and of

ic.i'Jicr.

XV. And be it cn.-cU d, '{I.at if upon any rc- weighing of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, the fame lhr.ll Ik: found to be of greater weight than :!;.* weight acavdintr to which the fame were respiclivily charged with duty on th: first weighing of the fame, all such hides and ikins, and pieces of !,ide> and skin?, fli'.ll be chared with duty, recording to such greater weight; and theeflrer of pxcise, wlm !;..II Ii vc rc-uvi/ «! l! e fame, shall make a return cr report thereof to the ankvflor of the difiiiu in tb.e same manner as any officer is hereby dincled to make a return or report of the first weighing thereof, and such rent n or report shall, in like mrnner, be a charge on the tanners and drtflfers thereof, respectively.

XV'I. And be it; mulled, That if any dispute or difference shall ariic between any tanner, diefler of leather, cr maker of vellum or parchment, or other person chargeab'e with ar.y of the duties aforesaid, and any officer of the revenue, ro-specling the amount of any charge made as aforesaid, the return or repoit in which fuel) charge tl all be contained, shall be verified by the oath of such officer, ly be made before one of the chief eoinmissioners, or one of the fub-eomwduioncra of excise, of the proper dillrict, who are respectively authorized to adminrller the fame, tli.it the return cr report so made by him, was truly and fairly made to the boil of Ids (kill and knowledge*, and thereupon such return or report shall be a charge upon the pafon or persons disputing the fame, and not othcnvtfc.

X.VII. And be it enacted, That every tanner, dresser of leather, and maker 01 vellum and p-.r.ciir.ient, shall pay off, and discharge all the duties charged upon him cr her in respe«fl of all such hides and skins, vellum and parchment, so marked as aforesaid, within one month, if in the city of Dublin, or the liberties adjoining, and within two months in all other parts of the kingdom, after the same shall be so marked and damped, as aforesaid, to the collector of the did riel ia which lie cr Ihe shall re fide; and such collector is hervby required to give receipts, for a:! the money he shall from time to time receive for the duties aferefiJd, to the person or persons who shall pay the same.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every fanner, dresser of leather, and maker of vellum ami parchment, chavg <1 with the said respective duties, who shall rejeci or refuse to make such payments, as aforesaid, within tb.e time aforesaid. Ilia! fer-

2 fei:

The thirty-nyhih Year of George III.

hit for every such offence double the amount of the duty, the payment whereof ])t

Hull not be To made, and shall not, after such default, lend, deliver, nr carry out, , jj

or fuller to be carried out. any hides or skins. or nieces of hides cl’ IkiiiS, or vellum '

ott, on pam oi torleiting the lum ot liity pounds, ami Uoi me me value oi nidi hides or skins, or vellum or parchment, delivered or carried out.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any tanner, or drclier of leather, dull not keep at every yard, or other place used by him or her for ikying or keeping hides ami skins, just fealesand weights, as this act directs, or tl.all, by hiinlelf orherfelf, or any person employed by him or her. not permit any officer of excise, who Avail desire to weigh or rc-weigh any hides, or skins, cr pieces of hides or skins, belonging to such tanner or droller at such yard, or drying places as afuief.iid. to weigh or rc-weigh the fame, or Audi, by himself or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, neglect, or refuse to bring the same to the kales, or to allift at weighing or rc-weighing the fame, in such manner as fuel? officer Audi think most convenient, every such tanner or dresser shall, for every default, neglect or offence iireuj, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any ofliecr of excise shall, at the yard, or other place of any tanner, or dresser, be flu milled with any unjust feales or weights for weighing or re-weighing hides or skins, or pieces of hides oi skins, or be -furmlhed with any fcalcs or weights, which on weighing or re-weighing any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, shall, by any device, not exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such tanner, or dresser shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XX. And whereas it is necessary for the collection of the duties on tanned Lather. leather dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment, that papers called speci-men papers, shall be put up, and preserved in the store-house of every tanner, dresser of leather, and maker of vellum and parchment, in order that officers of the revenue visiting their yards and stores, shall make an entry on such paper, of their visits at such places, respectively, and of all notices given of taking hides and skins out of the pit or ooze, or oil, or other materials, and of requiring the officers of excise to (lamp or mark the fame, and of the quantity, and different species ami quality of hides and ikins, and vellum and parchment stamped and marked by such officers; be it enacted, That every tanner, dresser of leather, and maker of wllutn and parchment, who shall be furmshed by any otficer of the revenue with any such specimcn paper, shall cause the same to be fixed on boards, conveniently made for that puTpose, and shall cause such specimcn paper so fixed, to be hung, polled, or put up in his or her flore-house, in the most public and conspicuous place, and preserve and keep the fame so polled, in such manner, that any officer of the revenue visiting at such flore-house may view the fame, and make entries thereon; and if any such tanner, dresser or m?1;er, as aforesaid, shall not port, or put up, or preserve such specimcn paper in manner herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted, he or she shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum Qf fifty pounds.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any hides or skins, or piece: of hides or skins, chargeable with any of the said duties, or any vellum or parchment, shall be removed or conveyed from the yard, work-house, drying-p! ’ , or stores, of any tanner, dresser, or maker thereof, before the duties payable thneon shall be fully charged by weight or tale, as this act in the respective caf<*.-. doth require, anti before such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or vellum or pirchment, shall be stamped or marked, to denote the charging of the said duties, the tanner, dresser, or maker, out of whose yard or other place, such hides and skins, or pieces of hides ami skins, or vellum or parchment, shall have been so removed or conveyed, and every buyer, contractor, or other person, who shall take away, or cause or

VOL. XVIII,97. procure

26 *she thirty-eighth Year of George III’.

A.D.

procure to be-taken from any such yard,1 or other place, any such hides or ikins, ot 1798. pieces of hides or'skins, or vellum or parchment, or m v/hofe possession any such "Chap. ^3* shall be found, 'shall for every offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all such L—-*v'"-*-' hides arid skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, which fliaflbe found many other place than' the yard, drying-place, or (lores of a licensed tanner, dresser of leather, or maker of vellum and parchment,’ without such (lamp or mark as aforesaid, to denote the charging of the said duties, or which shall k ' found in any place, with any false or forged mark or (lamp used to denote the charging of the said duties, or resembling any part of such mark or (lamp, shall be for. feited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXII. And be it cna£led, That every tanner and dresser of'any hides or skins, arid every maker of vellum and parchment, shall once in every three months at leaf!, settle an account widi the collector of the distri£l, in which he or flie shall rtfide, of and for the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment of such tanner, drelfer and inakcrj respectively, which within tire time of every such account, filial] have been taken out of the ooze, mill, limiory oil,*or other ingredients used for tanning or ftccping, dressing or making the f«TOe;nnd of his entries thereof, with the officers; and shall at the same time balance such account by hides ami skins, or pieces of hides or skins, and vellum and parchment, for

which the duty shall have have been charged, as aforesaid, and by such hides and skins, vellum and parchment then.rcriiaining in his hands unmarked, and for which -duty shall hot have been charged as aforesaid, which account every such tanner, dresser, and iriaker, shall truly-arid faithfully make, as aforesaid, under the penalty jof fifty pounds; and that every officer upon taking every fuclraccount, shall inform fiimfclf concerning (he truth or falsehood (hereof, to the end, that if such tanner, -dresser or maker, shall have unlawfully conveyed away arty of such hides or skins, contrary to lhis a£lj or shall have defrauded his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any part -of the duties hereby payable for the fame, he may be proceeded against, for the recovery of such duties, and of such penalties and forfeitures', as are by this u£l preferred Jor such offence.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fire or ireward shall be taken by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, from any tanner, dr dreflet of hides or skins, or any maker of vellum or parchment, or any other person, for any act or <lmy to be performed by such officer, in jmrfuahcc of this act, tinder the penalty of five pounds, to lie forfeited to the party aggrieved; for'everjr such oflence.

XXIV. And be it chatted, That the chlef commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, shall provide, or caiifc to beprovjded, marks Or Jllihtps, with Which ‘all hides and skins and pieces of hides arid skins, and vellum and ’parchment, impofted' as aforesaid, shall be marked or stariipcdj upon the payment of the duties thereof; and also marks and Humps, with which all hides and skins tanned and 'dressed, and all vcllurn and' parchment made in this kingdom, upon charging of the said respective duties for the fame, shall be'stamped or marked, and shall caiife the said respective marks or stamps'to be distributed to the proper officers, for tHc fcVcral purposes before mentioned; and such marks and stamps,'or any'of thcni, shall or may be riltered, changed, or renewed from time to time, as the chief comnriffioriers of Ids Majesty's revenue, or any thrce'or more of them shall think fit 5'arid' if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge any stamp or mark which shall1 be kept’or used for denoting the charging of any duty chargeable on hides'or’skins, or'on vellum and parchment, or shall counterfeit, mark Or impress, or cause‘,or:pro'cure to be counterfeited, marked or impressed u. on any hide or ikin, 6r': Any piece ‘of any hide or skin, or on any vellum or parchment, any mark or device to'refemhle any of the marks or devices aforesaid, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or succes-iors, of ’any of the duties hereby granted, or shall'utter, VenflrirTclI/'br enufe or ' 1 ‘procure

The thirtjrcighth. Year of George III. 827

procure to be uttered, vended or sold, any hide or (Un, or piccc.of any hide or ikm A.D. or any vellum or parchment with such counterfeit mark or iniprcfiion thereupon, 1798. knowing such mark or impression to Ik counterfeited, then every such person so Chap., 231 olKmding* being thereof convicte.l iti due form of law, Hull be adjudged a felon, J

and shall be transported for the term of seven years.

XXV. And be it enacted, That as often a $ the stamps or marks for denoting the charging of the duty on hides ami skins untied and dretfed:iti oil, and: on. vellum:' and parchment, or any of them, shall be altered or changed, notice thereof shall be given by the chief commissioners, or any three or more of them, in tl^e Dublin Gazette, for three successive nays of publication thereof 5 and that any person who Hull have in his-or her custody of possession, any hides or skins, marked with tJic ihmp or mark, before such time in ufr, may, whliiir such lime as the said commissioners shall by the said notice appoint,' not I of; than two months from the third day of the said publication of the said notice, require the officers of excite, authorized to (lamp hides rind Heins,1 ami vciluin and1 parchment, to stamp the fame; ami every such olf-cr is hereby required* without, fee or reward, within twenty-four hours after d maud, !to (lamp and mark the fame, with the new Ramp or maik which the said commissioners shall have provided, for denoting the charging of the said duty-

XXVI. And be it enacted, That after the expiration of the time fu lo be appointed, within which such hides and skins, amlpicccs of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment as had been Ramped or marked with the foinicr Ramp or marl:, used for denoting the charging of the said duties respectively, may be Ramped or marked'with the new Ramp or mark which shall have 1 «n provided; every hide or Jkin, or piece of any hide or (kin, tanned or dressed in oil, or any vellum or parchment, found in the possession.of any person, without such new cr altered or changed Jhmp or mark thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be feined by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That there Hull be allowed and paid to every person exporting tanned hides and (kin3, and pieces of tanned hides and skins, or any manufacture of tanned hides or skins, or hides or skins dressed in oil, or any manufacture thereof, or vellum or parchment on which the duty by this act charged shall Juve been paid, the fcvoral drawbacks following, as a compensatiomfor the duty by this act charged thereon $ that :s to say, upon every such hide and (kin, or piece of such hide or (kin tanned, the sum of one penny, for every pound weight avoirdupoise thereof; and upon any manufacture, whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, the sum of one penny halfpenny, for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois; and for and upon every pound weight avoirdupois, of all hides ami,

Ikins dressed in oil, other than as herein after mentioned, whether made into goods or wares or not, the sum of two pence; and for and upon every pound weight, avoirdupois, of all deer skins, goat skins, and beaver skins, tire sum of threepence} and for and upon every pound weight avoirdupois, of nil calve skins, the sum of two pence j and for and upon every pound weight avcirdnpoifc, cf Ihccp skins and lamb skins, the sum of one halfpenny *, and for ami upon every do? on ikins of vtl-

lum, the sum of six pence; and every dozen ikins of parchaw at, the sum of three pence;!'which payment shall be made by the collector of the port, from whence such hides or skins, or manufacture of hides or skins, or vellum nr parchment shall be exported out of any monies in his hands, arising from any aids or duties granted to your Majesty, upon the person or persons exporting the fame, performing regularly the fame requisites, and complying with the fame regulation1;, a* are or may be required by law to be made and observed, by perfous exporting anyarticlc whereon any drawback is payable, for obtaining the same.

9Z 2

XXVill. And

828 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXVIII. And be it drafted, That all and Angular the duties, rates and iuipofi-1798. tions, hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid umo your vGhap. 23. Majestjr, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, cx-u—~cept as to bounding the fame, or any discount for prompt payment, and all and every the fines, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and except such as are by this act otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied -in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act fa- the settling of the exeifet or new utipo/l, upon his Majesty, his heirs andfncccjfers, according to tie book of rates-therein inserted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of exeifet as fully and-effectually to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were 'particularly mentioned and expressed, and rc-enacted in this act, with the like remedyof appeal, to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any (Other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

A

'i he thirty-iighih Year cj Csur;v III.

A S C II E D U L E

Of the ]\ct Duties payable on (he Import;ion of Hides and bkins tanned or untanved, and upon Leather worked up into any Jviar.ufuOun s, or any M tnufaclure whcrco: Leather is the moil valuable l'art, whether imported directly from Great ttrilain, or from other Countries; and of the Duties payable upon the importation t L alt Hicks mid bkins, didkd in Oil, and of all Vellum and Parchment, over and above all (Alter Duties payable thereon, on the Importation Hereof; which Ditties lb paid, are, upon due Exportation thereof, within Three Years after Import, wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Count)y than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coal! of Africa.

I N \V A it D S. H I D It S.

Duff hides, the Ixioe

TVo-.i Cr, :r Brit. in IVm rjht

Ihiriih. i ouipu. Conn rh-,

/. r. t. d. /. j. ,1.

- 2 " 5 — 2 7 — 3 —

- , but if tanned, for evtry pound weight;

thereof, aioirdupou, a luvther duty of

Cow or Ox hides of Barb try, or Jilufcovy, the* hide

- , but if tanned, for every paus’d weight

thereof, avoirdupois, a further duty of

Cow, Ox, and Horic hides, in the hair, (not American) the pi:;*.*:

- , tanned, (not American) the

piece -

- and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Lolh hides, (not America:.) the piece

3*

9*

3s

"9— 11

- i o 1 3

- i \

1 5

- , but if tanned, for cvcrv pound

weight ther of, avoirdupois, a further duty of —

Red, or Mufeovia hides, tanned, coloured, or J uncoloureu, the hide -

i

- , and a further duty for 1

every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois —

9!'

I v

to

Vol. XV1IL

to A

Lack

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

From Great Britain. British. . Foreign.

'INWARD S. SKIN S.

Buck or Deer (Ians, in the hair, the (kin - dreiicd, the flan

' ll £ s‘ d-

but if tanned, a further!

duty for every pound weight thereof, avoir-dupoile

Calve (hir.r, In the hair, the piece - j" -

- , raw, the dozen - J9

- j tanned, the dozen -|1

- , and a farther duty for cwry pound!

v/tight thereof, avoirdupois

Cordovan t, of Scotland, the dozen

- f -hut if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Dog-fish skins for iletehers, the dmren -----4

- 9

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight.thcrcof, avoirdupois

Fox skins, dressed, the dozen -

but if t.-.nned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Goat skins, if raw and undressed, ami imported in British orlrish vessels, navigaud according to law, free.

-, of Barbary, or tie Haft country, in

the hair, the dozen skins

hut if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

From other Countries.

£ ' d.

- 4

'— 11

- i (t

- , of England and Scotland, hi the hair,

the dozen skins

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every pour.d weight thereof, avoirdupois [—

- , tinned, the dozen

- 9

- , and a further duty for every pound

weight thereof, avoirdupois

Huss skins for Octobers, the (kin

-—, but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, containing five score

-, dressed, the hundred, containing Eve

score

——, but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Portugal skins, the dozen skins

but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

- 43

- 43

3 3t

i ,* — 2 6 — 4 3 i— 4 n

- 2

- 4 3

4 ii

Seal

2

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

I

N W ARDS.

S K I N 3.

Seal ikins, if raw and undressed, taken by tJic crews of veflcis belonging to, and fitted out from this kingdom, Great llnuiti, Jerky, Guernsey, vr Man, and navigated according to law, free.

- , the fltiti,

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoiulupois

Siarross ftins, the dozen

\£. J. f s. ,1.

From Great Brit;

British.

Forcii'n

3

- _ hat if tanned, a furt? cr duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Sheep /kins, in the wool, the skin

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Spar.ifii, Turkey, Raft India, Seville or Cordc-vanilkhts, the dozen Skins

- , but if tanned, a furtherduty for

cverv pound wight thereof, avoirdupois

Spruce thius, tawed, die dozen

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Spruce, Muscovin, or Daufk fkii;s tanned, the dozen -

- , and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

- , all tanned hiles and skins, of

what kind soever, and ;.ll pans and pieces thereof, not being mmufachireil, and not being particularly enumerated oi defaihed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every Ttoo. of the value thereof, upon oath

and a finder duty for every

i. ,.t_., i____: /

3

I- 3

\- 4 3

j— io 6

- i

4 3

4 3

pound weight thereof avoirdupois

LEA T H E H.

Bafu Leather, thedcz.en Hangings, gilt, the piece

and a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Leather for inalks, the pound

- *—, and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

Ail tanned leather worked up into any manufactures, or manufacture whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, imported in Irish or British fifips, navigated according to law, for every £ioq. of the value thereof upon oath

ad a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

And

10 -«A 2

1 - 12 3

- I r j— 4 1!

- 4

- 8 5

2 2 —

- 16 to

- j i

- 9

- id

io io —

29—

I— 18 3 -----3

- io

I1* 5 —

- 3 HIDES

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

832

A.D.

Chap. 23.

I N W ARDS.

I

HIDES and S KINS dressed in Oil, over ;:id above all ] other Duties.

| .( s f/-

Hides of all forts, oth.'r than as herein after mentioned, fer every pound weight avoirdupois

Goat and beaver skins, for every jnund weight avoirdupois

Calve skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Sheep and lamb skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

And fj in proportion for any greater or less quart tity.

V EX h V- M and PARC II M E N T, over and above alt other i Duties.

Vellum, for every dozen skins Parchment, for every dozen skins

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

6

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XXIK. And be it enacted, That from nml after the iVul twenty-fifth day of March, oi’-; thousand seven hundred and niiicty-cWht, in calc any fbeep-tkin, or l.mtb-lkin,

!);:! appear to be impaired by gafliing, Ibugh:, or cutting the fame, every pcifon so offending, and every person who Ih.ill i".;vle to laic any fuel* fiicep-lbiu, or hmb-lkin, Hiall forfeit the penalties hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for each Ihecp-lkin so impaired, slaughtered, or g.ished, a sum not exceeding the sum of two ihillmgs and six pence; and for each lamb skin, a sum not exceeding the sum of two iliiilings and six pence; and every person so oliVndi.-. -, Hull be brought before the thief magistrate or magifixates of the city or town co potato, or before some one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, where inch offence shall be committed, if in no city or town corporate, which said maglllral s «,* justices of the peace, are licrcbv authorized and ftriti’v requited, either ujmi the conftflion of the pa:tv offending, or due proof by one or more witness or vunefits, upon oath, which they are hereby respectively empowered to admiuiOcr. ri a; the pa fen so brought before him or them, hath odended contrary to the meaning of this act, by warrant under his or their hands attd foals, to c:\use such p.'italtiv. as the offenders are hereby liable to, to b: forthwith levied by uillrefs and sale of the offender or offenders goads, rendering the overplus (it any be) to the owner or owners thereof, after the djtlucYnm of the reasonable charges for taking the diltrefj; and out of the dillrcfs, to pay the respective penalties and forfeitures to the informer; and in case any such ofcnder Hull not have goods ami chattels fuilicient to answer the said penalties, such offender, by warrant to be made under the hand and sea! of such magistrate or piilica of the peace for that purpose. shall be publickly whipped three nut Let days iucc;lfi\ely, through some market town in the said county, in or near such town or place where the offence was committed, between the hours of eleven and twelve in the forenoon,

CHAP. XXI\r.

All Act 1o feettre the Collectian of the Duties on Auctions, and on Gifs Bottles made in tuts Kingdom, and on Paper printed, painted, cr f aisled in this Kingdom, to ferae for Hangings or other Uses 5 and to prevent Frauds therein.

TyOR llic better securing the payment of the duties 011 auctions; Aimicr.Urs ji lie it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by andwith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, js *'1'E and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the > authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of fv h March, in the year one thotifand seven hundred and ninety-eight, u;| no person whosoever Iltail exercise the trade nr bitfiiels of an attc- =;

!ja,

tionicr or fe’lcr by commilHon, at any fde of atty estate, good:, or effects whatsoever, by lot, by parcel, or by any r,ther mode of Idle at attffion, or whereby the highest. bidder is deemed to he the ptircl.afcr, cr who fttall act in such capacity, shall deal in, vend 10 B

833 A.D.

or

8 j 4 7/jf thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. Or full any estate, goods or cfltfis whatsoever, by public fa!.’ cr 1790. oiiicrwife, by v.ay of auction, in any manner whatsoever, ivitlioa: a licensc for that purpose in force, from the collector of the district in which he if 1 n 11 be rcfulent, in which licensc fl.all he lit forth the true name and real place' of abode of the person or per-foils taking out the lame, for which he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay the duty payable thereon; and every such lieenle shall be of force until the twenty-fifth day of March next, after the time of the granting thereof, together with one (lulling in the pound of the duty payable on such licensc, <W r° *r aS a k’e to ^lc c°keclor for granting the fame; and if any perfoa anfc.and is. shall vend or sell by way of atiflion, as aforesaid, without taking to collector*- out such license, such person shall forfeit for every such olicncc, penalty tool, the fitm of one hundred pounds.

Duties on Ik And be it enacted, That the rales and duties charged on

auctions Hull auflions shall be, and are hereby declared to be a charge upon be charges on ... J

nuaior.iers, every auiSionier or feller by commission, immediately from and

paid by them, after the doling of the bidding at every file, byway of aussi.ia,

r.s Ucaaitcr. an,| t],aC t|)c llUts a!K] t]iu;c5 fn charged shall he paid by every fkii

Sliiftioiiier or feller by commission, in manner and at the times

herein after mentioned.

Auilionien HP Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall inaycoiidi- rcArain any audtionier from making it a condition of file, tint the

lion for pay- t ° < ’

went of duty, fiid duties, or any portion thereof, tliall he paid by the purchaser, b5purJ1.1n.rs. over am| a|JOVC t],e py]cc v/hidi shall have been bidden at such auction; and in such case the auctionier is hereby required to demand payment of the duty from such purchaser, or such portion tlieiscnl as shall he expressed in such condition and agreement; an.! u:ion the neglect or refufil of such purchaser to pay such duty, such If;!-

Nothing herein, Hull nake Vfid ,ar.v c.lier

concKiitv.! !u-tween iun ers and 5.

Au5t:cT.icr ttHiun (> miles of D.ihiin caillo. to give securuy for 20c!. to account in wn tir*' within 23 d-iys and pay duty.

ding at liieh auction shall he void.

IV. Provided clip, That nothing herein contained shall extern!, or he conflated to.extend, to alter, determine, or make void any other condition or agreement whatsoever, between any buyer rr felfer by auction, or any other person, touching the pavm-:;it et any of the said duties, so as the fame do not extend to the lefljt’.-ing of the full linn charged thereon.

V. And be it enacted, That every person acting as auclinr.icr, as aforesaid, at any public file or atiflion within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, or within fix miles- of the cattle of Duhlii, shall, at the time of receiving the license, give fccurby by bond tn his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum ol two hundred pounds, with iwo or more liiffieient fu reties, which security the collector of the district is hereby authorized and empowered to

taka

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

835

aeSiniiier or elei t: to Av-.-ar

takr, that he vcill withinuveniy-eight days after cvcrv file by way A.D. oi'auction, deliver at the oilice oi die colieelor of excise in Dublin, i79°-a particul.ir account in waiting of the total amount of the money bid at each I’.tle, and of the icvcrJ articles, lots, or parcels which ui.-hirnuy shall have been there fold, oil the price of every Inch article, lot or

or parcel; and at the fune ii tie make ptvinent of all (itch lum and lums of money as shall he payable to . is Vis jesty on the produce of cllates and goods rdpedively sold at such auctions, which lum or linns of money lie is hereby autlic riled to retain out of such pio-duce or depositc made at such lale, or otb.cnvife recover the fame by action of debt, or 011 the calc, against the person or pet foils by whom liich auflionier shall be employed, or on whole account fitch goods shall lie lo /old; and every persons so acting timber, or the person who acted as his clerk at such fa!c. if any,

when the goods shall have been delivered by the alidionicr, or his clerk, shall make oath to the truth of every Inch account, before the collector or fub-cominufioners of excise, in the distticl where fitch auction shall be, or before liich person as the commissioners of excise shall empower to take affidavits; and when the goods so fold shall have been delivered by the propiictor, or his clerk, such proprietor, oi his clerk, liuil give in on oath, to be administered by liich person as aforesaid, to the collector of cxiif.-, within ten days after the fide, an exact account of the amount of liich goods; and also, within the said /pace often days, furnish the alidionicr jen.-try

1 11 -t , Jlal Sirfk’a.tlg

a\ith a tiue copy of such account, ana ir he Ixuiil ik^kcl or rJuic u.,ium to give in such account, he shall lorieit the lum ol twenty pounds; and in case the audionier giving Inch bond, shall neglect to deliver i.'Juty be rot in his account, or to malic payment of the r iles and duties ns lu re- jIL j., b 1 in eiire&ed; or ifit Hull appear that the account delivered in by f;: ’l

fit:,

such attdionier, was not a true and just account, or lint In.h a bma«

audioi'.icr had acted contrary to the true intent and meaning ol the

fail bond, and of this act, it shall and may he lawful lor Inch min-

iiiillioners of excise to cattle liich bend to he put in Init, unless they shall find llmiciem c.tufe to forbear th.c fame, and then upon, in

case of a verdld' on judgmei.t against the: defendant, luih license

shall tiiciicefortli become void.

VI. And be it further cnacleJ, That ewrv person so acting as 'V;V. Pr

1'1,1 uj ,/p f)

aforesaid, at every fuel] public auction, in any pan oi this king- n: dom, not within the limits of the dillrid of the metropolis ol’D.th- j.j |, ,j Jin, or within fix miles of the ceflle of Dublin, shall, at the time ' 0,

i' . C

of receiving such licer.fe as aforesaid, give /comity by bond as aforesaid, in tlte finu of lift" pounds, which security Iba! he taken; g.;sr by the coilcdor of the dillrid in which Inch person shall be rel:-10 13 % dent,

l.i;

836 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

dent, in like manner as is herein before directed, with regard to

1 7?)S- tl'.c bonds to be given within the district of the metropolis, and Ch£3- within fix miles of the cable of Dublin, that he will within, six weeks after every sale by auction, deliver in an exact and parli-. cular account in manner as is herein before required to be delivered by persons felling by auction, within the difirict of the metropolis, and within Itx miles of the cable of Dublin; and ibr.ll at the same time make payment of all fitch sum and sums of money as lb all be due and payable to his Majesty on account of every fide by way of auction, by him made, from time to time, within fame matter six weeks rdpcCtively; and all the powers, directions, penaltici "the whole and forfeitures herein before prescribed, for the better levying ar.J kingdom. securing, or accounting for the said rates or duties within the dil-trict of the metropolis, shall be observed in all other parts of this kingdom, as if the fame were again particukuly repeated and te-enaCUd.

Auatcmkrs

VII. And be it enacted, Th.at every auClionier, or feller by onbtin'll)" commission, felling by auction within the metropolis, or within give amices fix miles of the cable of Dublin, shall, two days at.lcnft before lie

of Tales and . '

catalogues 2 or Hie do begin any Luc by^vay of auci,ion, deliver or cauie lo be liicy Iwgi delivered at the ollice of the collector of escifie, in the city of Dub-"cc.JlJll,{lor°r fin, a notice in writing Signed by such auClionier, lpccify’ing in such notice the particular day when such sale by auction is to he-. gin; and shall at the fame lime, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector a written or printed catalogue, attested and Signed by such nuctionier or his known clerk, in which catalogue shall be particularly expressed and enumerated every article, lor, parcel, and thing, by such auctionitr notices to cot- intended to be sold at fitch auction; and every auClionier felling other Urt' - a.u£tion ia any part of this kingdom, not within the district of ct.tys b.foie the metropolis, nr within fix miles of the c..!l!c of Dublin, shall, at fell, penally lead three days before fitch audionicr do iKgiii any file by way of 2o1, auction, deliver or cattle to be delivered to the collector of txcifc

in.whole dillrict such file is intended to be had, or at the office of excise in such dillrict, next lo the place where fitch sale is intended to be, a like notice in writing, signcJ by such auClionier, speciiy-ing therein the particular day when Inch sale is to begin, and shall_at the same time, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or cause to he delivered to such collector, or at such office of excise, next to

the place where fitch hie is intend/d to he, as aforesaid, a written or printed catalogue, attefied and signed by such auClionier, or his known clerk, in which catalogue that! be particularly enumerated every article, lot, parcel, and thing, by such auctionicr intended

4 -to

The thirtj-elghih Year of George III. S37

to be sold at auction; and if any audionier shall fell any estate, A.D. goods, or efieds, by way of auction, without delivering the notices 1 7‘T'

and catalogues herein before required to be delivered, or shall at any such lale fell any estate, goods, or efieds not particularly expressed or enumerated in such catalogue, every audionier shall, for every such efttnee, forfeit the Ann of twenty pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every audionier who shall have Aiiamiicr

' , or clerk tv ta.

delivered, orcauled to have been delivered, any such notice or ca- in 6 n,i!cs. f

taloguc fora sale by auction, within the distritTt of the metropolis,

or within fix miles of theeafile of Dublin, or the person who ad- cl..r.mtm,ni

1 oath wnhai

ed as his clerk at Inch sale, or intended fide, shall, within twenty- i J dan after

eight days after the day specified in such notice as the particular cd^oTJtiw" day when such sale by auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the collector ol excise, or the city of Dublin, a declaration in writing, setting forth whether or not any sale by way of auction had been, or was opened or begun under such notice, or any article, lot or parcel, or thing, contained in such catalogue was bid for, or sold at such auction; ami such audionier or person ailing as his clerk, [lull make oath to the truth of such declaration before such collector, nr any fub-commissioner of excise in the district, which oath such collector or any fub-commissioner of excise is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and '-efcde-

J ii< r claration in

that every auctionier who shall have tlehvered or caused to be de* anyotherpart

livered any such notice or catalogue for a sale by auction in any 'ch|l" after other part, or the person who ailed as' his clerk, at such sale or

intended sale, shall, within six weeks after the day specified in such ' ’ notice, as the particular day when such sale by auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the collector of excise, in whose district such sale bad been, or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, in manner as is herein before required, with respect to persons felling by auction within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the castle of Dublin, to he verified in like manner, on pain that every audionier shall for every neglect or refusal of delivering such declaration, verified in manner herein before prescribed, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

IX. Be it enacted, That if any sale by auction, of any estate or where a sale goods, shall be rendered void by reason that the person for whose IJavn0t'^f°[g|lt benefit the fame was fold had no title to the fame, or no right to or title, auc-dispose thereof, then, in every such case, it shall and may be law- appl" roomful for the audionier who paid the duty for the tiling so fold, or

for the person for whose benefit the fame was so fold, to lay his, mine upon her, or their complaint before the chief commissioners or fub-com- gran: relief.

Vol. XjVIII. to C missioners

838

A.D. 1793. Chap. 24.

Application - to be nude within iz months after file, if rendered void within that time, or within j months after discovery.

'.Vhere articles are pur* , chalcJ for owners, allowance lhaP be made by collectors, provided no* tice was given to auAioniers, who stall prove fame . on oath j

in case of dif-oate proof to I a on asc-. fionijr.

Such'allow* ancenotto be made without notice signed

‘the thirty-eighth Year of George III.

missioners of exc'tfe, and the commissioness and the fub-commissioners of excise, upon such complaint to them made, by, or on behalf of such audionier, or by, or on behalf of the person for whose-benefit the fame was fold, shall, and are hereby required to hear and determine, upon oath, all such complaints, and ex- -amine the witnesses produced before them by the parties, and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party so complaining, of so much of his, her, or their respective payments, as shall be so made out before them to have been overpaid, any thing in this statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, That such complaint shall be made within twelve calendar months after such sale, if the sale shall be rendered void, as aforesaid, within that time, or if the file shall not be rendered void, as aforesaid, within that time, then futh complaint shall be made within three months after the discovery of the person for whose'.benefit any such sale, goods, or chattel's was or-were fold,’haying-no title to the fame, or no right to dispose thereof; arid no such complaint shall be made, or any relief given thereupon, unless such complaint shall be- made within- the time herein before in that behalf prescribed.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the real owner of any estate, goods, or cffefl*, put up to sale by-way of audlion, shall become the purchaser by -means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other person- on his behalf,-or for his-use,at such sale, without fraud or collusion, then, and in such case, the respective collectors of exciseare hereby authorised and required to make.an allowance to such owner, of the duties arising upon such bidding, both by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, -of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale, for the :use and behoof of the feller; and provided such notice be verified by oath of the-audionier, as also the' fairness and reality of the transaction, to the -bed of his knowledge and belief; and in case any dispute ilia'll arise, whether such purchase by the owner was not made by collusion, of in or.

; der. to' lessen the full -sum payable on such auction-tobe paid, or concerning the fairness of such transaction, then, and in such cases, the proof thereof shall be upon the person acting as auc-tionier, and on failure therein, or in case of any unfair practice, then no such allowance shall be. made as aforesaid, any thing . herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no such allowance shall be made, unless notice in writing, signed by the owner, and the

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appoint- A- It.

ed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the falc 179$.

for the use of the feller, shall have been given lo the auctionier ’

before such bidding, nor unless such delivery of such notice shall by miner am!

be verilied upon the oath of the auctionier, as also the fairness of r,:ch'verified

the transaiftion, to the heft of his knowledge. In- ojih of

’auauaur.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained,

1 ° Nittoce-

shall extend to any sale, by way of auction, of eftales or chattels tenj w rates

made by any order or decree of his Majesty's courts of chancery comber f!<

or exchequer in Ireland, before any master in chancci y, or the J"|:j,'0fr0

remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, or by ordn.ir.cr, w

order of his Majesty's commissioners for the duties of customs or

excise, or by order of the board of ordnance; nor to the file'by

auction of any goods di drained for rent, ot for non-payment of

tithes, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstand-

i»g-

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall Nnttocx-

° whJ to UU

e>:tenu to any auction to be held for the sale of any woods, cop- ofivpojs, pices, produce of any mines or quarries, or any contract relating ra;"tjCor°(' theieto, or to the cutting or working of the lame, or to the sale "r

matrnals for

of any materials uled in the working of such mines or quarries, working

respectively; or to the sale of any cattle, and live or dead stock, Juai'atck.'*

or urimanufactured produce of land, so as such sale of woods, cop-

/Li producing

pices, produce of mines or quarries, cattle, corn, nock, or pro- them, and by duce of land, be made wiiilft they continue on the lands produc- Sr"gcm-. ing the fame, and by the owner of such lands, or proprietor of, or adventurer in such mines or quarries, or by his or their Reward or agent, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That any goods woven or fabricated in Goods »o-

C. ven in Ireland

the loom in this kingdom, which shall be iold entire in the piece and Told in

or quantity in which the fame were taken from the,loom, and in Jj' j"r

lots, each lot whereof shall he of the price of ten pounds sterling, ml. not

r. , r chargeable

or upwards, shall and may be fold, by public laic, by Way ot auc- if for mami«

tion, in lots as aforesaici, for or on account of the manufacturers or first purchasers thereof respectively, by any perfoti duly licensed to «d deferip. exercise the trade or business of an anftiotiier, but hot otherwise, left in writ." free of the said duty; provided also, that no person shall be exempted from the payment of the said duty, for or in respect of any such goods, sold by way of auction, unless such sale shall be carried on in some ware-house, room, or place, whereof a true and particular entry in writing shall have been made with the proper officer, at the next office of excise, within the limits where such ioC. 1 warehouse,

840 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

warehouse, room, or place shall be situated, and unless such good';

1798* shall be openly shewn, and exposed at the time and place of such Chap^. sale-

Auflionicr

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every person act-aVondfor'0 'nS as auctionicr at any such public lale, by way of auction a? 40l. to give aforesaid, shall, betide the aforesaid bond directed to be given on within0""'’ receiving his license, give further security by bond to his M.,je(ly, such’tvoven h's l*e'irs an<^ successors, in the film of forty pounds, with two fu-

goods fold, reties, which security the collector of the district is hereby empowered to take, conditioned, that he will within fourteen days after such Isle of any goods woven or fabricated in the loom, as aforesaid, deliver at the office of excise within such difliict, a true account iti writing of the several lots and parcels of such goods which shall have been fold, the amount of the money bid at fuel) sale, and the price of every lot or parcel; and further, that he will not at any time, knowingly put up for sale, or fell at auction, any piece-goods, or other goods woven or fabricated in the loom out of this kingdom, or any goods woven or fabricated in the loom in this kingdom, which shall not lie offered or put up for sale, or fold entire in the piece or quantity in which the fame were taken from the loom, and in lots, as aforesaid, for or on account of the manufacturer or first purchaser thereof, without charging for every twenty shillings of the purchase-money thereof the said duty, according to the rules and directions of this act; and that lie will not be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent contrivance, with intent to fell any piece-goods, or other goods fabricated in the loom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case it shall appear that the ao£tionier»’ Part7 entering into such bond, hath acted contrary to the condition aft contrary, thereof, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excile to cause every such bond to be put in suit.

Not to cx- XVIII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained, shall cx-by'sheriffs^on tcn<® to c^arge with any rate or duty, any estate, goods, or cliat-commission telsfold at auction, under the authority of any IherilF, for the

cy; 'benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgment, or any estate

or goods im or esse's of any bankrupt, sold by order of the assignee or aflig-roued from nces, under any commission of bankruptcy, or any goods im-Coloniesf and ported into this kingdom, by way of merchandize, from any Bri-(i»ucry «Sth colony or plantation in America, the fame being of the growth, in u months; produce, or manufacture of any of such colonies or plantations, on the first laic of such goods, by or for the account of the original 2 importer

ana me prices, and that he will not fell such otherwise, without charging duty, Ac.

Bonds may

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. . ^4'

importer to whom the Tame were conligm.l, mu! hv whom they A. 15. were entered at the custom-house at tit; part oi impi'.tr.iion, lo i as such file iie made within twelve mom hs alter fitch goods shall 1

It; so imported, or such goods as may he imposed live ci duty, wj.-o.'s i«i-.rid all goods for dyers i:!e; nor to any ship.i, or their tachie, ap-rare! and furniture, or the cargoes thereof, whicl; may be taken ,0"

* o(n;

and condemned as prize; nor to charge with any rate or (.k!». duty any fiiip or goods that may be wrecked or tlranded on or 114-5-t thecoafls of this kingdom, or damaged on board any ship or vef- tin .'.-c. ft 1, and sold by atidion for (lie benefit of (lie infarcts or proprietors thereof, or whidi may be fold free of duty to defray the charges of salvage; nor to charge with any rate or duty any 0l. goods damaged by lire, and sold by order of and for the benefit of lrna<!<:J h the inliirers of such goods, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX' And for more effectually preventing frauds which may be practised by audioniers, felling estates, goods, or chattcls under the authority of Oterifft, or under the order or direction of the assignees under any commission of bankruptcy; be it enacted,

That every audionier who shall fell at auction, any estate, goods, goods fold

or chattels, seized for the benefit of any creditor, by or under

the authority of any fiiciiff or lT.erifls, in execution of any iudg- rillsbc

% J ° made out by

ine.it, shall specify in the catalogue by liim to be delivered under airfiionkrs

the directions of this act, the particular estates and elTeds to be fteiifi?,"<yle-y

fold, and also, the exact sum to be levied under such execution

1 . ’ to be levied,

and the ikeriff or under-fncriff shall, and they are hereby required &c.

ta certify at the foot of such catalogue, that all the estates, goods,

ci: chattels in liich catalogue specified, were really the property of the person against whom such judgment was had and obtained,

anti that the fame, and every part thereof, were actually seized in

execution of the fame judgment; and every audionicr who shall,

J ° , die like when

he cmnloyed by the assignees under any commission of bankruptcy, a file h unto fell the effects of any bankrupt, shall likewise specify in the mMm'of catalogue to be by him delivered, as aforesaid, the particular goods ^4^-and effects then to be sold, and the assignee or assignees under assigncei, to fitch commission, shall certify at the foot of such catalogue, that SySionicr all the estates, goods, chattels, and effects in such catalogue speci- "i|c"r?n dl' lied, were really the property of the bankrupt at the time of suing forth the said commission; and every such catalogue, so certified,

shall he produced by every such audionier to the person to whom fitch audionier is by this act directed to deliver his account, before such audionier shall be permitted to pass his account, or to have Von, XVIII. to D . the

A.D. 1798. Chap. 24.

Catalogue of goods damaged by lire, and fold forbencS: of insurers, to be cmifijr, .".4 before; by infun r, pc n.ih/ 011 in-f'lrer, as before, 20J.

From erjji March, 179s, every maker of bottles shall take oat .1 from

co!e‘lor, for which the duty shall be paid, and is. in the poaml.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

the fame allowed j and if the sheriff, under-fl-.eriff, assignee or assignees, shall insert, or fuifer, or permit to be inserted in any such catalogue, so to be certified, any estate, goods, chattels or effects, whatsoever, other than such as were really the property of the debtor or debtors, bankrupt or bankrupts, as aforesaid, respectively, or , if any flicrifl or under-sheriff, shall omit or neglect to certify oa such catalogue, the true linn to be levied, or shall certify thereon, any false sum to he levied, then, and in every such case, the party offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty - pounds.

XX. And be it enacted, That every1'audlionicr who shall lie employed to fell any goods damaged by fire, sold by order of, anil for the benefit of the iiifiirer or insurers of fitch goods, shall specify in the catalogue to he hv him delivered, the particular goods then to be sold; and the iiifiirer or insurers shall, and lie and they is and are hereby required to ccitify at the foot thereof, that a’l the goods ill fii.di catalogue specified, were really fold for the benefit of such iiifitrcr or infurcis, which catalogue, so certmed, shall he produced by every such audtionier to the person to whom such auiftionler is by this act to deliver his account, before such such audtionier dull lie permitted to pass his account, or to have the fame allowed; and if any such iufurer shall inlert, or Itifler, or permit to he inserted in any such catalogue, as aforesaiil, any goods whatsoever, other than such as were really to be sold for the benefit of him or them, as aforesaid, or if any infuror shall omit or neglect to certify in fitch catalogue, the true particulars of the goods to be sold, then, and in every fudt case, the party offending shall, for every such olfe iee, forfeit the fit 11 of t.ve ltv p i:i ids.

XXI. And for better feeuring the payment of the dories payable on glass bottles, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no maker of bottles, made of common bottle tncial, shall make any such bottles without having a licensc for that purpose ia force, from the collector of the district in which the glass-house or work-house in which such bottles !li ill be made, shall lie situ itc, in which license shall he let forth the true name and place of abode of the person or persons taking out the fame, and the place in which such glass-house or work-house shall be situated, for which he, flic, or they shall, upon taking out such iicenfe, pay for every license so to be taken out, the duty payable thereon, together with one shilling in the pound of the said duty, as a fee to the collector for granting the fame; and every Inch license shall continue in force' until the twenty-fifth day of March after the granting of

2 the-

2"he thirty-eighth Year c/Gtoi'o'j III. 843

the fame; and if any persons shall any Inch glass without A.D.

having taken out such License, such person shall forfeit for every stich offence the film of fifty pounds.

XXII. And be it enacted, Tiut every pet ion w'10 fin'd keep a B-o*1'-glass-iionfe for making of bottles of common bottle metal, Hull L'liJiwm.-lo once in every month, make a true entry in writing, at the cxcifo

cilice for the ilidrift in which such glass-house I' 10! 1 be, of the number of bottles, and the denomination thereof with rel'pcft to pri.aitj ico'. the quantities of liquor they fluid be reputed to be capable of containing, made within such month, and shall verify such>entry upon oath, or if a qtiaker, upon lblemu alfirmation of the person or persons, or one of them, who fluid keep such glass-hottfe, or of his, her, or their chief workman, or clerk employed in conducting the making of bottles, or in the keeping of an account of the bottles made therein, according to the bell of his, iter, or their knowledge or belief; which oath or affirmation Audi, and may be admittiflered by the coileftor or surveyor of cxcil’e of the district within which fitch glass-Iioufo shall be, or other persons authorized to adminiile'r oaths in matters reflating to his Majesty's revenue, without any fee or charge for the fame; and every maker of such pirn's bottles who shall neuleft to make such entry, verified- as aforesaid, -shall, for every neglect or defaulr, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every person who (had keep iVrfor.»

any such glass-hottfe, as aforesaid, shall from time to time, within "[stat,r'JfnM

a fortnight after he, she, or they shall have made, or ought to have nl,'nlll’! dot>' 0 . . ° tvitluns fort-

made such entry as aforesaid, pay all the duties for all such bottles n;sk niter,

23 shall have been made within fuc'ii month, upon pain of forfeit-

ing for every default therein, the funi of one hundred pounds, <,ul>'1

and double the amount of the duty whereof the payment Iliad d.-uMr wtuc

not be so made; and that no such person after such default in pay- ^'JaVicr

ment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any such bottles, until 1«-

' fore duty is

he or the hith paid and cleared olF all duty due as aforesaid, upon paid,shall b= pain of forfeiting double the value of the bottles so fold, delivered or 1

or carried cut.

J. X i v. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Bor[.sof

any officer of his Majesty's revenue, once in every month, upon accouits of > 1 ’ ' ‘ bottle, 10 bs

producing a written order far that purpose, signed by the coileftor shewn to offi-of the district in which any such glass-hottfe shall be situated, to require such maker of bottles, made of common bottle metal, or his clerk or manager, who shall keep any account of the quantity of bonks wade in such glals-house, to shew and produce to such 10 D a officer,

844 thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

officer, all fuefi book1; of account as shall contain any entry of the 798. number of all, or any of such bottles as shall be made from com-CJwp^24. mon bottle metal, in fitch glass-house, or of any transactions from which the number of such bottle; made in such glass-house shall betnoTOito aPPcar > an'-l such mliter of bottles, or his clerk or manager, shall compare the fuller such officer to infjiect the fame, aijd compare-the account turn with" returned by such maker of bottles to the collector, therev. itli’; hooK'pcivi!- ant^ an)' ^ULII lluker of such bottles, or his clerk, tr.a-'> s®1- nager, or fervar.t, shall not, upon such demand made, (hciv and produce to such officer, all such books, as aforesaid, ana (e.Sr him to irifpeCc and ex.'mine the fame, every such maker of fin.1.', bottles shall, for every such offence, forfeit ihe sum of fifty pounds.

Duty at-lowed on ex 'citation.

Miles m.iy be e\[‘ tried on fcily.ing tcr:nj;

j 2 hours notice in Dublin, and 2 \ hours notice in other pait% of intention 10 pack;

oflici'r to attend packing, package^ to be marked, as directed by commissioners,

20l. panaliy on defacing mark.

officers to take account of such bottles, and make a return to yolleilor.

XXV. Andb: it erufie.l, That the duty payable on all bottles made of common bottle metal, which shall be made in this kingdom, for which such duty shall have been paid, shall be repaid and allowed upon all such bottles as shall have been exported as merchandize to lwxign parts.

XXVI. And be i: cuadled, That it shall and may be lawful fi r any person who shall have actually paid the duty charged upon bottles, and for any other person who shall buy or be entitled to such bottles, from the person who paid the said duty, toex,c.it from any port within this kingdom, Inch Lotties, by way ol merchandize, upon the terms, and according to the directions herein after mentioned, that is to lay; the person intending to export such bottles, shall give to the proper officer twelve hours notice, if within the limits of the port of Dublin, and twenty-four ltjours notice in other places in this kingdom, ol his inur.iiun to pack up for exportation any such bottles, and of the time ana

place, when and where the fame is intended to be packed up j and Inch oll’icer shall attend to fee such bottles packed up, and the fame shall he packed up in the presence of such officer, and shall be fc-cured with such fattening?, and foaled with such seal cr mail:, fit seals or marks, and in such manner as the chief commifiicner of his Majesty's revenue shall direct; and if any person shall open such package, or willingly ddlroy or deface any such leal or maik, except the officer at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned, every person so offending Hull forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and the officer or officers who ftw the Tald bottles packed up, shall take an account of the kind and quantities of the bottles so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the collector-of the district.at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XXVII. Provided always, That if the person or persons so intending to pack lip flt;!l bottles, shall not begin, and proceed to pack up the fame at the time mentioned in fitch notice or within one hour after Itieh time, then such notice shall he void, and fitch person or persons, so intending to pack up such bcttics, shall give a fresh notice to fuel) oliicer or officers, of the time and piaec, when and where such buttles are intended to be packed up, in order to be exported; and the person or persons so intending to export such bottles, shall also give six hours notice of the time and place of flipping thereof, unto the officer of the place where the fame finll he shippeJ, who shall attend, and fee the fame put on ship-board; anti the exporter of such bottles Hull also, before the shipping o' the {.line, give fmlicient security in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, tlut the particular quantity of bottles so intended to be exported, anj every pirt thereof, shall be flipped and exported, and shall not he un.liipped, unloaded, or laid on land, or put on board any flip or vessel in this kingdom, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident excepted; which security the officer of the port where such bottles shall he exported, is hereby directed to take to his M.tjedy’s life; and such exporter full make oath, that he believes the duty on such bottles hid been fully paid, ami that such bottles bad been fully paid, and that such bottles are the rime that are described in the account sent as afore-foid, by the officer in whose prefer.ee the fame were packed, to the officer attending the flipping; which oath the collector, or any officer appointed by the said chief commissioners for taking affidavits, i; hereby authorized to administer; and such surveyor and other officer, and the officer who attended the flipping of such bottles, being satisfied of the truth thereof, shall within one month after the exportation of such bottles, give the exporter or his clerk or manager, a certihcate or debenture, expressing the quantities oi the bottles so flipped, and that all the duties have been paid in relpcdl of the lame, and that security bath been given before the flipping of the fame for the due exporting thereof; and such certificate or debenture, being produced to the coiledor of the port from which the bottles were exported, lie Ihai! forthwith, cut of any money in his hands, pay, or allow the person so exporting the fame, or his or her agent, the drawback by this act given upon tile exportation of Rich bottles.

XXVIII. Provided always, That it Tn.ill be lawful for any officer attending the f lipping of such bottle', il he thinks it nceef-

Yoi. XVIII, 10 if. fury,

fi-cnnty for treble draw, line!;*, that hottSc* (Hall he exported. &c.

exporter to Avtar that

U'lvwas

p it!, ;ii.(i that

It :\. i pro

ihu* f.nlK', A'C.

1 certu.cn'e ofr:pc,rtr..i. ca to !)s*'i\'jn inirm.rtcr v,i,]i:n one

lli’ib'h,

wl.a: fir " ',c

{n ;vo i-ai ’£ C it ii..!*' to C'l; tt'iiji |,c Iha' i'..v or a’it.'v iinv.'-i.-.u-a.

0 rirer at r* *my

From 25

Mar. 1/9S, persons who paint, or print paper for hangings, or who keep paper for that purp. fi1, flnl! give notice as herein to collectors, penalty 2ol and all paper, &'c. forfeited.

Power of c\\cW eft:-Cera to ej.ur

The thhtydgh'.h Year of George III.

fury, to open or examine the time at the port of exportation, in order that he may lie firislied t!ut such bottles are the fame that are described in the account lent to hi n by the officer in whose pre-fcrice (bull b.-ttles were packed: provided also, that if after the shipping of any Inch bottles, and the giving of such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a drawback of the duty before paid, in rel’pcct thereof, the fame bottles, or any part thereof, shall be unihtpped, unladen, or laid bn land, or put into any other ship or veil'd in this kingdom, thip.vreek, or other unavoidable acci- dent excepted, that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majority's use, all the bottles, which shall be so unshipped, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within this kingdom, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident excepted, shall be , forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

XXIX. And to secure the duty on paper to serve for hangings, and other tiles; be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one tlioufa.nd seven hundred and ninety-eight, no pci fun shall paint, print, or (lain any paper in this kingdom', to serve for hangings, or other ul'es, unless he or (lie (liali have given notice in writing to the collector of excise of the dif-tri£t, and to the surveyor. cf excise, and gauger of the survey or walk, in which such paper fiiai! be printed, painted, or stained, of his or her name or surname, and place of abode, and of every place where such person shall print, paint, or (tain such paper, or shall keep any paper before he or she shall print, paint, or (lain the fame; and if any person shall print, paint, or (tain any paper as aforesaid, chargeable with the said duty, without having given such notice as aforesaid, or shall print, paint, or (tain any paper, or keep any paper, cither before or after the lame shall be printed, painted, or stained, in any place of which inch notice shall not have been given, every, such person shall for every such offence, forfeit twenty pounds; and all prints and utensils for the priming, painting, or Itaining of paper, to serve for hangings, or other uses, which shall be found in the custedy or possession of any person not licensed to manufacture paper hangings, having also in his possession any colour for priming, painting, or (brining paper, or in any place of which such notice (tall not have been given, together with ail paper printed, painted or stained, or begun to be primed: painted, or famed, shall be forfirited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

XXX. And be it enacted, That every officer of excise, at ail limes, by day or by night, and if in the night, then in the pre-

fence

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

fence of a conflabic, or other officer of the peace, may enter into the house, work-house, warc-ltoufe, or Miter place belonging to, or used by any person or persons who shall print, paint, or (tain any paper for hangings, or other uses, as aforesaid, and take a just account of the times am! quantities of all paper which llnll have been printed, painted, or llained, by fitch peri’on or persons, from time to time, and of all paper for which, under the provisions of this att, Inch person or persons shall be chargeable with the said duties; and shall thereof make a report in writing to the collector of the distritt, leaving a true copy', if demanded, of such report in writing, under his hand, with, or for the person who shall print, paint, or (lain Inch paper, lefpcttively, or be chargeable with litch duty; and inch report or return of the officer or officers, shall be a charge upon the person who shall print, paint, or (fain paper, as aforesaid; and if Inch officer shall refuse or neglect to give, or leave a true copy of his report in writing at the time of taking such account, being demanded, as aforesaid, every fitch officer for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, to every such maker or person.

-XXXk And be it emitted, That if any person who shall be a printer, painter, or Rainer of any paper, as aforesaid, or the wife, son, or daughter of such person, or any person employed by him or her, as a clerk, workman, or servant, shall cbftrutt, or not pet mit any officer to enteritis or her house, work-house, ware-house, or other place belonging to, or used for the printing or Raining of any paper to serve for hangings, or other uses, or for the Roring or keeping of any Rich paper; or not permit such officer to measure, compute, and take an account of all paper printed, painted, or Rained, or intended to he printed', painted, or Rained; every Rich person who, or whole wife, foil, daughter, clerk, workman, or servant, as aforesaid, shall obstruct, or not permit such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every lech offence, the Run of fifty pounds, -XXXII. And be it emitted. That every person who shall print, paint, or Rain any paper in this kingdom, to I'crve for hangings, or other uses, shall once itt every month, make a true entry in v 'Ring al tltc excise office for the distritt: in which he or flic shall ,-ci.r.liy 5 A rclide, of all the paper by him, her, or them printed, painted, cr Rained, within Rich month, in which entry shall he contained, an account of tliejuR quantities of such paper, upon pain of forfeiting for every neglect of Rich entry, the Run of fifty pounds; which entries shall be made upon oath, or in case of a qttaker, ttp-10 E 2 on

pure* to col-tc-aor.-, and gilc copies

asr

uh’.ch r fluirbj clv.ifli's

r -ftj’m-

tficer to lori.it 40s. to peptrr-

ij iii:cr, if he 0 1 not j»ive a irt.c copy of repotu <o*. nenaltjr

Mr r hltrort.

ir.j» officer id

P.i prr-flainer* to rtt.-'kc ct’iriu oiiCc a mriiitli. . n n

848 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

on solemn affirmation of the printer, painter, or stainer of such 179^- paper, or of his, her, or their chief workman, or servant, employed in printing, painting, or flaming such paper, according to the befl of his, Iter, or their knowledge or belief; which oaths or affirmations flia! and may be administered by the collector or . Purveyor of excise of the district within which such printer, pain- tcr, or stainer of paper, shall be resider.t, or other person empowered to administer oatiis in matters relating to his Majesty's revenue, without any fee for the same.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print, paint, or stain any such paper in this, kingdom, shall from time to

-Duty to.I:c paid within 7 days after

afarehM, pc- time, within fev.en days after lie, the or they shall have made, or dcSiedaty"? 10 have made such, entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear t.iT all the duties for all filth paper as shallby them relpcflivily he printed, painted, or flamed, and for paper for which, under the provisions of this act, such person or persons Audi lie chargeable with the said duty, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein, the sum of twenty pounds, ami double' the amount of the du-: ties, , whereof the payment Audi not he so made; and that no such person after such default of payment, shall flii, deliver, or carry out any such printed, painted, or stained paper, until lie or flie hath paid and cleared o.(T all duty due, as aforela'ul, upon pain of forfeiting twer ty pounds.

W.prr ruin-

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That. as - often as any printer, kemo®-"0" Pa'nlcri or stainer of such paper, shall receive any paper into iti-cm within or her custody or possession, hs or (lie shall within twenty-hnir

and if any be carried out before all duty is paid, double va’in shall be forfeited, and 2cl.

24, hours after they receive paper, penalty 10l.

take account of paper for punting, fee.

and ititU with a dump, rtov:,:.'i! by co:n ni.fi users;

the quantity cf such mark-

dScir, i.ul

a for. 1h.1l! be 1)1 irge.l.

hours after the receipt thereof, give notice thereof to the officer cl excise, expressing the quantity of paper so received, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect, the sum of ten pounds; and before any paper for printing, palming, or Paining, shall he primed, painted,. Cl" stained, the officers of excise lit all be permitted to take accounts of the quantities and diirnraftons of all such paper, v.hkli at.any time c.r ti v.es mail he in the custody or poQession cl any painter, painter, or stainer of paper, and upon triting liiclt recounts thereof, lin’d mark and ll.ur.p every liter; and piece thereat, with a stamp or fca!, to he provided by the commissioners cl !u> Majesty's revenue of excise, therein- to denote that inch aecoun: had been taken of such paper; and in case any officer ikn'd mils any quantity or quantities of such paper, whereof he Ivil'i t then such account, and shall not, upon demand, receive l'ad<h fti that the fame hath been disposed' of in such manner as that iiisli.i-jesty shall not be defrauded of the duty thereon, then, anti in 1 1 c11

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 849

case, it dull and may be lawful for such officer to charge fitch A. F). printer, painter, or Rainer oi paper, in the return to be made, as *79^' aforesaid, with the duties of such paper to milling, as il the fame was aQe.aliv printed, painted, or ti nned.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every printer, painter, or I’n-.-r to llainer of paper in this Kingdom, to tcvve lor hangings, and other 10 iV'cn'be. lifes, before he, she, or they shall print, paint, or stain any piece |' of paper, or any llieet of paper, where a tingle sheet of paper shall shall ir, Hr be printed, painted, or Rained, shall produce and shew such piece '[rai-.t;' of paper, or (licet of paper, to the proper officer of excite, and such oliicer shall take an account thereof; and in case Inch officer finds that every flicet thereof is marked or Humped in manner aforesaid, he shall measure the fame, and mark inch piece of paper, or sheet of paper, where a fittgle lheet shall he printed, painted, or Rained, at limit ends tin rent', with a frame-mark, denoting the measure thereof, and with such other number or mark as the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise shall direct; and in case any primer, painter, or Rainer of paper, shall print, or begin to print, paint, or Rain any piece of paper, or lhcet of m rford on paper, where a single (licet of paper shall be printed, painted, or £i| )o’r.

Rained, before the same shall be measured or marked at both ends fl7‘! ""d 1 to 10* every

thereof, by the officer of excise, as by this a Cl is directed, the piece, printer, painter, or Rainer, in whole pofledion the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Cum often pounds for every such piece of paper, or lheet of paper l'o printed, painted, or Rained, or begun to be printed, painted, or Rained, without having been measured and marked as aforesaid; and every piece or lheet of paper printed, painted, or Rained, or begun to he printed, painted, or Rained, which shall be found in the pofiession of any such printer, painter, or Rainer of paper, which shall not have been marked with fuel] frame-mark, denoting the measure thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

XXXVI. And be it cnaCled, That all the paper, and all the ah paper

’ 11 , , a; d maicrnlr

materials and utensils for the printing, painting, and flaming f r thereof, in the cuRody of any printer, painter, or llainer of paper, jj's',',1' or of any person or persons, to the use of, or in trnR for them, or any of them, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all debts and duties for paper printed, painted, or Rained, in arrear, and owing by any printer, painter, or Rainer, for any paper printed, painted, or Rained by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their work-house, ware-house, or other place, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such printer, painter, or Rainer of paper, or other Vol. XVIII. 10 F person

850 77* thirty-eighth Year ejT George III.

A.D.

persons tiling such work-house, or other place, for any offence 1798.

against this act, relating to the said duties on paper printed, paint-cd, or ^a*np<^) anc^ shall and may be lawful in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and use such proceedings as may be lawfully done in relation to paper, in case the debtors or offenders were the lawful owners of the same.

XXXVII. And whereas printers, painters, or Hamers of paper, may frequently have occasion to cut pieces of paper, printed, painted, or stained, into remnants or parts for fainples, or other what null purposes.; be it enacted, That when any pi inter, painter, or

'be done when

paper is in liamer or paper, mall be dehrous or cutting any piece or pieces or

cuMwlam- paper printed, painted, or stained, into remnants or parts, such pics, Sic. printer, painter, or stainer, shall give six hours notice to the officer of excise, and such officer shall attend and fee the frame-marks and damps put as herein before directed, at both ends of every such piece of paper, cut off from every such piece or pieces of paper, and after having seen such piece or pieces of paper cut into remnants or parts, shall mark or stamp every such remnant or part at each end thereof, with such stamps or marks as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time provide for that purpose.

officer to

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as any paper shall at'hoti/'ends l)e printed, painted, or stained with any 'Colour, or with any as (omi as figure, the officer of excise shall take an account of the fame, and

primed; 0

shall charge the duties for the fame, and shall flam]) or I'cal every piece of such paper, or every sheet, where any Angle sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both ends of every such piece or sheet of paper, with a stamp or seal, to denote that the duties 50l. penalty have been charged thereon; and if any printer, painter, or stain-5"mnTr»-S er paper, shall remove, carry, or lend away, or I'ufTer to be fnvkd’by remove^i carried, or lent away, any piece or sheet of printed, officer, and painted, or stained paper, before an account shall be taken of the papertwieit. and such paper stamped or lealed at both ends thereof by tthe officer, to denote the charging of the said duties, every such printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds; and all such printed, painted, or stained paper, so removed, without being stamped or sealed by the officer, to denote the charging of the said duties, and found conveying or carrying away, or in the possession of any person, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

’P"

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every printer, painter, or be kept apart stainer of any such paper, as aforesaid, shall from time to time

keep

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

keep all paper printed, painted, nr ftnined, and which shall not have been stamped and charged by the proper officer for the said duties, (epurate ami apart from all filler printed, painted, or flamed paper, which shall have been stamped and charged, on pain to forfeit for every defaulr, the fit in of fifty pounds.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any primer, painter, or Rainer of paper, dull fraudulently hide or conceal, or cattle to he hidden or concealed, any printed, painted, nr Mained paper, or any paper marked for printing, painting, or (tabling, then all f'uch paper Hull be forfeited, and the party so oilending, shall forfeit the fmn of one hundred pounds for every fitch offence.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excile, shall provide proper (mines, and fuel) other numbers or marks as they shall think fir, to denote tile incafure of all pieces or (beets of paper printed, painted, or stained, and proper (lamps or seals, lo denote the charging of the duties thereon; and shall cause such frames, numbers, and marks, and such (lamps and seals to be distributed to the respective officers of excise, for the several purposes aforesaid; and such officers are hereby enjoined and required, in tiling the fame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may he, to the paper to be so marked or damped j and the said frames, numbers, or marks, and the said damps or seals to be provided in pursuanre of this cdl, may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the (iiid commissioners shall from time to time think fit; and if any person shall at any time counterfeit or forge any frame, number, or mark used by any officer in marking such paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the impression of the fame, upon any paper to he printed, painted, or stained, every person so offending, shall forfeit the fuin of one hundred pounds; and if any person shall at any time counterfeit or forge any damp or seal, to referable any (lamp or seal provided to denote t he charging of the duties on paper printed, p tinted, or llained in this kingdom, or shall counterfeit or referable the impression of the lame, upon airy paper printed, printed, or llained, then every person 1b offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and be traiilported for leven years; and in case any person shall at any time fell any such printed, painted, or stained p ’per, with a counterfeit damp thereon, knowing the Tame ro he c ounterfeited, every Inch person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it cnailed, That if any printer, painter, or (lainer of paper, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or 10 F 2 differ

Comn.ifii-crus ol ic* vnme 10 pro* w.\; hau-s-S itu-hs fl.d I,.1., which li. i, lie tl.i-nil..- t-j niMfctl cco,*‘ ho Hall

|IU*. do ill )' III. j..i) ivp-jcr

j.t

finmci, t;>. iki, Ac. n:.i) Ic alter* cd by com-nhJlioiiers,

too!. pir. I /

CD (Ul’IliCT*

feilit g

ucri o> mat ks.

prrfrns who coutucifcit stamj-e or (<.i!s Hall be tun'i'Oticd,

»cc!. penalty for fct’inr p* per with a counterfeit lUmp.

50l. penalty for defacing mar'< 5,‘Vc. for every piece-

853 The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798. Chap. 2 4

50k r<na^>* for affixing any frame-mark or f«r.l of any piece which has been on another, and paper forfeited.

Paper, mar or unmarked, found in any p! e-bringing in a piper II i icr, ofwlikh place no twice given toe (Hi-cei (hi'llm forfeited, penally jd.

Upon the oath of a cre di-le ,vVl. a comm fl)"n-cr or n aj*il-trate «* «v i* sue a tv 11 rant 10; me 1 fur pap. r (.*;>-poled tt-be liable to duty 5

fufTer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame-mark, number, or mark, put in pursuance of this act, on any piece or lheet of paper, to denote the measure thereof, every fuel) printer, painter, or llainer of paper, shall forfeit tile sum of fifty pounds, for every piece of paper, or lheet of paper, on which the frame-mark, number, or mark, so put, shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated or defaced.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall, by any means, or contrivance upon such paper affix to, or upon any piece of paper, or lheet of paper, printed, painted, or llained, any frame-mark, or any (lamp, or seal, which shall have been before affixed, or put on any other piece of paper, or lheet of paper, printed, painted, or llained, then, and in every such case, such person so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and every piece and lheet of such paper, whereupon such frame - mark, llamp, or seal shall be so fraudulently affixed or put, Hull be forfeited and seized.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall keep any paper, printed, painted, or llained, or to be printed, painted, or llained, marked with a frame-mark, denoting the measure thetcof, or with a (lamp or seal, denoting the charging of the duties thereon, or unmarked, with either such frame-mark, or fitch (lamp, in any ware-house, room, or place whereof no notice shall have been given pursuant to this act; and , if any paper printed, painted, or llained, or, to be printed, painted or (tained, whether marked with a frame-mark, or unmarked, or {lamped, shall lie found in the peflession of any printer, painter, rr stainer of paper, in any ware-house, room or place whereof such notice tliall not have been given, then, and in every such case, the party so offending, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and all such paper so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

XL.V. And be it enacted, That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible person or persons, that he, she, or they have reason to ful’pest or believe that any paper printed, painttd, or (l.tined in this kingdom, for which a duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been stamped as by this act isdirefled, is in the custotly or possedion of any person not be-'.ing a printer, painter, or stainer of paper, without having thereupon such damp or seal as is by this act required, to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for any 1 ‘ commissioner

u.i it. J.

R

- i<*|i /or-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. ^53

\ I}

commissioner of excise, or for any one justice of the peace, *' from time to time, to issue his warrantor order, thereby authorizing and requiring any officer or officers of excite, —, with the assistance of a constable or other peace officer, in

the day time, to search for the fame, ami to open doors, t« :s l !;’ cherts, trunks and packages, and to seize such paper, <,!ii.- r,.»i printed, painted, or stained, not having such or

seal thereon; and such paper, primed, painted or stained, found unstamped in the possession of any such person shall be forfeited.

XLVI. Provided always, That no remnant of any piece of such printed, painted, or stained paper, being of less fjiin :.* length than shall be expressed by the frame-mark thereon, being so found, having fuel) (lamp or seal as by this ail is required, at one end thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such stamp or seal at both ends (hereof; and if 5ol. rM,w any person shall obstrufi any officer of excise from entering j", VPisVcmo any such place or places, lor the purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any paper by this ail forfeited, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVII. And for the better preventing of frauds by the Wiorcpi.

* J per is halfa

lengthening or adding to any piece, or remnant of a piece yard longer

of such printed, painted or damped paper, after such piece

of paper shall have been stamped or sealed at both ends for

thereof, as by this act is required; be it enacted, That an;l

o!.

if at any time any piece or remnant of a piece of paper,

i ! n \ t i r wh?re piper

printed, painted, or Itained, not having such frame-mark, is halt a yard and (lamp thereon, as by this act is required, or having !|°ani!iyIUn

f:ch lramc-mark and stamp at one end thereof only, and be- l’'V

ing of as great or greater length than shall be expressed by Mlis for. such frame-mark, or having such frame-mark and stamp at ;ol. both ends thereof, and being of greater length than shall be expressed by such frame-mark, by the length of half a yard, or more, shall be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, every such piece of paper or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Vol. XVI1J. ' 10 G

854 77j£ thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person who shall have actually paid the duty charged on any such printed, painted or stained paper, and f for any other person who shall buy or be lawfully entitled

allowed on to any such paper from the person who actually paid the

exportation. charged on the fame, to export such printed, painted

or stained paper to any foreign parts, by way of merchandize, and such exporter shall receive a drawback of such duty.

Requires

XLIX. Provided always, That such exporter, before the

to be per-

formal toon- shipping of such paper, shall give such security, and before

to drawback.' he shall receive such allowance or drawback of the said duty, shall perform such requisites ns are required to entitle merchandize to drawback of any duty; and provided that before the shipping of such paper due proof upon oath or affirmation be made that the said duly had been paid; and the collector of his Majesty's revenue, in the port from which paper shall be exported, shall pay the said drawback out of any money in his hands,

I'.qjv re- L. And be it enacted, That if after the shipping of any licinjentered such paper to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving of iKllb' such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the drawback clullvcofCX" herein before mentioned, the paper so shipped to be export-bond. cd, or any part thereof, shall be rel.inded in this kingdom.

then, and in every such case, over and above the penalties of the bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's life, all the paper which shall be so landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

Vines, &c. LI, And be it enacted, That all and every the flues, po-ruovcrrdn, najtjcs> arfo forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than cx-bke’rcmc.K-' cePl as l'’s ai^ 's otherwise provided for, shall and may oi be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form,

and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in, and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An at7 for the settling the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act; with like

2 remedy

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act or this present act is provided.

LII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand ij.j*. an,i"’ seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end flffi"/."'1 of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

In force

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in lb; Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient Administration rf Jufice, and for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary U'ay, at the Sefions of tbs Peace, of the several Counties at targe, within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for the better Execution of the Lave, and Preservation of the Peace, within Counties at large.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better and mere convenient administration of justice, and for the recovery of small debts in a summary way, at the fefions of the peace of the several counties at large,within this kingdom, (except the county of Dublin,) and for continuing and amending an act, entitled, An act for the better execution of the law, anti preservation of the peace within counties at large, it is enacted, That from and after the first day of September, in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, general sessions of the peace, or adjournments thereof, in every county at large, in this kingdom, shall he holden eight times in every year at the leaf; the four new sessions or adjournments to be holden in six weeks from the times respectively now by law appointed for the holding of the general quarter-sessions of the peace: and whereas it has been found by experience more conducive to the convenient and effectual administration of criminal and civil justice, in the several counties at large in the kingdom, that the said four new sessions should be holden as near as may be to the times notv respectively by law appointed for holding the general quarter-sessions of the peace, and that the times at which such general fe Eons are to be holden, flioiifd as nearly as the circum-(tances o( the several counties will admit, be fixed and determin-i o G 2 ed;

Recital Geo. 3-c. 25.

by hid ,i& four new fcf. fm c svcrc to be iJd in six weeks from general quarter fef. fionSj

it his been found better to hold laid sessions nearer quarter fefli-ons;

from i May, 179S, general (I'flion* ihallbe held 8 times a year, in all counties, except Dublin, nt times herein direct.-J,

fu.h frlli ms

Ihnll be cf-icftual;

civil bill courts to lie held h fu h fefliors, with like powers as nrc given by said act.

Aflidant barristers, or jultiers in their absence, to appoint days and towns for such fcfli;n$, at Michaelmas session; allowing lul-fic’tent time for execution ( of.business;

clerks of peace tocaufc no-ticcs to be printed and and polled,

5The thirty-eighth Year of George III. ed 5 be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ‘That from and after the fird day of May, in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, general sessions of the peace shall be holden eight times in every year, in every cou.pty at large in the kingdom, except the county of Dublin, at the times following, that is to say, in the week after the Epiphany, in some one division of every Inch county, and in the fame week, or in the week next ensuing at far-tlieft, in the other division of every such county; in the wee!: next after Easter Tuesday, in some one division of every such county, and in the lame week, or in the week next ensuing at iar-theft, in the other division of every such, county; in the week n-x: after Saint Thomas the martyr, in some one division of every liicli county, and in the lame week, or in the week next ensuing at farthest, in the other division of every such county; in the week after Saint Midiacl, in some cue division of every such county, and in the lame week, or in the w eek next ensuing at farthest, in the other division of every Inch county; and that Inch sessions shall be good and eflcctu.il sessions for the administration of cri-nin.il justice, and for doing all other btifiness of what nature soever, now by law appointed to he done at the general qturter-sessions of the peace, for every pait of the said counties respectively; and that a civil bill court Hull be holden at every of such sessions, for the rc-speflive divillons of such counties, with the like powers, authority, and jurisdiction, in every respect, now by law' given to the civil bill courts, holden at the times, and in the manner appointed by the said act of the thirty-lixtli year of his prdent Mi-jessy.

II. Provided always, That the assistant-barriller in every county at large, in the kingdom, or in case of his nblence, from fickncls, or any other cause, the other justices of the peace shall at a Michaelmas session in every year, appoint the days and towns (among those named by the proclamation of the lord lieutenant lor that purpose) at which the several sessions shall he hoklen for such counties respectively, taking special care to allow a sufficient number oi" days for the execution of the business of the respective sessions; and that, the clerks of the peace of every such county, shall in their respective counties, cause notices of the days and towns so appointed, to be printed, and to be fixed up and ported in every of those towns, and likewise in every market-town of the several

She thirty-eighth Year of George III. 8,57

several counties respo£tivuly, before the lirft dav of December A.D. next ensuing, in every year, and a!lb three weeks at the Least, be- 179S.

fore the days Co appointed for every session rel'pcflivclv; and (lie

Chap- ij.

gram! juries of the several counties are hereby authorize-! and cm- a!

° . . p l-'C> I*

powered to present a sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, (ji.ciUd; as a compensation to the several clerks of the peace, for their expence and trouble therein, upon an allid.tvit of’ such clerk of the peace, to he (worn before one of the judges of assize, and laid before Inch grand juries, shewing particularly that he has, and in what manner, complied with the provillons of this act.

III. And whereas it will tend to pr. note and advance, more ef- Airnt.w.i feflually the purposes of the said a cl, that the junfdiflion of the said assistant-lnrriflers, with relpefl to civil hills, should in certain k-jar and decafes he enlarged, and should also be extended to certain aflicits of rfinwr trespals, and also to certain actions on the case, to which their

7 7 nwi.it loi HO

powers do not, as the law new Hands, extend: be it further cn-afled, That it shall and may be lawful for the assistant-barrillers in uos'orin:fj>ifj, their respective counties, to hear and determine by civil bill, all ac- r""' tions of (rover and quantum meruit, in which the him demanded in the process shall not exceed the lnm of ten pounds; and also all actions of trespass for any injury done to the person or goods of the plaintiff, (criminal conversation with the wife of the plaintiff only excepted,) and also all actions on the case, (Hander only an 1 iftiw excepted) wherein the sum demanded in the process shall not exceed the sum of five pounds; and to award in like manner as they "* are by law empowered in other cases, such compensation in damages not exceeding the sum of five pounds, or ten pounds, respectively, in such actions as the circumstances of the case shall warrant.

IV. And whereas a table of fees, to be paid by persons filing, ct-rksa! or being sued in civil bill courts, is appointed and settled by the said act, hut no fee is therein appointed to he paid to the several clerks of the peace for their expence and trouble in 'xSmngfubpanas ad teflijicandum: be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the several clerks of the peace in their respective counties, to take the sum of four pence cn every fubpana ad teflificandnm, requiring the attendance of any witness on a trial by civil hill, to be by them issued.

V. And be it further enacted, That the oath hereafter to be ad- Oath to be ministered by the several assistant-barristers to the clerks of the by^In'tant^ peace, or their deputies, in their respective counties at the several hamamt* Tedious of the peace, at which causes shall be heard and determined peace.

by civil bill, shall be as follows:

Vol. XVIIL io 1-! 1 A.B.

'858 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. /A.B. clerk of the peace, or deputy, do swear, that I hive

1708. not already direct, or indirectly taken, and will not direct, or Chap, ly indirectly take any greater or other fee, or fttin or sums of money, or other thing, j or, or on account of any matter or thing done, or to be done, in any catfe to be heard and determined before the ajftftanl barrifler of this county of at this present session of the peace, by civil bill, than is allowed by an aB of parliament passed in the thirty-sixth year of present Majestys reign, entitled, An act for the better and more convenient administration of justice, and for the recovery of small debts in a summary way, at the fffions of the peace of the several counties within this kingdom j and also by another aB passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his said Majesty, for the purpose of amending the same.

£y faU recited ntf the loril lit:iir. jiihi eoii'ici! were empowered to divide the couiuies at Inrpe, except Dublin j

F> illir.p.cr'r, ist co. Wick* U:w, shall he two xlivificns,

Or itdf-baro-iv-.-s. as here-.i iJ-re.Hcd,

Jlecorder of Dublin to

lull) civil bill courts four times a year.

VI. Whereas by the said recited a<£>, it is enacted, That from and after the fir (I day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it (liouid and might lie lawful to and and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to divide each and every of the several counties at large within this kingdom, (except the county of Dublin) into ttvo divisions, for the purpose of more conveniently hearing and determining of civil bills only, and that each of such divisions shall confilt of a certain number of baronies, or half-baronies, or both; and whereas it may much contribute to the ease of the inhabitants of the barony of Ballinacor, in the county of Wicklow, if the said barony was divided into two divisions for the purposes of the said act: be it therefore enacted, Tint f.oin and after the first day of May next, the said barony of Bdilinacor, shall he two distinct divisions, or half-baronies, for the purposes of the said receited act, and that one of said divisions shall conlifl; of the parish of Kilcoinmon, and those parts of the parishes of Kilpipe and Tlacketftown, which are fitnate, lying and being in laid barony, and shall be called and known by the name of the upper half-barony of Ballinacor; and tint the other division thereof shall conlift of the parishes of Rtthdrum and Derryloilary, situate, lying and being in said barony, and ih dl be called and known by the name of the lower half-barony of Ballinacor.

VII. And be it enacted, That the recorder of the city of Dublin, Hull hereafter hold courts for hearing civil bills, four times in every year, as nearly as may conveniently be, at equal distances from each other, to be appointed by the recorder.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXVI.

/in Act to empower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for the County of Dublin, and for the County of the City of Dublin, to continue to hold a Sejffions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, begun to be hoi den before the Essoign Day of Term, not nithstanding the Sitting of the Court of King’s Bench, in either of the said Counties, and to enable all Judges of Afire, and Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer to order Persons in Execution, to attend before them as Witnesses.

WHEREAS, by the law of this realm, the authority of justices appointed by commissions of oyer and terminer, or of gaol delivery, is fnl'pended by the fitting of his Majesty's court of King’-s Bench, in the county for which such commission is awarded: And whereas it fotnc times happens that the gaols of the county of Dublin, and the county of the city of Dublin, have not been delivered, by reason of the elfoign day of term intervening during the session of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, and the fitting of the court of King’s Bench, in one or other of the said counties, by reason whereof divers prisoners have been detained in prison until another session, to the gicat hindrance of justice; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, in the year one thous.md seven hundred and ninety-eight, when any session of oyer and terminer, and general goal delivery for the said counties of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, or either of them, commenced in the vacation between any two terms, the same session may be continued to be holder), and the business thereof finally concluded, aiuinugh such icl-fion should be protracted and continued until the cfio:->ti day of the term next ensuing the commencement of the fame, and the fitting of the court of King’s Bench in confcqtience thereof, in either of the said counties; and all proceedings, judgmci.tr, and all acts done in consequence of such proceedings and judgments, made or done at such sessions so continued after the elfoign day of any term, shall be good and valid in law, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

859

A.D. 1798.

Preamble

'lny (Vfif: >r. ’:f c.i.t tnj t'Tihinvr fnr the coutvy or C'uRtJ of ciiv 11 Dublin. cf’ni* ninitcJ in

vacation, may

be cortir.ucd unti! tflirgn d.ty ar<l fitting of King’s bench;

proceedings at such con. lit u d ftfli* ons fin! be v: lnl.

10 H 2

II. To

860 T’Zv thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

II- To prevent delay in bringing tip persons in execution, to

17<)8- give evidence upon trials to be hat! at the affixes, or before commissioners of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery; be it enacted,

order persons j’|,at it shall and may he lawful to and for indices of assize, tiifi in execution , '

to be brought firms, or commissioners of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, by order in writing to be by them respectively signed, to direct any personin execution, and in the custody of any sheriff or other officer, in any county tvhcrcin they shall fit, to he brought up for the purpose of giving evidence in any cause or trial to he had before them, respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That if any action shall be brought against any sheriff or other officer for bringing up any person

up to Rive evidence.

If.iflions 'be brought

riftioroXrs, in execution, in obedience to such order, lie and they may plead for brin ;ing lip such persons they may pleat! the general issue.

&c.

A publick ici.

the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or forbear further proceedings, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass again! such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which such defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in cases in which cods are by law given to defendants.

IV. And be it further en.iste.1, That this act shall be deemed a publick act.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for p’l’iilvng Mutiny anti Bejertion, and for the letter PjynnU of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

WHfiHEAS the Tailing or keeping a handing army within this kingdom, in time of peace, unless it be nidi the content of parliament, is against Jaw: and whereas t is judged necessary by his Mije.l/, and t-.is present parliament, that a body of forces flnttld be o itiiu:1 for the safety of this kingdom and the defence of the padVfiiaj of his Mijalty*s crown.; nd that the whole number of such forces should consist bf thirty-two thousand eight hundred aifd fifty-four men; whereof twelve thousand men, commissioned and non-commissioned o leers included, shall be kept within this king Ion, for the necessary defence of the fame at all times, except in cases of i vafion or rebellion in Great Britain; and seventeen thousand six hundred and twenty m'en, commilfidned mid rion-commissioned officers included, or the defence of t-e country in he present situation of affairs: and whereas no man caH he forejudged of life orli.i b, or subjected in lime of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and a.cording to the known and established law of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining i ail

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 8 Gt

all the before mentioned forces in their duty, t'iat an exact discipline be observed*A.D.

and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's I yC)8.

service, be brought to a more exemplary ami speedy pumfliment than the usual Chap-27* forms of the law will allow: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the l.-rds spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assemble.J, and by the authority of the same, That if any person being muflcrod, or in pay as an officer, or who U ox shall be enlistetl orin pay as afoldicr, shall at any time fluring the coutmua-.cc of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or fruition in the regiment* troop, or company to which he d ;ih Ldong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine forces in Ms Majesty's service, or shall notufehis utrnoft endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intcuded mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer} or shall misbehave himself before the enemy, or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fomefs, poll or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall he commanded to defend, or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speak words, or life any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer or others, to mifbelmve before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon cr deliver up any garrison, fortress, poll or guard committed to their respective charge, or which, lie or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall Icaj'c his poll before relieved, or shall be found fiecping on his post, or shall hold correspondence with, or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, either by letters, messag-s, signs, or tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever, or shall treat or enter into any kerms with such rebel, or enemy, without his Majesty's license, or Heenfe of the general, or chief commander, or shall strike, or use any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of Ills office, or shall difubey any lawful command of his superior officer, or shall desert his Majesty's service; and all and every person or persons so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, Anil fuller death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall he awarded.

ft. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any non-commissioned officer orfoldier, cnlifled orin pay in any regiment, troep, or company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular difehafge therefrom, cnlifl himself in any other regiment,'troop, or company, shall be deemed to have deferred his Majesty's service, and fbnll in like manner suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall be awarded.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether soldiers who of right belong to another corps in which they first enlistel, and from which they hate not obtained a discharge, may he proceeded against and tried for deferring any corps ill which they may afterwards have enlisteJ, or for any crime committed by them whilst serving therein: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who is or shall be enliffod or i.i pay as a soldier, in any regiment, troop,

Or company in his Majesty's service, shall desert the fame, or /lull, whilst serving therein, commit any offence ?gainst this act, or against the rules or articles of war, such person shall be liable to be tried by a court martial, and punishud in like manner as if he had originally eulifted in, and of right belonged to the fame, ntfvitlistanding it shall have been discoveretl cr known that lie had previousl; belonged to fonw other -regiment, troop, or company, ami not been d.feharged therefrom.

V.oi. XVIII. io I

862 The thtrly-eiginh Year of George III.

A.D.

17y 8. Ch^p.2 7

IV. Provided always, That if such pcvfou fnnil be claimed by such other regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded arpiinft as a defoner therefrom, los subseqneni desertion from any one or more corps in which he may have unwarrantably enliltad, may, unless he finll already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence, as an aggravation of his crime, previous notice being always given to such deferier, of the full or f.icts intended to be produced ir. evdence upon lii-i trial.

V. And be it further cnndM by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may from time to time by hi-; i*>y .*! commission, empower the lord lieutenant o this kingdom, or other chief governor or governors cf h; fame for the time being, to appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct Ills or their warrant to any general officer having the chief comtnan of a body oi forces within this kingdom, authorl/in; him to convene general courts martial, as occasion, may require, for the trial cf offences committed by any of the forces under his command} all which gencrj coasts mtmial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings attending to the evcral provisions herein after specified.

f VI, And be-It further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for uch courts mar ial by their tbntonce or judgment, to Lflitl corporal punlihment, not extending to life or limb, on any folder, for immoralities, misbehaviour, or neglect of duty.

yil. And it is hereby further, quailed and declared, Tint no general court martial which shall be hold under the authority o.: this act, shall confiff of a left number than thirteen commissioned office s, and the president of such general court martial Dull not be th , commander in chief nor governor of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under 'the degree of a field oiccer, unless where z field officer cannot be had, or in any case wlritsoever under the coree of a captain} an I that all general courts martial fua i have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witacls, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before diem.

VIII. Provided always, That in all trials by general courts mania!, to be held by virtue of this act, every member a Aiding at fucu trial, before any \ rocceding; be had thereupon, shall tike the following oaths upon the holy Evaageliits, before the judge advocate, or Ids deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administ« v the fame,) that is to say, " you shall well and truly try and determine according tot your evidence in the matter now before you.

Sp help you God.

I A.B. do fiver.}-) That I will duly adttibnjler jufilce, according, to the rules nr.d cuticles fir the better government of Lis Mrjejlfs forces, and according to an at? of per-li.iir.rit now in f. rce fir the pnr.ifhineut cf mutiny and defirtion, and other crimes therein mentioned, without pat tidily, favour, cr aft el ion and if aiyjhnk Jbeil arise wlnh is mt explained ly ti e fail articles or e£l of parliameu, ccecrdi'ig to tny confience, the hjl of my unde landing) and the custom of war in like cases. And /further fivear, tint I will not dhulye the faience of the court until it full he approved of by l\s Majify, cr by feme persons duly authorized by him { ne tier will 1, up:u t vy acccup.i, at any tune what-fever, dfclofc or discover th vote or opm-n of any for titular mender of tie court mar-ti 7, t,nleft required to give evidence there j, us a with-fi, b) a com fjufdce, in a oar o }j f.nw.

5c I.tip me Cal,

cted

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 863

And ns soon as the said oath shall have been adminHlerul to the respective mem- A.D. hers, the president of the court is hereby authorized am! required to administer to 179* the judge advocate, or the person officiating es such, an oath in the following Chap* 2J. verdj.

1 A.B. do fiveart That IivHl not, 'tpm any ncczur.t, ci anytime lal-atfever % £f-c!;f ;r difaver the vote or opinion cf </.vy particular mend-tr of the court imwetaf, :r.!rfs I, give evidence thereof as a xiinest, in a due courfccj laic.

So help me Gid.

And no fen fence of death shall be given against any offender in such case by any. general court martial, unless nine officers present shall concur therein; and in all cases vhere :< court martial shall consist of more officer; rkni thirteen, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two-thirds at tbs lead of the officcis present} a;:d no proceedings or trial shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and three i:i lire afternoon, except in cases which require a:i immediate example.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, or of any other offence, to which the pimiffiment of de-fertirn is annexed by this act, tthensoever the court martial which shall ;Ws (entence upon such trial, shall not think the offence defending of capital punishment, Inch court martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, adjudge the offender, if i: cy ffi)ll think fit, to serve as a soldier in any of the corps stationed in any of his Maj-;fly’s dominions beyond the fens, or in foreign parts for life, or for a cer-r.hi term of years, according to the degree of offence j and if such soldier shall afterwards, without leave from his Majesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he shall-he appointed to serve, return into this realm before the cxpir.trbn of the term limited by such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court-martial, he shall fuss:r death.

X. Provided always, That the party tried by any general court-martial, (Inll be entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any other person or persons on his behalf, he or they plying reasonably for the fame, at any time not sooner than three months after such sentence, whether such sentence be approved of or not, any thing in this act to the c'-ntrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th.tt every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court-martial, do, and lie is hereby required to transnut with as much expedition as the opportunity of time and diffance of place can admit, the original proceedings and sentence of such court martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to he laid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to hz lodged with the judge advocate general in Dublin $ which said original proceedings fiid sentence ffiail be carefully »kept and preferred in the office of such judg: advocate-general, to the end that the person entitled thereto may be cna-b:.*l upon nppficatijn to the office to obtain copies thereof, according to the t.*jo ir* "!t and meaning or this a cl.

XIf. Provided also, and be it further enacted and tied ir.-d, That none of the pi .‘.ceding* of any general or regiment.il court nurti.d, nor ;nv entry or; «>')* thereof, Hull be charged cr chargeable with any damp duty wtibever, any '.M:ig cor.tai ud in any former r.5! or act-s to the contrary notwiui undi g.

XIII i'r-nided always, and bo it hereby tiecl-rcd and .-marled, I'liat vno ^cer or soldier beirg acquitted or convicted of any offence, be iiabl t to be tried a l\v.> d

IO 1 2 tmic

864 Tbs thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Q time by the fame or in)* other court martial for the fame offence, unless i:i t!>;

case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court-martial; and that no (Js- 79®* tence given by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, be lulu1 tu phap. 27. be rcvifed mere than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or i>j construed to exempt any officer or soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary couifc of Jaw.

XV. And for preventing of frauds and deceit in the muttering of soldier;, be it further cnacied by die authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby t»> acii'l* any soldier for his absence {rum any mutter, or any other fenrice which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, prof.sickness, being in prison, or on furlough: then ev«y fuchpetfoa

so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, shall, for every such offence, fer-feitthefumof fifty pounds, ami shall be forthwith cashiered and difpiaced from his , office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office ot employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the 2bfe»ce of ai.r soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of them; and the conmi-hrr of the mutters, is hereby directed to set down on the roll, at the time of the tiling of the mutter, the reafoo of the absence of such soldier respective.'y, and by whom.cerlified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of fu.*h ccitia-cate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer . that shall make any false or untrue mutter of man or horse, and every commissiry,

mutter-matter,.or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or fan tin muster-roll, wherein such false mutter is contained, or any duplicate thereof; and also every commissary, mutter-matter, or other officer who shall dtredly or iad>

rcdUy trike,.or cause to be taken, any.sum or sums of money, or any gratuity, on . or for the muttering of any regiment, troop, or company, or on or for the fipi«

% ing of any matter-rolls, or any.duplicate-thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath; made by iwo witnesses before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, which . is hereby authorized and required,to administer such oath, shall fer such offence , be forthwith cashiered, and displnced from such his Office, and shall bi thereby ut-t terly difcbled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within tills r realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com-. miflary or mutter-matter upon any mutter to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such mutter made, give, notice to th:

mayor, or other chief nugittrate or officer of the place where the said foldiersfo , to be muttered shall, be quartered, who is. hereby required-to be present at every such.mutter, and give his utmost assistanecior the discovering any false or untrue mutter there made, or offered to be made 5 and that every such commissary or . musterrmattermjking or taking such mutter, that shall neglect to give such nonce as aforesaid, or shall refute to take the aid find qffiftance of such >mayor, chief ma-..gistrate, or officer where the foUiers to be muttered shall be. quartered, shall for-. feit the sum of fifty pounds, ami shall be discharged.from his office; aml no muster-roll shall be allowed, unless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or othtT chief magistrate or officer respe£Hveiy; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate , or officer fluU not, upon due notice given, attend such mutter, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refu-. ful, that then the commissary may proceed to mutter such regiment, tnop, or . company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that 35 soon after taking such mutter :s 4 conveniently

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 86$

Conveniently may be, oath be made by the commisstry or mutter-mailer, before .'A.D.

any of his Majesty's justices of the p*.ioe for the county whore such mutter shall

betaken, or otherwise before one of has Majestty’s courts of record, or befote a-Chap, 2^.

mailer in chancery in Dublin, th. inch notice was truly given to the said Jlgtyor, chief magillwito, or officer as afori/iid.

XVIII. And be it further cnacV d by the authority aforesaid, That if any person ih.ill be falsely muttered, or offer Iii.nsUf lailely or deceitfully 10 be muttered,

upon proof thereof nvule upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justico <tt the peace for the county where such mutter fb?ll he made, and upon ccrliiicat: thereof in writing under the hand of the commiflar/ of the mutters, or chief ma-

gitlrate-as aforesaid, made to such Julliee of the peace, the said justice is hereby

authoviied and required to commit such offender to the house of oorredlion, there to remain for- the space of ten days; audit' any nevfon flvil! wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any horse to be muttered, which shall not truly belong to the troop or troops so muttered, the said horfo so faiibly muttered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the perfm lending or furntlhing the said

*liorfc; or otherwise the person lending or fumittiing-the said horse, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnesse-rbefore the next justice of the peace; which twenty pounds (lwll he levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the said justice, by diilrefs ami Pale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, Tendering the 'overplus, if any, to the owner; and in case such offeiuler shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon ditlvefs may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such penalty within four days after such convicbon, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace flnll and may,-by warrant under his'hand and feitl, either commit such offender to die common gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publicity whipped at the diferedon of such justice*, ami the said forfeiture ttmli he to such person or persons that fhtdi give information thereof; ami the said informer or informers, if belonging to the unice, shall have a right to’he JtiehargeJ forthwith, if he or they shall demand die fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissioned olnccr, ttore-heeper, or eomn.itV.try> that shall embezzle or manifdliy cause to be embezzled ot mifuppiied, or shall wilfully or through neglect, fullct any provisiona, forage, arms, clt thing, ammunition, or other miiitaiy ttorcs to be fpoded or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath, made by two wimefies before a general court-martial, wluh is hereby authorized. and required to administer fuvh oath, shall be forthwith difm.iTed his Majesty's furvtce, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make pond at his own expenre the loll; and damage thereby fuftai'icd, to be afecrtaiticd by such court-martial, which flnll have power to feue the goods ar.J chattels of the j erlon so offending, and fell them for the payment of the said one hu wired pounds, and such damage; and if luiTicient goods and chattels cannot he found and tVut^d, then the pjihm so offending shall be committed to prtfon, or the lomnion gaol, to remain there for six months, without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and utter the said sum shall be recovered and letted, the same shall be appl.cd ait.l disposed of as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XX. And be it furthtr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commis-fary of the mutters, or ir.uller-matter, either of the land forces or marints, making or taking a mutter, do make oath before the r.nrvor or chief magiiltzte attending the making or taking such mutter a:; att.rcfatd, if fuel: n*:*yor or chief mngtftiate so attending be a justice of the puce, or cthctv. if; before one ot ht»M.q;ft/s cotirc*

866 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, who is hereby authorized to 179b*. administer the same in manner following:

Chap. 27.

I A.B. do swear, that I fata, at the time of taking a unifier of such troops cr companies of this regiment as lay within my pre/ent circuit, fuel) men or borfn of such troops or companies so nwfiered by me as are borne and not respitid, on the nuttier-) dl% for which men or hsrfes a fgned certificate or certificates are not endorsed on tht bad: of the roll, certifying their being olfentfrm the mttjhr by reafin of being employed in fine ether duty of the regiment, or by being ftch, in prison, at furlough, cr at gnfs, cr ly a fgned leave from the colonel or field officer^ cr officer commanding the regiment y tnop, or company. Ilikeivife fivear, that lajfifiedin examining and comparing this mujUr-roll with the regimental bock , that I haveJecn and examined the at (fattens cf alt th: recruits of the periods, that I find them compleat, and believe them to lx jufi and aired.

Winch oaths the said commissary, or mutter-matter is hereby directed to mfert and subscribe 011 the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the commissary-general of the mutters, and as soon as the commilfaries of the mutters shall have severally compleated their circuits within twenty-one days afeer the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the mutter-matter general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, who is hereby directed to attend, before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a nu.tter in chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

I. A.B. do/wear, that at the times and places severally named in the n.vfier-rj.ii taken by me of the following regiments3 viz.

I was personally prefint, and did at the time of taking the said nrifiers, assist hi can* faring the fever a I muster-rdls with the regimental leeks cf thefcvr-al regiments, traps or companies, and that I believe them jufi and correct. Taken befoi e me.

' Which said oath is to be attested by the said mutter-matter general, cr his deputy.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pav-master, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by the space of one month the pay of any officer or fof-dier, (clothes and all other just allowances heing deduced,) after such pay Hull be by him or them received, or if any officer having received his soldier* s pay, Hull refuse to pay each respective non-commissioned officer and soldier their ivfpedlive pay, when it shall become due, according to the fever.d rates established by order of government, then upon proof thereof befote a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that purpose held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or officer so offirndi.g, shall be ciifcharged from Ids employment, and shall forfeit to the informer upon convi£Uon before the fr.id court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the informer, if a soldier, if he demands it, Hull be, and he is hereby discharged from any further.service, any thing in this acb contained

to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, and tint a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the facial tvgiments and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby rc<ju:r-d and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given b) ids Majesty, under his sign manual, or by his Mnjetty’s chief governor or governors of

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from iris office, and be utterly disabled to have or hold any such office in his Majesty's servie? in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary shall muster any penon by a wrong name, knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a general court-martial, the said officer or commissary shall fuller such penalties, and ill such maimer as is directed and infll&ed by this act upon those who flmil make fallc mutters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, an act thprevent the disorders that nitty happen by the marching cf fzl-diers, and providing carriages fir the baggage offoldiers on their march, it is amongst other things enacted and declared, That no officer, soldier, or trooper in her Majesty's army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train " of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer cm ntanding the said yeomen, nor any feyvnnt of any fuel* officer, shall at any time " hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom, " five only during such time ns he or they Hull be, and remain in fame fennort town, in order to be transported,-or during such time ns there flmil he any commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency, herM;>j:{ty’s atmy, or any considerable part thereof shall be commanded to inarch " from any part of this kingdom to another, or during such time or limes as " he or they shall be on their march as aforesaid." And whereas the barracks of this kingdom arc not at present sufficient to lodge nil the forces upon its mi-, litary establishment: and whereas it may be neccflitry to Itation part of the troops in places where there arc not barracks, or net sufficient hn*racks to hold them: be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the «u* thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, nctwitMlanding the said recited act, to and for the constables and other chief officers and n*..njjftni:es of cities, towns, villages, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace, inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for r.o others, and such constablec, and other chief magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's service in inns, livcry-ttables, alc-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging*, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder or mctheglm by retail; ami where there shall not fcc found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary; nor Hull any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective soldiers present tube quartered all which billets, when made out by such chief magistrates or con-thh'cs, shall he delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present; and if any const'ble or such like officer or inagiflrat* as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such officer or soldier in any Iiout'e not within the meaning of this act, without the eoafent of the owner or cct-upier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or their remedy at law ngaiuft such ir.wr'lliale or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall fufliin thereby; and i' any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otlici wife than is limited ami allowed In* this ail, 01 tin! tife or offer any menace or compuhion to or upon any mayors, constables, or other civil officers before mentioned, tending to detar or diico;tr.vje any of them* from performing any part of their duty her.‘by required or appointed, fjcli military officer shall, f r every such cflcncc, being thereof comic led \\ f«*:e any two or mote of the next jufficcs of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witncG;-, be deemed and taken to be ipfi sech cashieral, am! shall be ut»:rlv dilhhl.d to have

ic K 2 Kt

867 A.D.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

or hold any military employment within this kingdom; provided- the said ccinvitfic:. he aflirmed ;tt the next assizes or quarter feffiens of- the pence for the said county, or county of the city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in-case ;mv person shall find Jiimfclf aggrieved, in that such constable, chief officer or magistrate, not being a justice of the peace, has-quartered or billeted in his house, agiuirt number of foluier?. than he ought to -bear in proportion to his neighbour-;, and lull complain thereof to- one or more justice or justice. of the peace of the division, c;rv. or liberty where such soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief o;'»ccr or trute shall be a justice oi the peace, then on complaint made to two or more -just’cev of the peace of fu-.h tin ilion, <ity, or liberty, f«ch justices respectively shall have, and have hereby power to relieve such psrfons, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed and quartered-ujnn such other person or persons as they fi t;tl! ucc cause#; arul fuel, other person or persons shall be-obliged-to^ receive such foidic/s accordingly.

XX\'. And whcica.; groat inconvenience happens from the I dieting of foid;t:i singly: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter, a less number than two men Hull be billeted in any one house, and such - billets ruv be changed once in every month if thought ncccllitry by- the chief magiltr.itc, to prevent any- burthen the.cby arising from failing heavy-on particular individuals.

XXVI. Ar.d as voryq re at detriment and inconvenience art ics to the ferviec from the difpctling and billeting of soldiers when on a ma?ch - at -a great- dulance from live place or pl.sccs v.hcte they me meant to be quartered,-and contrary to the true intent an 1 r.:«nsng of cite laid lull receited act, and by reason of which they are ph.ced wide of tl.eiv intended-route for the next day’stmarch: be it therefore enacted by flic authority aforesaid, That at no time when troops are cn a march, shall any of them he billi:.'. abora one mile Tram the place or places mentioned i:t the route.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tlv.t it any officer-shall take, cr-cause to be taken, or knowingly fuller to-be taken, any money of any person for cxculing the-quarters of officers or soldiers, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer-shall be cashiered, and.be incapable of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

XXVIII. And whereas great inconvcjlivencies have nrifen, ami mayarife in furh , places where horse or dragoons are, or - may be-quartered, by the billeting of the . men and their horse? at different houses, and often at great dillances lrom one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of tills aft: be it therefore ensclcc by the authority afcref.iid, That in all places where horse or dragoons 'shall be tnnr-tered or billctjd in jnirfuauce-of this act, for the future, the men and their horse?

shall be billeted in one and the fame house, except in case -of r.cccfiity, and that in no other case whatsoever there he less than one man billeted where there shall he one or two hovfcs, nor L*f; than two -men where there shall be four horses, and lb in

- proportion-for a -greater number; and in such case, each man shall be billeted a> near his horse as possible.

XXIX. And whereas some doubt -have arisen whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered ia any town or place with another man or hor.c quartered in the same place for the benefit of the ferviec j be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above mentioned, may be nude by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at tlut

rime billeted on fuel) house or licufes; and the con (fables, tithing-men, head-

# boroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, villages.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

-or other places where any regiment, troop, or company fli.ill be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no pay-master general, or paymaster of the army, paymaster of the marines, secretary it war, commissary, or muster-master, or any other officer whatsoc cr, or their under-c-lficers, Hull receive any fees, or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or foidier jn his Majestys army, or from their agents, which ll»nll grow due from and after the f.iid thirty-fir.i day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, -other thui the usual dedudUons for clothing, and such other necessary deductions as are now made, or thall from time to time be direct’d by his Majesty under Jus royal figu manual.

XXXI. And due the quarters of -o.ficers and foMiers in this kingdom, may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of o.cife better ailftt’Cl'Cd, and -that the owners of houses on whom officers and-soldiers shall be billeted, may be encouraged -to provide proper accommodation for such officers, fohliers, and horses: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops shall be on their march, or during such times as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer and fol-'dier during the time he or they -shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rates, viilr/icrt, in Dublin, for each field officer and-captain, eight shillings; for each fubaitern officer, seven shillings; for each ferjeam of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, Or fool foidier, six-pence halfpenny: in the country, for each field officer or captain, five shillings; for *3ch fubnltcrn officer, three shillings and ‘six pence; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corpora! of horse, one shilling; for each trooper, 'dragoon, or foot foidier six pence; the payment of the officers lodgings to be -made by the officers themselves in the present accustomed manner; the payment -of the mens’ lodgings to be made monthly, by the commanding officer of each

corps, in each quarter, in consequence of money fern them for that purpose, by their several regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money, -such Anns 'shall be advanced to them, as shall be nccelTary, for which the; regiments shall be accountable, and which sums shall be accounted for in the usual-ananner.

XXXII. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient (tabling for the horses so billeted, four pence per week shall be paid to the owners of (tables, for each horse, during the time each shall remain, in such manner and under such circumstances, as the quarters of the men-are paid; and in case of any troop or company being Suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective commanding officers are not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodging of the men, and (tabling of the horses, every such officer shall, before his departure, make up the account with every person with whom such troop or company may have been quartered, and sign-a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be transmitted to the agent of the regiment, that immediate payment imy be made in the accustomed manner.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the clinics and circumstances of this act, shall, in every particular, extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever, ami their recruits of his Majesty's land or marine forces, that may be employed on that fur-vice within this kingdom.; and quarters shall at all times, upon rcqtufition, be granted to such parties and their recruits as prescrib.-d by this act, they paying for the same at the rates before directed, notwithstanding there may be barracks in the places where uch quarters arc so demanded.

869 A.D. 1798. Chap. 27.

o The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

I).

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, Tint every noh-commissioned ofb c:r anj ibj.

cr» who shall be billeted according to the provisions in this act, fn.il! be cmi.lod , - to end receive proper and fuScient accommodation respectively, and also the ufj of

__kitchen utensils, to cook and eat their victuals in their qu irtcis.

XXV/. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the It.‘iter and more regular provifnn of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marclics, or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all julUcas of the p.m. within thrir several conuies, fliive;, divisions, liberties, and preeinft;, being d.d\ tctjuireJ thereunto by an order from the chief governor or go/emors of thU kingdom, or the general of his lufljdlv’s forces, or the mailer-general of Ids ordnance, tin!, as often as such order is brought and fiiewn unto one or mate of them by the qtuner-malbr, adjutant, qr other odicer, or uon-cotnmillbned o !i:r of the regiment, d;t ichment, troop, or company so ordered to nnrch, if.ue out lfa or their warrants to the conlhbles or petty conit‘.bias of the division, city, Laauv. hundred, and prceinfl, fiont, through, near, or to which such regiment, d.tach-mjnt, troop, or cox.junv Dull be ordered to march, requiring them to nuke such piwiflon for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the f.ml warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts miv not always bear the burthen; and in case sufficient carriages cannot l>-. provided v. ithin any such liberty, division, or preeinft, then the nextjustice or iuiUco-» <'f the peace of the n-..\t county or dr.‘.Son, ford!, upon such order as afarcf.til, being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the officers af-rcLid, iiiiie his or thetv warrant to the constable or petty conliibles of such r.ext comity, liberty, dhifson or preeinft, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such delieien.v; aid such conilable or petty constables Hull order and appoint such pirfon or pjr-,so:is, having carriages within their relpcflive libenics, as they shall think proper, to provide and furiulh such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, v.ho are hereby required to provide and Tumuli t!;e fame accordingly; and.if any military cilicer or oiiicers, for the life of whose troop or company the carriage was provided, Hull force and conllvain any carriage to travel mere than one day’s joutiwy, except as hereafter excepted, ov shall not discharge the fame in due lime forthrir return home, or shall fader any foltlier or servant, (except such as are lick) or am woman to vide in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any conilable or petty conilable by threatening cr menacing words to provide fuddle-horses for themselves or servant, or shall force horses from the owners by thetnfeives, servants, or soldiers, every such oif.cov, for every such ehence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made up on c.ath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county, who are to certify the same to the paymnller-general, or other respective paymaller of Ids Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the ufovesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hands and Teals of the aforesaid jndices of the peace of the said county, who are hereby impawned to deduct the same out of such ofluxr’s pay; and the aforesaid oflieer or oiiicers who by virtue of the afuref.lid warrant from the justices of the peace are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the conilable or petty conilable to whom the warrant is dwelled, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march with his carriage, to paydown in band to the owner of such carriage, cr his servant, the Turns herein after mentioned, for every mile or reputed mile they are 10 marca, that is to say, 'for every hundred weight which the owner or owners cf any w!u\l-carriage shall take as loading cn such wheel-carriage, the sum of one penny cn> sixth pint, for every mile, or reputed mile, he or they ihalltherewith march; and t' any oflieer or pv.rfun requiring such carriages a* aforesaid, shall neglect otf refuie to

juy

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 87 f

pavtolhe owner of fych carriage the sum hereby appointed to be paid, he and they {had forfeit the sum of forty shilling. flcrling, 10 the party injured, on such proof, ,*:d in such manner -as is herein before appointed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no owner of such carriage be compelled or obliged to take, any loading, until the fame find! be f.rfi. duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of such carnage, if lie or they shall think fit, .-ud the fame can be don: in ;i reasonable time, without let or hindrance of hU Ma-jjilv's ferrice; ami if any officer or other perrtm requiring such carriage, shall force or tomp:l the owner to take any loading until the Amo il.all he full duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reasonable lime as aloiefuiil, or shall contrary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or his servant, put or permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than as is herein after directed, either a: the time of loading, or on the march, every such officer (bail for every such otTence, forfeit lire sum of twenty shillings to the party injured, on such proof ami in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, Tint no carriage imprefied by authority of this act, shall be liable or obliged to carry above six hundred weight; and if the owner shall content to carry above six hundred weight cu any carriage, Ire shall he allowed and paid at the rate of one penny one-sixth pan per mile, for every hundred above the weight of six hundred pounds put oil Ins carriage $ and the owner or owner* of such carriage or carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the firm of seven pence f<r mile or reputed mile at’the iejft, in case he or they shall he required to earn- a lcf> weight on such carriage <* carriages than six hundred pounds weight for each carnage.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if through lire neglect of any con-fhblc, after notice given as aforesaid, to provide carriages as before mentioned, the officer commanding in chief, shall be neccfiitated to halt, that then, a.»d in such cite only, it shall and may be lawful to and for f.iid officer to take the carriages ('ire Jay’s march move according to the route, paying one penny one-sixth part per mile 10: each hundred weight of loading as before mentioned j and the owners of such carriages, upon complaint made by them or their fervent or fen-ants to any justice of the peace or chief magistrate next adjoining where such carriages were to have been provided, shall receive, over and above the one penny, one-sixth part per mile per hundred weight of loading before Ipicified, seven pence more per mile for each carriage, to be paid by the conlLrb’.e who mads dcfiuk in providing carriages 5 the said brfl sum to be levied immediately after demand and rcfuf.il, by warrant of any justice of the peace or chief magistrate of the place next adjoining j which said justice or chief ma girt rate is hereby required to grant the fame immediately 0:1 demand, without fee crreward.

XXXIX. And be it further ennded, That notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at lead, twenty-four hours before the march of any troops c.r companies of i'oidiers out of the ibid city, of the number of the troops or (ompanies appointed to march; whereupon the lord mayor for the time being,

11/,ill iummon a proportionable number of cars out of the licensed rnrs, brick cars, and other curs within the county of the said city, and so from time to time the said cars r.vc by turns to he implored in carrying the baggage of such tro?ps or companies, at the prices, and uniter the regulations heiein lufore men-tioard; ami it is hereby ilireticd, that no counay cars or carriages coming to the market of fit city, nor any cars or carriages comi vgto any of the markets of (his kingdom, shall be del lined or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

XL. And whereas several a As of p’.rlhment of ih.i sixth of queen Anne, and the second and fifteenth of George II. c fscond, and of the eighth and nineteenth

10-L 3 of

A. 1) r 70S. Clmp. i~

; 872 'Yhe thirty-eighth Year of George- III.

A.- D. of George the third, are now. in force for the providing of carriages for the bag.

1798. gage of soldiers.on their march; be it enacted, That the fereral clauses contained ( C'hap. 27.' 'n 4e laid acts relative to the carriage of the army-baggage, do from the passing s^.—y—of this act, ccafe and determine.

; XLI-. And be it further enacted, That the number of carriages to be allowed , each troop or company, (liallbe from time to time regulated by order of govern.

ment, in proportion to the establishment of such troop or company; and the sums , ordered to be advanced as. aforesaid, for the.payment of carriage of baggage by the officer or officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the paymaster-gene-, ralror lords comminioners of his Majesty's treasury of this kingdom for the time; being, without.fee or reward, on oath made-by such officer or officers before one ...of his Majesty’iJustices-of-.the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate . town, of his or their paymenfof such. sum or sums for carriages as aforesaid; and an account of the fame, being produced by the agent of the regiment, which account shall have been certified by the quartewnafter-general, to be- ch arged con.

formality to the orders of government, and the regulations prescribed by this ’

aft.

XLII. And be it further enacted by’ the authority aforesaid, That-uf-any.high-. constable, or petty-const.ible, shall. wilfully neglect or refuse.to. execute such wap , rants of the instiees of the peace, ;as..shall, be directed- unto thepi, for providing , carriages as aforesaid ;-or if any person or..persons appointed -by such.constable, or . petty-constable, to provide.or.furnish. any,carnage, and man,; shall-refuse orjiegleft , to provide the fame,-or,-any other, person or persons Whntsoever shall- wilfully.do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or fruf.

trated, cvery such constable or other person, or persons so offending,'shall for every such offence, forfeit anyifum not.excoeding -forty. fltillings,.nor. less than twenty fhil. lings, to the,life, of: the poor of the pafilh- where any such oiTence antl.offences Hiall

be committed,.and all and every such offenceand- offences;ffiaU and may be en. t, quire J of, heard and finally determined, by.two of his Majesty's justices of the peace_dwelling, in or near the place, where such offence shalUbe committed,-who have . hereby power to cause the said penalty,to-be-levied bydiftrefs and sale of theoffender's goods and-chattels, rendering the overplusi ifany, toithe owner.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military , or civil, by this act authorized-to. quarter soldiers in any houses. hereby appointed for that purpose, ^all.afc any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, childrenrmen orimaid;fcmnts>of any, officer.or foldkr in any such houses, against the content of the owners, the party offending, if an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate,..be fpy&ydfl^cashieredj. and if a constable, tithing-, man, or-other civil officer, he shall forfeit to-the,party aggrieved twentyihillings,

upon complaint and proof thereof made to jthe next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrimt of such justice,^by distress and'.sale of his goods, rendering the over-. plus to the party, after deducting reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLIV. ;And for the better, preservation of the game, in or near fuel) places.where any officers or soldiers shall at any time.be quartered: be it cn.t£lsd by the authority aforesaid, That if from and after the thirtyrfirst day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any officer or soldier, shall, without leave of the lord of the manor,.under his hand and seal, fuft had and obtained,-fake, kill, or destroy any hare, coney, ..pheasant, partridge, or any other fort.of fowls, or any pouhry or fifii, or his Majesty's game within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before . any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby impowered and authorised to hear and determine the fame, that is to say, every officer so offending,

8

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

dull, for every such cflt’uce, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to he duliiouted x\, snongst the poor of the place where such offence ihr.ll be committed} ami every j«.% officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by £j uhy soldier under his command, flwH forfeit the sum of twenty fiiillin;:, to be paid am! distributed in manner aforesaid; and if upon conviction made by the jnlliees of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overlcors of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer so.refusing or neglecting II.all forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to he null and void.

>.LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-cT.i. missioned officer wlto shall be convicted at a general or regimental court-martial of having embezzled or misapplied any money, with which he may have been cntnifled for the payment of the men under his command, or for cnlilling men into hh M.i-jesty’s service, shall be reduced to serve in the ranks as a private soldier, and be put under stoppages until the money be made good, and fuffirr such corporal punishmeat not extending to life or limb, nsthccourt-manial shall think fit.

XLVI. And whereas several soldiers being duly lifted, do afterwards: desert and arc often found wanderings or otherwise absent their.selves illegally from his Majesty's service: it is hereby further en.i£lcdj That it Hull and may be lawful to and for the constable of the town or place where any person, who may be reafoit-ably iufpefteil to be such a tteferier, fhnjlbs found, to apprduinl, or cause him h be apprehended, and to cause fuclr person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near- such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspecded person, and if-by his confession, or tlu testimeny of one or more with fs or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of peace, it shall rp-pear or be found, that such fufpc&ed person is a lifted fcldicr, r.nJ ought to be with the troop or company to widen he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause* him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where lie* ftial| be found, or the house of correction, or other public): prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be appiehcnded, cr to the provolt-martial, hi case such defvrtc; shall be apprehended within the city or liberties of Dublin, or places adjacent, a;nl transmit an account thereof to the duel* secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to: the end such person may be proceeded against- according to law; ami;the keeper of Inch gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive die full subsistence of such dofciler or deserters during the time that hc'Or dicy shall continue in liir. custody, for die maintenance of the said deferler or defeiteis, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of such deserter or deserters; any law, usage, cr custom to the contrary notvvitjillhnding i

XLVII. And for :thq better encouragement of any person or persons to ;fCcurc or apprehend such- dcfeitcvs as aforesaid: be, it further enacted by die authority Jfcreli-jd, That such justice of- peace shall also iliac his warrant in writing to the collector or collectors of his ?fcjcfi.yfs revenue, in the district where such deserter full be apprehended, for paying , out ;of fjhe. revenue by hint collected, into the h;.:ids of fitch person who shall apprehend, or cause. to be apprehended, :any.,dc-fer:cr from hit, Majesty's service, the sum of twenty. Joinings for every such jlcfetter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be futisfied by such collector or collc£lprs to whom such warrant shall be directod and allowed upon his account.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing hint to be such, the person :so offcml-tag, ll.all forfeit for every such offence the sum of five peunds; or if apy person

-674 '7/v thirij--ag!A/J Year of George III.

A.D.

flab kncv.inpjy detain, buy, or rr cthcrwuc receive any n.ecwarir., or

for every fitch offence the sum of five pmuuk upmi convicLrn, by the oath of cue or more credible vitness or witnesse: Ik fore ary of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respecthe penalties of five pounds, and five pounds to be Ie\ icd by warrants under the hands of the said justice or justices < f the peace, by distress and falo of the goods and chattels of the offender, one nudity of the find first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose means fiieh do ferter shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the Lilt mentioned penalty cf five pounds to be-paid to the informer, and the residue -of the said respective penalties to be paid to tllC Officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belongs and in

case any offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or nililling any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly rccehed any nceefiaries, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, nr having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed contrary to the intent of this ntl, fl nll net have iuf-

ficient goods ami chattels whereupon distrefi: may be made to the value of the po

nalties recovered against him for such offence, or f.-.all not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and.may by warrant under Ids hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without hail or mainprise for the space of three

months, or caufo such ottciufcr to be publicity whipped, at the discretion of fuili

XLIX. Provided always, That no commissioned officer fiv-tll break open any hrufc to search for deserters without warrant from a justice of the peace; and that every commissioned officer, who shall, without warrant from one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, which fai.l warrants the said justice or justices are hereby cm* powered to grant, forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelling-house or out-dioufe of any person wh itsoever under pretence of searching for deserter.?, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to am! for his Majesty to form, make, and cttablish articles of war, for the better government of Ids Majesty's forces.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for bringing offenders against such articles of war to justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to empower the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to creel and eonttitute courts martial with power to hear, try, and determine any crimes and offences by such articles of war, and to inflict penalties by sentence or judgment of the fame within this kingdom; and to summen before them witnesses, who during their necessiry attendance in such courts, and in going to and returning from such courts, shall be privileged from anreft in like manner, as witnesses attending any of his Majesty's courts of law are privileged; and that if any such witness shall be unduly arrcfled, he shall be discharged from such nvreft by the court out of winch the writ or process ifiucil, 1 y which such witness was arrcfled; or if the ccurt out of which the writ or process issued be not fitting, then any judge of the court of king’s bench, upon its being made appear to such court or judge, by affidavit in a lummnry way, that such witness was arrested in geing to, or returning from, or attending upon such cmrt-mrrtia!; and that all witnesses so duly fmrrmncd, vho shall not attend cn such courts, shall he liable to be attached in the crurt of king’s* bench, upon complaint made to the said court of king’s-bench, in like manner as if such witness had neglected to attend on a trial in that court.

justice.

LII. Providti

The thiri] -eighth Year of George III. §75

1,11. Provided always, TIi.it no person or person-; fludl lie adjudge*.! to ftift'er any pardfhm.'nr extending to life or !imh !>;.* the iY, I miile; of war within this kingdom, except for such crimes as are expressed to be Jb punishable by tb;s art.

I, IH. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any officer or soldier in any of his Majest'A dominions beyond the sea , or dlewhere beyond the seas, comm't any of the oflenc-s (viable by courts-martial by virtue of tins aft, and Hull come or !>: brought into this realm before he be tried by a court-martial for Utfti offence, such officer or soldier Hull be tried and pumped for the fame, as if the said offence h.'d b.vn committed within this realm.

I,

IV. Provided r.I'b, That no person m perfoM being acquitted or convicted of any c?pit:.l crimes, violences, or offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable tobepu-niihedby a court-martial for the fame, otherv,fife than by cafliicring.

IA,r. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commissioned officer, or Toldicr finll be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishnble by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, or company, or party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil mngiltrate; ami fitall also be aiding and a^ing to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender in order to bring him to trial; and If any such commanding officer shall wilfully ne-glcft or refufu upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or mure jsifliccs of the peace for the county where such fact is committed, by the oath of two credible witnessos, shall be -taken to he ipfifich cafliicred, and iiull be utterly difalded to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the fud conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-maitial.

I,

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future paynialler, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors or admi* niftratois of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or Toldicr by him or them received, shall on reason ible demand made by such executor or admi-milrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator, of such sum or sums of money as he or they fin’d have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such executor or administrator paying for the same, ant! shall account with such e.xe'utor or administrator for the frme; and that every such patroafler, agent, or clerk of any gaTrifon, regiment, troop, or company offending her-in, Hull £ rfeit the like penalties, and to be recovered in like manner as appointed by this act, for such colonel:, or agents not giving due accounts of or for the p iy of the said officers < r fenders, to and for such officers and soldiers themselves.

LV-I. And be it further enacted by the auih- ri:y aforrf.dd, That if any action, bill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought ngninft ..ny p.’rfm or p.rfms f r any act, matter, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of th aft, (hat it shall ami may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons fu-.-t! as af rcf.iitl, to plead thereunto the general issue, that he or they are not guilt-, and ro g‘ve such speci-il matt.-r in evittencedo the jury, which ill ill try the issue, whc’i fp cial matter be:ng pleaded, had been a good an i fuffieie-tt nutter in law to have difenar^ed the said defendant or defendants to the tr.-spafs or or;i*.r matte: laid to his or their charge; and if the verdict Hull pass with the said defendant or defendant? in any such action, the plain-10 M z tiff

A.D.

170-3. Chap. 27.

876 The thirty-eighth Year of George, III.

A.D.

tiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer nr.y discontinuance thereof, that in

1798. cv-ry foci* case the justice or justices, or such other judge before whom the faiil

Chap. 27. m:itter shall tried, (IwH, by force and virtue of this act, allow unto the defendant

t——or defendants, his or their treble coll?, which he or they Dial! have fuDainrd by reason of their wrongful vexation in defence of the said tiftion or salt, f >r which the said defendant or defendants "fhal I have the like remedy as in other cases where colls by the laws of this realm are given to the defendants*

LV11L And be it further enacted by the authority afor f.iid, That every bill, plaint, action, or suit against any perf -n or persons for any act, matter or tl.irg to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, T>r agaii.il any member or nrinifter of a court-marti d in respect of any feuteuce cf such court, or of any thing doi;e by vir.

tuc, or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in feme of the courts i f re-

cord at Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever,

LIX. And be it cuafted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons whatsoever who Hull directly or indirectly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuador procure any soldier or so'dters in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs or lu-;cessors, to defen, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall fuller such fine, imprisoMnent, or corporal punishnciit ns the court before whom such offence shall be tried, shall in their diferetioa think lit.

LX. And be it enacted, Tint it shall and may b: lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to depute by warrant under his hand and foal forne proper pt rfou to ffgn routes for the marching of any of his Majesty's forces, with the name cf such lord lieutenant, or chief governor.

LXI. And to prevent as far as in»y be, any unjust or fraudulent arrests that mey be nude upon fohliers, whereby his Majesty and the pubi may be deprived of ihcir service} it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who.is cr Dull be lifted, or who Dull Jill ami enter hinrfclf as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as a fuMier, (lull,be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of exeiution whatsoever, other than for some cri. minal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action, and uttless before

the taking out of such process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the

plaintiff* or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, ihalt make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which such process or execution stir.lt ifiuc, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff* or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the action or cause of action on which such process shall Issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to twenty pounds at Icaft, over and above all coils of suit in the fame action, or In any action on which the same shall be grounded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such prtcefs or writ, for which memorandum no fee shall be taken; and if any person Avail nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the’party himself, or by any his fupsrior officer, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties or otherwise, and by warrant under Jiis or their hands and seals to discharge such soldier so arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without paying any'fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a soldier in his MajestyV service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act} and also to award to the party -so complaining such colls as such judge or judge} shall think reasonable, for th>! recovery whereof he- fluff have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said ,2 . execution

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

execution might have had for his colh, or the plaintiff in the like action might /\

have had for the recovery of his colts in case jujgm.mt had been given for him with j

colts against the'defendant in the said action. £»{j

LXIf. And to the end that honcit creditors who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from persons entered into, and enlisted in his Majesty's service may not be, hindered from filing for the lame, but on the contrary may be afiilted ami forwarded in their suits, and inllcad of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occnsion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more cafy ami cheap method: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of action, to such person or persons so entered, or left at his or their hit place of residence before such lilting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatever, so as to entitle such plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry and to bait an execution thereupon, other than agiinlt the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this act or any thing herein or any former law or statitte to-ths contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it ciucled by the authority aforesaid, That from the passing of this act, no soldier being arrested, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any p irt of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company to which he Hull belong.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high* constable, constable, beadle, or other o licer orp.'rfin whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, shall quirur or biller, o: be employed in quartering or billeting any officers or foidters, Ih.iSI neglect or refafe to q urtrr or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in fae!i manner as it by this act direct;J, provided sufficient notice be given before tin arrival of fjch troops; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or sums of money, nr any reward whatsoever for or on account of excusing, cr in order to exetife any person or persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or soldier} 01 in case any victualler, or any other pci foil liable by this act, to have any officer or soldier billeted or quartered .011 him or her, shall tefufe to receive any such ollic.'r or loldicr, or shall refuse lo furnish or allow fufli-

cient ami proper accommodation, according lo the intention of this act, or utensils, to cook and eat th:ir victuals to non-co n.niffioaed officers and f Adlers so quartered on him or her as aforesaid, or lh?ll neglect or lcftife to furniili good and futticitiiit Ihbling for each] horns so quirtcred on him of her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before meiitioucl, and shall be thereof convicted before one or more justice or justii.es of the peace of the county, city, or liberty within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or vritneflfa, which oath the said justice or justices is ami are hereby empowered to-administer, every such high constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shilling*, as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter shall be heard, shall in his or their discretion think fit; to be levied by distress and falc of the goods of the person so offending, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or . of one or more of them, to be, directed to any constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where such offender shall dwell; which said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first place in Vql. XVIII. to N making

878 The shirtyfighh Year of George III.

A.D. nuking fu h satisfaction to any folilicr for the expence he may have been put to lv renfon of his not being billeted or quart red as aforesaid, as such justice or jdtici-shall order and direct, and the remainder (I.all be paid to the overltvrs of the pt rr of the pariflt wherein the olTcnee shall be committed, or to some one of them for the use of the poor of the said pariflt.

L\V. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the soldiers in pursuance ol this act: be it fuitlier enacted by the authority af< jeii.it:, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or jttftices of the peace within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by varrnr.t cr oidtr under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time cr tune.1; timing the continuance of this act, to require or command any high-constable, cimllffil:, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in purfut.ncc cf thin add, to give an account in writing unto the said jullitc or justices icquir'ng the fame, of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered rr bilLnai by them, and a!so the names of the heuse-keepers or persons upon whom every futh officer or soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the flrcet or place wh.ere every such house-keeper dwells, and of the f:gn (if cr.v) belonging to their Iioufes, to the end it may appear to the said justice or justice where such officers and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that lie or they nitty thereby be better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or bi'lttirg of them.

h\VI. Provided nciuthclcL, and it is hereby declared by the authority afon laid, That from an 1 after the thirt y-llril dav of March, one thou fund seven hundred ami ninety-eight, when and as often as any pcifon cr peifims shall he cnlilled as a folilicr or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, lie and they shall within four ays, but not looner than twenty-four hours after such enlisting respectively, he carried before , c nc\t iultice of the peace of any county, city, or place, or chief magistrate cf any city, or town-corporate, not being an officer in the army, and before such jt»f-tice or chief magistrate, l;c or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their dilV.ut t > such cnlilling; and upon such deehuation ami returning the cnJiflin g money, and also each person so difienting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so enlisted, shall he forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the presence of fuih justice or chief magistrate; but If such person or persons Hull refill'- or negiecl within the spaceef twenty-four hours to return or p ty such money aforesaid, he or they flu! be deemed and take 1 to be cnlilled, as it he or they had given his or their act'.n; ihcrco before the Lid justice or chi-.-f nv.igiltrate , or if such person or pirfoas shall declare Ids or their having voluntarily enlilled himself or themselves, then such justice or chief magii-trate shall, ami he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that imh person or persons is or are duly cnlilled, setting for the tin place of the birth, age, and tiling of him or them respectively, if known, and that the lecoml and u.vtii factions of the articles of war agftnft mutiny and d-kreiun were read to him or them, and that iic or they had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles cf war; and if any such person or persons so to b.* ccr-.iGed as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confute such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required $ and every military officer that shall act contrary hereto, or ostend herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture, as is by this act to be inflicted upon any officer for making a false and untrue muftorj and the penalty and forfeiture Hull be levied and iceovere.1 in the same manner as any penalties and forfeitures are by this act to be levied or recovered.

2

Ike thirty-eighth Year of George III. ' 7y

I,

XVII. And be it further enacted by :he authority aforesaid, H hat if any persons ]'),

or persons shall reccive the cnliding notwy from atiy kuc-v.h-.g i- t> be such,

and shall ahlavd, orrefufe to go before such or do *f m.'giur te, in order to (*jj ,j

tied ire his aflVnt or dissent as af.-relVd, such pufou or p^rfons shall be deem.-d And taken to be entitled to ail im-.ti.s and purpjfes wh.ufoevvr, a*u! iJ: *11 ami imy he pro.-eedfil against, as if he or they had taken the oith direct'd by the said articles of war, to be taken before hu h justic t o: chi ;f m i^illrare.

LXVIII. And where is a is necellhry that accounts of the recruiting service should be regularly tr ufnined; It it enacted, Thai even* officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, l oop, or comp my of his MijellyV f.-uvs, serving in an! b:ij|lgit»g to the eft.ibhihniC't of ihi.s ki gdom, thall, :i‘-d he »> hereby hr.tled and required cverv tv mouths to make up and tr.mftnit, cx&mircd and certified by ha commanding officer, r reliaent in In land, who in this case shall and i.eis l-cuby Jire&ed and required to certify die fune to the adjutant-gem rjl of his Majesty's forcer, an abstract of the numbers r< crimed during the two preceding mouths, and r.lfo ro transmit a c.»py of the saidabfiract, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the f.iid service during the two preceding months to the agent of the corps for which such officer in recruiting respectivdjr, and on failure herein the olticer through whose neglect such abstract and account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant-general or to the agent of the corps respectively, Iliad be liable to be tried for I'm h neglect by a general court-martial, and if cunvided shall becjfliiered, or shall fuller such other punishment as by fus.li cour;-:n irtial ill ill be awar led; and the commanding officer of the rt'giment. troop, or company, in vine;.’, frrh s.eglcvl :ii .11 be ilull, md he

is hereby directed and required to m ike a report thereof to hk> rolone I, if in Ireland, who th.dI report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary of the chief govtmor or governors of this kingdom for thr time being, or in hi:; absence to t’s; under frereury for the mish.ry d-partme.it, in oriLr that the officer so neglecting nuy be brought to trial for the same.

JjXIa. And be it enacted, Tharneiy p?ymaller c.f a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's regular iotec* leiving in ami belonging to the dl.ihlilhir.eiH rf this kingdom, 11 ail, and l e ib hereby directed and required to make out ami triiismit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every two months of the exact fnbf.ituiec actually paid to the efieckiie officers and men, and n: the broken periods aiifing fioni deaths, desertions, or discharges of men hi the murfe of the said two months, and on the thirty-fidl day of March, am) thirtieth thy of September in every year the said pr.ym; Iter (I aii ami he is hereby directed and required to make up, and within three months from each of the above periods in tranlRiit to the said agent the following accounts, that is to say, an account of ail th; tr.pences which have attended the recruiting service of his M.ijdly’;. regular farces for the preceding six months, distinguishing the fulffiflcrtcc of recruits, levy money, am! every other article of c>pence under their f’vcrai lands, an account of the poundage* paid to the dFective men in the pleading six months :i« account of Infnital expences, travelling uxpences of officers ami licrfcs beiore they join t)ic troop nr regiment, and all other Idler contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty it ;JJ by any future regulations under his royal %n manual, direct to be allowed for the preceding six months, under their several heads, the said respective accounts to he examined and certified by tlte commanding officer of each respective corps, who tli.ill, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame, and on failure herein the paymailer through whose neglect the said respective accounts fiuil not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect, by a general court-martial, ami if convicted fiuil be cashiered, or shall fuficr such other toNa punishment

80o

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

punishment as by such court-martial Avail be awarded; and the commanding of Ucrr n of the regiment, troop, or company in which such neglect shall be committed, An!,

the duel governor or governors of this kingdom lor t:e time oeing or m ms ae-fence, to the under feerctnry for the military department in order that the officers offending maybe brought to a trial for the same.

LXX. And be it emitted That from ami after the thirty-fiift day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, theagent of every regiment, troop, and company of his Majesty\s regular forces, serving in, and belonging to the establilli-ment of this kingdom, shall, ami they ate hereby dlrctted ami. required to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, or company, for the preceding year, ending the thirty-first day of March, the f.tid accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year, and in the said accounts the several impress, cr monies received, including the monies received for cast horses fold, and even’ other receipt which belongs, and ought to be brought to the credit of the publicly in the accounts of the respective corps, ami the several ditburfements or monies paid shall be properly distinguished under their fever.il heads of service, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, non-commifii med officers, and private men of the fevc-r.tl corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then (truck winch is due from thepubiick to the f. i.l regiment, troop, or comp my, and to transmit ihvhine within the said limited time, togiihi r with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the present Handing regulations, or any future regulations which his Majesty fit ill, under hi? royal sign mnnuil direct, to the office of the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and on failure herein, or in a ay other of the-regulations prescribed to the said agents by this att, the agent or agents foefTending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for ne.*y offence, to be recovered by any person or ersons who shall sue for the same; and the fc-cretr.ry to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed ami required to examine and fealty or cuufe to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual account*: provided always, That the same shall not extend, p'r be conArued to extend, to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such recount or accounts as the chief govtr-nor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, may have occtfion for, or rr« quire; and any agent or agents refuting obedience to such requisition or riqnili-tions shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid.

LXXI. And in onlcr to prevent nil doubts lint mny ntife in relation to puniili.

ing crimes and offences committed ag.iinft a former att of Parliament for punish* ing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quitters: be it emitted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences winch have been committed against the said att, shall and may, during the continuance of this present att, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, sill punished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, niejns, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this' att, may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished $ and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former att, shall not be discontinued by the expiration of the fame,-but it shall hi lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into

execution in the like manner, as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this att.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. -88 /

XX30l. Provided always, That no p:rfon shall be liable to he tried ami punished . j)#

for any offence against the said act, winch shall appear to have been committed 179*9. more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial, except onlyfor the offence of defenion*

LXXIII. And iris hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the offi. cets am! persons employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of artillery, be at all times subject to all penalties and punifimicnts mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be holden to-be within the intent apd meaning of every part of this act, during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. Aiid whereas it'maybe expedient in certain cases, and particularly 3n such matters therein any of his Majesty's marine forces maybcinterested, that: the officers of the marine forces shall be-afibciated with the officers of the land forces (or the purpose of holding courls-mnrlial: be it enacted and declared, That when and asoften as it may be necesfiiry, it shall and may he lawful for officers of the land and marine-forces to fit in conjunction upon courts*martiaJ, and to proceed-in the trial of any officer or foldierof the land'forces hi like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were composed of officers of the land forces-only; aitd' the officers of the land and marine forces are in such cases to take, rank according to the seniority of ‘their commissions in cither

ferviec.

LXXV. Antl-be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm of Ireland, from the thirty-first day of

March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the first day of April,

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend the Mail-Coach Road, leading fern Rann- Bridge to Belfast.

WHEREAS an act was made and passed in the fiffl; year of Rccil4( the reign of his present Majesty, King George the third, entitled, An act for altering and amending an act of Parliament z for repair. passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King f'roin^rhe03^' George ihe.second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading ge from the bridge over the Bamt water, commonly called the Bann-bridge, in the county of Down, to the town of Belfast, in the county of Antrim: And whereas the tolls by the said act, enacted, have been, found inadequate to the repair of the said road: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from-and after the twenty-fifth day of j.^ |o March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, instead of i’"l from; Wol. XVIII. io'Q the Ar‘rc'"' '7vi|

; *82 A.D. 1798.

Chap, z 8.

money so raised shall be \'efted as directed by re-' cited acts.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

the tolls and duties at present payable on the said road, the following shall bp received and taken, (that is to say) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, or other carriage drawn by fix. horses. or more, the sum of three shillings and threepence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, chair, gig, or other carriage drawn by four horses or more, the sum of two shillings and two pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, chair, gig, or other carriage drawn, by two horses or mote, tile sum of one shilling and four pence; for every chaise, chair, gig, or other carriage, drawn by one-horse, the sum of nine pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, dray, car, timber, or other carriage, if the (Ircaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof shall be let on with counter-funk flat-headed nails; bolts, or ferews, and shall he four inches.or more in breadth, the sum of one penny, for every iiorfiy or head; drawing the fame; and if the (freaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof still.be set on in like manner, and shall he lei's than four inches, but not Id's than'three inches iu..breadth, the lum of 011c penny-halfpenny, for every,horse or,other head drawing the fame; and if the strealcs or, (hoeing of the wheels thereof, shall be set on in like manner, and shall be. lei's than three inches in breadth, the Ann of three pence, for every horse, or other bcaft, drawing the fame ;, and if any of the (Ireaks, or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any such carriage, shall be.set on with high or sprig-headed nails, holts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or ferews, not being counter-funk, and flat-beaded, the-sum of one shilling, for every horse, or other, bead drawing the lame;. for every horse, mare, gelding, mule, or.afs, loaden or unloaden, and not drawing,! one. penny, except horses, mares, geldings, mules, or alfes loaden with turf, and not drawing; for every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the sum of two drillings and two pence by the fcorc, and so in proporrion;for any greater or Iefler-number; for every drove of calves, hogs,; sheep, or lambs, the sum of one.-flrilling and eight pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or Iefler number; and for every horse,; mare, gelding, mule, afs, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, chair, gig,-waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage travelling on Sunday, from sunrise to sunset, one-third of the aforesaid tolls, over and above, and in addition to the tolls hereby made payable upon such carriages and cattle respectively travelling on any other day than Sunday, which said respective sum or Aims of money shall be demanded,-and taken in the name of, or as a toll or duty, and the money so to be raised as aforesaid, upon eaqh respective division of the said road, shall be

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

be vested in the manner directed by the find recited acts, or either of them, and applied and disposed of as therein directed.

U. Provided always, That for every car, whose wheels, however narrow they may be, shall be formed and put cn, so as to turn round the axletrec, and whose axletree shall be fixed, so as not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of one penny only, and no more, shall be demanded, or taken at any fuclt gate, for each horse, or other bead drawing the fame, if the freaks or fl.oc-ing of such wheels be set on with counter-funk dat-headed nails, holts, or ferews.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That any other pad'enger or passengers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage which hath been so charged as aforesaid, fluid he liable to, and accordingly be charged the like-toll, as herein before mentioned, with the fame cattle or carriage, notwitwithstanding toll had been’before paid for the same cattle or carriage by other, pad'enger or passengers within the same division in the fame day, it being the true intent'and meaning hereof, that each and every person and persons travelling . in carriages, shall contribute to, and be liable to defray the cx-, pence of repairing and keeping in repair the-laid turnpike-road.

IV. Provided also, That such cattle or-carriage, so before charged ’with the payment-of toll in the fame division in any one day, dull - not on returning-with the fame pad’enger or passengers, or without any pad'enger or passengers, be liable to the payment-of any further or other toll, than as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the driver, or person in care of any car, cart, dray, waggon, or carriage, (had ride upon the fame, on any part of the road from Dublin to Donaghadee, not having some other person on foot, or on horseb.uk to guide the fame, (such carriages as are respectively-drawn by one horse only, or two ltorfes abread with, bridles in their mouths, and are conduced by some person holding the reins of-such bridles excepted,) or if the driver or person in care of any carriage, shall by negligence or wilful mHbehaviour, hinder, obdrufl, or interrupt the paflhge of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects on the said road, or if the driver, or person in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall runic, or neglect to turn aficle, and to make way for any coach, chariot, cliaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every such person being convicted thereof by his own confession, or by the oath of any one credible witness, before any of the trustees of the said road., shall, for every such offence, if inch offender be

i o 0 2 not

8 83 - A.D. 1798.Chap. 2 &.

Only id, shall he paij for ears, whose wheels however nar^ row, i’:rn round the axleti-cc.-, ar.tl whole axlcti ccs do net torn rturd,if llrcaks arc set cn with rojntcr-funk nails, Jvc.

Other paffetters travelling with ft me cattle or carriages, which were charged on fimc d.iv, shall pay toils.

Emir.gR returning with fame passengers, or ivithojc any, rti.dl not p ly on lame tl.iy.

If a tlrhrr of a car, See. from Dublin to Dtinnght-dee, :ide» thereon, without a I’crlbn toguii-c, (except here, in} cr «»!)

Ur- els the p-ding.: wilfully

or if a drtvei of .’.1; empty car, fhc. docs r.oi nnkc way Many load'd ear*

if ner owner (f carriage, such jrerlnn flnll Jy fiit IC8 r.i'il U Owner ;o:.

persons.wlto t'-c fu b ot-f.T.d, may n)'prc!tend JifiL'nJc/a,

- Diivcra to kccj) on i!»c l.k hand fide of the roaJi lb as jiot to intercept others cm the rig!,!, except prevented by r.artowncfs, cr breaches penalty a>

Ik f,re.

Ccllcflors and trustees may llop cars, and moafare the wheels;

persons who hinder the measuring of such wheels, shall forfeit

20>. by dtf-ttels and fa!c of OfS, &c.

""The- thirty-eighth Year of George III.

not the owner, of such carriage, forfeit the sura of ten shillings, and if such offender shall he the owner of such carriage, lie shall forfeit the sura of twenty shillings, and every such offender, shall, on non-payment thereof, he committed by any jtilliee of the peace of the county, in which such offence shall be committed, to the gaol, or house of correction, there to lie kept to hard labour for an v time, not exceeding one month, or until the said fine he paid., and every fitch 'offender, or person, in care of such carriage, offending in any of the said cases, may by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, to lie conveyed before foinc judice of the peace.

VI.: And be it further enacted, That if the driver, or person in care of any cart, car, dray, waggon, coach, chaile, or other carriage oil any part of the said road, from Dublin to Don.agliadce, shall, by negligence, or wilful intention, omit or fail to keep such carriage oil his left haml-fide of the road,' so.as by such oaiiflion, to hinder or interrupt the passage of any oilier carriage oil the right hand, or off fide of the carriage he drives, or is in care of, unless lie shall be prevented by the natrowness of the road, or any accidental or temporary obstruction, or.- want of repair thereon, every such driver, or person, shall for every such offence, forfeit or fut-fer such penalty or punishment as the driver of an empty carriage refilling to turn alidc, and make way. for a loaded carriage, is by this act made subject to.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collectcr, or person idling as such, shall have power to detain at any pay-gate every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon the toll varies, according to the breadth of the (treats, or shoeing of the wheels, and to measure the fame, and every trustee shall have the like power to flop and measure the wheels of every inch car, or carriage, at each and every gate, on any part of the said road, and if any driver, or other person, shall hinder, or refuse to permit such collector, or other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof, upon the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace for the county, where such offence shall be committed, or before one of the trustees for the said road, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of twenty fliilfings, to be levied by distress and Isle of his, her, or their car, or other carriage, and the horse or horses, or other beasts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by war-

3 rant.

llje thiriy-clfbt'h Year of George III. 885

rant, under the hand and leal of Inch justice: or miftce, rendering A.D. the overplus (if any), after deducting the said line, and the ex- 179^-fences of fitch dillrels and file, to the owner on demand.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That niimrf,

all turf, dung, dirt, straw, rubbish, Hones, gravel, land, or lime, Sc"*c. laid

which shall be laid on the said road, shall be and is hereby de- 'f'

dared to he forfeited to the said trustccs of the said road, and to rcilyd "

he their sole property, and shall be sold by them, or any of them, uieofraad. for the tile of the said road, or otherwise disposed of by them, as they, or any of them, shall think (it.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Truttco the said trustees, ov any live or more of them, shall out of the

lolls, that shall in virtue of this act received at the several gates, jut "m of pay all necessary expences incurred in obtaining and carrying this act into execution.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this pKiiliet

present act, shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to he a publick act, and shall he judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to [ecu re the Col lei!ton of the Duties on Paper m title in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

FOR the better fectiring the payment of the duties 'payable on paper made and manufactured in this kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons ill this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all paper fit or proper, or that may he used for, or applied irish piper to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and priming, or either of them, and also all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers, P which shall be made in Ireland, shall he denominated, deemed, cartridge and taken to be papers of the fivft daft, within the meaning of K’tifcswi this act, that all coloured papers, and all whited brown papers claj3-(not being elephant, or cartridge papers) which shall be made in Ire- whiie"d brmvn land, fit or proper for the life or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied io die uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and priming, or either Voj- XV-IIJ. IO P of

:886 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of 1798. the second class, within the meaning of this act; that all brown 'Chap. 29. paper, which shall be made in Ireland, fit and proper for the tile or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capa- deemed of ble of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, thirdclafs. l]raw;ng) alll] printing, or either of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the third class, within the mean-tPapcrnotdc- ing of this act; that every fort or kind of paper not enumerated dalles, (ex-

or described in any of the three daffies herein before mentioned, Shutton"8 (°'her than and except papers commonly called and known by the paper).de- names of sheeting paper, and button paper, or button board) which -class. shall he made in Ireland, shall he denominated, deemed, and taken

to be paper of the fourth class, within the meaning of this act; Pane board, and that all paste-board, mill-board, fcalc-board, ami glazed paper, Sale Soar'd ^01 c'otfiers> and hot-pressers so to be made, shall be denominated,

and glazed deemed, and taken to be paper of the filth class, within the mean-

paper. dmn-

cd of filth ingot this act.

c,ak'

II. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paste-board,

makers to mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, before he, (lie, or they

oTaM millsT shall make any such paper, shall, from time to time, make true

iton-'s vais, and particular entry in writing of every mill, work-hon!e, ware-utcnftls &c. 1 J G ' 1

at exciic of- house, Aore-hottfe, room, or other place by him or her respectively

flu-y*malec'C intended to be made tile of, in or for the making, drying, erkcep-nah7 T d lnS °i *uc^' PaPcr> or an)’ materials, proper to be made into such allfiichpa- paper; and ot all vats, presses, utensils, and vessels, by him or

riais.H&c!" her intended to lie used in, or for the making of such paper at the

orfcited.; -office of cxcil'e within the dill rift wherein tuch mill, work-house, -ware-honfe, store-House, room, or other place, respectively, shall :be situate; and if any such maker shall m-gleft to make any fitch entry, lie or the shall, for every such offence, lorfcit the film of fitty pounds, together with all the paper, paste-board, mili-bojid, seale-board, and glazed paper respectively; and all the materials, proper to be made into such paper, which shall at any time be found in any mill, work-houl'e, warc-house, flurc-house, room, or other place used in or for the making, drying, or keeping of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, whereof no such entry shall' he made; and also, all Inch vats, prefler, utensils and vessels, whereof no such tmry shall be made.

In what man1. 111. And be it enacted, That all paper, paste-board, mill-beard, p.at ^b'ar’j, seale-board, and glazed paper whailnc.cr, made in this kingdom,

&c. shall be shall be made up by the maker or makers thereof, in maimer acute up; , J ’

lirreinafter mentioned, that is to say, all fitch paper when made,

shall be immediately made up into quites, each such quire to ccr-

fiit

j

The thirtx-c'phlb Year of George III.

Tift of twenty-four (beets, and such quires shall immediately afterwards be made up into reams or bundles, each such ream to con-fill of twenty such quires, and each such bundle to coniift of forty fuclt quires, and all such palle-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, respectively, shall be immediately made up into parcels, each such parcel containing even dozens of (beets, not less than twenty-four, nor more than seventy-two (beets each parcel; and all quires, reams, and bundles of paper, and all parcels of paftc-board, mill board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall, within the meaning of this act, be deemed to consist of such quantities, respectively, and of no other; and if any such maker of paper shall uegleft so to make up, or shall at any time make up any pa. per, paftc-board, mill-hoard, seale-board, or glazed paper made jn Ireland, contrary to the directions aforesaid, such maker shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the lum of fifty pounds; and also, all the paper, paftc-board, mill-board, fcalc board, and glazed paper, respectively, made up contrary to the directions of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paftc-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, whose mill or mills, or work-house, or work houses is or are situate in any city or market-town, who shall have any such paper to be weighed and charged with duty, shall give, or cause to be given, to the officer of excite, under whose survey such maker shall then be, twenty-four hours previous notice in writing, of the particular hour and time of the day, when the same shall be to be weighed and charged with duty; and every other maker of paper, paftc-board, mill-board, icale-board or glazed paper, who shall have any such paper to be weighed and charged with duty, shall give or cause to he given forty-eight hours previous notice in writing, in like manner, and the officer or officers of excise shall, from time to time, attend agreeably to such notice given; and when, and so soon as filth of iicer or officers shall so attend, Inch maker, or his or her servant or fervnnts shall produce and bring to such officer or officers, all the paper, paftc-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, respectively, for or in respect whereof the duty is then intended to be charged; which paper, palle-board, mill-board, (bale-board, and glazed paper, shall be brought enJofed or tied up in manner In rein after mentioned, that is to say, all such paper shall be cn_ closed and tied up with a firing, in several covers or wrappers, containing one ream or bundle of paper each, and not more or leis; and all such paftc-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, to I’ 2 respectively,

raper. See. made up con"-tiary to this r.ci, shall be for/cited, and 50l.

Manufacturers in ciiict. or market-towns Oiall give 24 hours notice to of-rs of intention to weigh paper ,*

48 hr nr' r

uc. in oil, placet j

hew paper, f.c, is to he j reduced to oilicers;

manner of ivii-g paper,

888

A.D.

179s-Chap. 29.

what shall he marked on each cover or wrapper pro--duced to cf* fleets;

'paper, Arc. to he numbered ijinrter'y, from 2; March, 2 i June, 25 Kept, and 25 Dec. c\cry year;

how the fifth dais shall be marked.

Notices shall be \o"ul if Taper, &c. be not produced at herein di-tededat time mentioned, and fresh notices jjiven before duty is charged, or paper removed fiotn mills.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

respectively, shall be tied up with a firm; in such parcels as aforesaid, and that the different (tarts of fitch thread or firing shall pals over.and cross cadi other at the middle of the ream or bundle of paper, or parcel of pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, respectively, and where the different parts of such firing shall cross each other, the same shall be passed from thence over and across the ends and Tides of such ream or bundle of paper, or parcel of pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper respectively; and on each cover or wrapper produced or brought to such cliicrr or officers, there shall already be denominated, marked, written or primed, by his or her fervatlt, in large and legible -chandlers, am! in words at length, the class of the paper inclosed’ in each fitch cover or wrapper, distinguishing in which of the said four firh classes, herein before mentioned, the duty for or-in respect of Huh paper is chargeable, together with the true number of fuel] ream or bundle of paper, according to the numbers of such reams or bundles of paper of each such class, made by such maker, at such mill, during the then current quarter of a year, commencing ami to he computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-lifth day of December, as the case may require in each year, such number to be taken progressively, beginning one, two, and so onwards, according to the number of reams or bundles of paper of each such class, made at such mill, in each such quarter of a year j and that on each such parcel of the fifth class, as aforo-laid, there shall in like manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to such officer or officers, be denominated, marked, written, or printed in large and legible characters and in words at length, tile description of such pared, and whether fitch parcel is pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, and the number of il'.cets in each such parcel, together with the true progressive number of such parcel of pafle-board, mill-board, and seale-board, or glazed paper, made by such maker, at such mill, during the then current quarter of a year, commencing as aforesaid; and in case any maker of such papers, as aforesaid, shall not at the hour and time mentioned in such notice, produce to such officer or officers, all the paper, pafle-hpard, mill-board, fcalc-board, and glazed paper, for or in respect whereof, any duty is then to be charged, such paper, pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, respectively, being tied up, and the proper class, and other the matters herein before prescribed, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of each such ream or bundle of paper, and on each such parcel of pafle-board, mill-

board,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

board, seale-board, and glazed paper, respectively, according to the direcllons of this act, then every fuel) notice shall hr, and is hereby declared to be null and void; and every such maker of paper, paste-hoard, mill-board, seale-board or glazed paper, dial/ be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before such paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board or glazed paper, shall be taken an account of, and charged with, duty; and before he or the shall remove, carry or lend a way, or fuiTer to be'removed, carried or font array, any such paper, paste-hoard, mill-hoard, seale-board cr glazed paper, from the mill where the fame shall be made.

V. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, shall, from time to time, provide proper (tamp?, devices or labels, for (tamping or mat king all paper, paste-board, null-board, scale board and glazed paper, respectively, made in Ireland, for, or in respect whereof any duty of excise is imrcfed, and shall cauie such (lamps, devices, or labels to be distributed to the respective officers of excile, for the purpoi'e herein, after mentioned; and the said (lamps, devices or labels respective-!y, or any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the said commissioners of-excise, or the major part of ' them shall think fit.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person 'shall counterfeit, or cause'to be counterfeited, any (lamp, device or label, provided or directed to be used, in pursuance of this a-51, or (liali counterfeit, forge, or referable the mark or impression of any such (lamp or device, upon any cover or vvcrappcr of, or belonging to, or used with or upon any label affixed to any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, or upon any pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, or shall have in Isis or her custody or possession, any such counterfeit (lamp or device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his or her custody or possession, or shall utter, vend, or fell any paper with a counterfeit or forged mark or impression of any such (lamp or device, on the cover or wrapper of such paper, or on any label affixed thereto, or any piste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, with a counterfeit or forged mark or impression of any such (lamp or device upon such paste-board, mill-board, seale-board or glazed paper, or upon any label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be counterfeited-or forged; or shall upon any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper officer, and charged with the duty of excile imposed for or in respect of such paper, knowingly put or place any cover or wrapper, having thereon such counterfeit or forged mark or impression,

‘ Vol. XVIII. to Q_ or

Ccsisiiffr» Ci! ofl-v-c*l? in prrviJt /l-mr; for otkirs, v, hick. i'f-v may get r.':jr it*.

livl?-

c. unlit fan-i.’2 f.rmj i or label*, or

i.Jji? u»;h, o: rmnrg pij'rr not < harmed into wrappers

marked wiih

Officers to frimp bun-dks, or fcBi'C labels, when lb; i cquiHtcs arc I'crlbrrr-

nl, ami duty charged; and to write their names and 'dates on each

The thirty-eighth Year of ’ George III.

or.an)' such counterfeit label; or shall. knowingly wrap or cover any ream, bundle or,-quantity of paper, in any cover or wrapper used before as a cover or wrapper, to any other quantity of paper: or shall knowingly affix, tie up, put, place, or add any paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, having therern the impression of any such (lamp or device, or any label, whether such (lamp, device, or label, .(half be true or counterfeit, to any paftc-boaid, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, which Ins not been duly entered with the proper officer, and charged with the duty of excise., imposed for or in respect thereof, then, and in every such case, every such person so offending, .(hull, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

VII. And be it crtn&ed, That when and so seen as the officer of excise attending to charge such paper, pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall be satisfied that the several conditions before (perilled, have been fully complied with according to the directions of this act, and -shall have, also -ascertained the true quantities and-weights of all such.paper, paste-boanl, mill-hoard,-seale-board and glazed paper, respectively, such officer shall forthwith Aamp-or mark each and every Inch ream and bundle ol paper, and every such parcel of pafle-board, .-mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, -for or in- vt-speift whereof a duty of excise is by this ndl imposed, with the proper (lamp or-device to , denote the duty of excise imposed for or in respect of-such paper, pafle-board, mill-board, fcaic-board, and glazed paper, relpecliie-ly, being didy cb.arged; or shall affix to each and every such ream or bundle of paper, or to every such parcel. of pafle-board, mill-hoard,.seale-board and glazed paper, a proper label to denote the like duty being so charged; and such officer shall forthwith also write his name and surname on.each and every such ream or bundle of paper; and on each and every such parcel of pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board and glazed paper, respectivdv, together with the dale, day and year.in which the duty was charged for or in respect thereof, respectively; and if any person or persons shall wilfully deface, obliterate or alter any of the respective matters or things herein before prescribed to be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of any such ream or.bundle of paper, cr upon any such pafle-board, mill-board, -seale-board, or glazed paper, or any part thereof, after the respective Ilamps, marks, or labels, shall have been put thereon by any.officer of excise, of shall wilfully deface - or obliterate any impression of any such (lamp or mark; or shall -wilfully deface, Obliterate or alter the name or furnainc of any such officer, or any 3 part

'Tie thirty-e’glth Year of George II'I. 851

-part of such name or surname, or any such date, or any part there- A.D. of, the person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offen:e, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

r79b\ Chap. 29.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for oSicers

J empowered to

any officer or officers of excise, at all times, to untie and open any unm- bendiu.

ream or bundle of paper tied up in any wrapper, or cover, having

either of the aforesaid clalTes of paper denominated, marked, writ- ri.vil,?.ter

11 7 7 Utcm if re-

ten, cr printed thereon, and to take thereout, by way of samplc, <;-jiic& one or more tbcet cr fliects of paper, not exceeding one (beet out of each quire, paying for such sheet or (beets of paper To taken, (if demanded) the market-price thereof; and if any such officer iliali r"!‘crn"' discover, in any rc-ain or bundle of such paper, any paper or pa- ISyi pers of a different class than that which shall be denominated,

marked, written, or printed on the cover cr wrapper in which such paper shall be enclosed, then, and in such case, every such ream, anti bundle, respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and tile person or persons who shall have marked, written, or printed any such false class on any such cover or wrapper, Ilia)), for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every maker of paper, E-i-rimo paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall once in every fix-weeks, make a true entry in wriiing, at the office of'?' excise of the district in which such paper, paste-board, mill-board, remit excise I'caic-board, or glazed paper, shall be made, of-all the paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, by him or her pona'-ty.jsl made within such six weeks respectively; which entries-shall contain lilt- true classes of all such paper, according to tile said four clalies herein before mentioned, the number of reams and bundles, and the real weights of the reams and bundles of paper rd'peilive-Iv, of each such class, and also the real number of parcels, and the quantity and weight of all such paste-board, mill-boaril, seale-board, and glazed paper, of the fifth class respectively, for, or in respect whereof a duty of excise is by this act imposed, on pain to forfeit for every neglect of such entry, the sum of fifty pounds:; which ent.ies shall be verified upon oath, by the makers of such paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-boanl, and glazed paper, respectively, or his, her, or their chief workman, 01 servant, employed in making the same; provided that no such maker or makers, shall he obliged to go further than to the office of excise next to the place where such paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-bo.ird, and glazed paper rtfpoflively, shall be made, for the making of such entries as aforesaid; which oaths shall and may 10 Q_2 ' be

8i)2 The thirty-eighth Year of George TEL

A.D.

be administered by the collector or surveyor of excise, or any

1798. person authorized by the commissioners of excile to administer

Chap. 29. cat]1Sj without any fee or charge for administering the same.

oailisadni- X. And be it enacted, That every maker-of paper, pafic-bonrd,

coiunori’or mrii-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall from time to time.

fury;yers within three months after he, (lie, or they, frail make, or ought

Uiit'cs 10 to have made i'uch entry of the paper, paAe-board, mill-board.

be paid in 3 seale-board, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them made, as afore-

months r.fur 70 1 1 ‘

entry, or said, pay and clear off all the duties of excile, lor all paper, pafre-

S=rty hoard, inill-boaid, (calc-hoard, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them rd'pe£civclv made, upon pain ol iuriciling double the amount

Paper, fee. not to be re-. moved front mills until weighed and lumped, nut! 1 by

s; n >r left than a ream or bundle of

board, &c. than the cntiic parcel charg* cd, penalty jol, and all such paper, <:c. mav b:

' fctecd.

of such duties.

XL. And be it cnzfted, That no maker of paper, pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall remove, carry, or feud away, or fufll-r to be removed, carried, or Lilt away, from the mill wliero tile fame shall be made, any paper, pa lie-board, mill-board, fca'.e-board, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them made, until the proper officer shall have laken an account thereof, nor fluill remove any such paper in any less quantity than in a ream or bundle, nor any such pafle-board, mill-board, icale-board, or glazed paper, in any less quantity than the entire parcel in which the duty was charged, nor until every such ream and bundle of paper, and every such parcel of such pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, rtlpeftively, shall have been duly weighed and charged, and llampeil, marked, or labelled as herein isdilefted, nor shall remove, carry, or feml away, or fuller to be removed, carried, or- sent away, any such paper, without having thereon the cover or wrapper in which such paper was charged with the duty, nor any such paper, pafle-board, mill-board, fca'.e-board, or glazed paper, without the impressron of the officers stamp or ..label, nor without the officer’s, name and surname, together with the day and year.when such duty in respect thereof was charged, and the several matters herein bef ore in that behalf prescribed, being marked, written, printed, or fixed on such cover . or wrapper of paper, or on such pafle-board, millboard, seale-

board, and glazed paper respectively, on pain of forfeiting the lain of fifty pounds for every such offence; and every such ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the fame, and.all such paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper respectively, that shall be found removing or removed, contrary

to the directions of this act, shall be forfeited, together with the

horses or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels

used

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 893

used in removing or carrying the fame, and shall and may be hired A. I), by any officer or officers of excilc. 17od.

XII. And be it cnafteii, That no maker of paper, paste-board, iniil-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, Hull remove, or convey i’.i|>yr, away any paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed ...f;,|,i.-f paper, from the mill or other place where the fame doll have been; weighed by any officer of excite, for the purpose of charging tltei-s; limy before the expiration of twenty-four hours next after the fame hall have been lo weighed; and every maker of paper, palie-; board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper rel’peclively, shallp' ;’’: irom time to time, keep all such paper, pade-bourd, mill-board, ;:>.n lale-boaid,-and glazed paper respectively, which shall have been 7 i,.Vr,t" so weighed, separate and apart from all other paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, for the fpnccof twenty-four hours from the time when the same shall have been so weighed, unless the same shall sooner have been re-weighed by an inspector or surveyor of excise; to the end that such inspector or surveyor may have an opportunity to re-wcigli the fame, after fuclt officer; and if upon the re-weighing any such paper, paflc-a-MeciJ iioard, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, any additional jiX'.lJ" weight dial) be found, such paper, paste-board, mill-beard, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall be liable to, and chargeable with the fa'.d'respective rates and duties of excise, by this act imposed, according to such last mentioned weight; and if any Inch maker shall 5°' r’1!' remove, or cause or fttfler to be removed, any such paper, paftc-;ny p.yrr,1 iioard, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, contrary to fhc dlr'J' intent and meaning of this act, or shall not keep all paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper respectively, which shall have been weighed, separate and apart from all other paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board and glazed paper respectively, in manner herein before directed, the maker or makers of such paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, so offending, shall for each and every such offence, forfeit the lum of listy pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this t'.iprrm'y aft contained, shall extend, or be deemed or conftnied to extend to hinder or prevent any maker of paper from fending such paper10 from the mill where the same shall be made, upon forty-eight >in<,ce to liouis notice in writing being previously given to the officer of,b‘-,-r- excise, under whole ftirvey fitch maker shall then be, to any other mill, to be lized or fiiiished lit for use, in order that such officer may attend and take an account thereof; and provided that fuclt paper be removed with a proper certificate from such officer, cx-Vol. XVffl. 10 R pressing

394

A.D. 1798.

fQiap. iQ-

Ccriificatci

10 be got ' from officers Jor icmova! of such p.:-per;

' paperto be damped, Jtr. 4 where fr/.ed or flniflial; and in fleers t fjbjeet to direction^ and penalties, as jf not removed.

/VI paper, See. charged and marked, shall be kept apart from fuel) as is not clnrged and marked, and ’ each clals Separate, penalty 50l.

Otlicers may enter r.ll mills, Arc. if at night, in presence of a , peace-officer, ' to take accounts; and shall make returns to col-leClors, giv.

ing copies, if demanded, to paper-'.makers;

returns to , be charges; officer to forfeit 40s. for refuting a cony.

'The thirty-eighth Year of ' George III.

-pressing- the dafs and quantity of fuel), paper; and that when fee!', paper shall have been so removed to the mill or place where the fame is to be sized, or made fit for use, the same shall be at inch mill or place under the like directions as to (lamping, marking, labelling, and all matters and things, as it such paper hud been finished and lized at the mill where made; and Inch maker ihai!, for the bread) of any of the directions aforesaid, be (itbjtcl to the like penalty as lie or (he would have been subject to: the said paper had not been removed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paf.,-.. board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall at r.’l times keep all fiieh paper respectively, by -him or her made, which, shall have been diarged and stamped, maked and labelled as aforesaid, by any officer of excile, Itpararc and apart from all paper, paste-board, mill-board,- fcalc-board, and glazed paper, which shall na have been charged and-damped, marked or labelled, by any officer of excise; and shall also keep all paper which shall hare ban ib marked, damped,. Gr labelled, of one class, separate and ap.-.it from all other such paper, so marked, damped, or lahelLd, of any other class, on pain that every fitch maker offending tisercin, shall for each and every such offence forfeit the film of fifty pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That it Quid and may he: lawful for for any officer or officers of excise, from time to time, and at all times by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the picfence of a constable, or other officer of the peace, to enter into all and every the mills, work-hotifes, wnre-houses, store-houses, rooms and other places, entered or made use of by any maker of paper, padc-board, mill-hoard, seale-board, or glazed paper, in or for the making, keeping, or drying such papers, or materials proper to be made into paper, pade-board, mill-board, fcalc-board, or glazed paper, and by weighing, tale, or otherwise, as to such officer or officers shall seem meet, to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper, paAe-board, mill-beard, seale-board, and glazed paper, which shall have been made by fitch maker from time to time, and shall thereof make a report or return in writing, to the collector of the didrhft in which fitch maker shall rclide, leaving or giving a true copy of such report, under his hand, with, for, or to such maker, if such copy shall be demanded-(in writing); and such report or return of the officer or officers shall be a charge upon such maker; and if any fiieh officer shall refuse to give, or leave a true copy of his report it: writing, at the time of taking of such accounts, such copy being deni an Jed

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

manded as aforesaid, such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to such maker.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paftc-'hoard, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, shall, and he or ihc is hereby required to keep sufficient and just (bales and weights, at the place or places where lie or she shall make or produce to he charged, any paper, paste -board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, and also to permit and fuller any officer or officers o{

cxcish to life the fame, lor the pnrpose of akertaining the duties ol excise, for or in respect of such paper, paste hoard, mill-hoard, seale-board, or glazed paper; and if any maker or makers of paper, paftc-board, mill-board; seale-board, or glazed paper, shall iicglctft to keep such leaks and weights, or either of them, or ilia! not penult or suffer any'officer of excise to ule the fame lor ihepur-pose aforesaid, he or Ihc shall, for each and even- such offence, forfeit the film of one hundred pounds; and if any maker of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, shall, for the weighing of any such paper, provide or make life of, or catlfe or procure, or fuller to be provided or made use of, any false, unjult, or insufficient l'cales or weights, or flail pratftife any art, device, or contrivance by which any such officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from, or deceived in taking the just and true weight of any paper, paftc-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, then and in every such case, such maker of inch paper shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the ftiin of one hundred pounds, together with all such falfo, unjust, or insufficient kales and weights, respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paste-board, mill-hoard, kale-board, or glazed paper, shall, so often -as he or file shall he thereunto required,by any officer of exeik, in whose walk he or she shall then be, or by any inspector or surveyor of excise, bring or cause to be brought and put into, and taken out of the kale, all paper, paste-board, mill-board, kale-board, ami glazed paper, respectively, belonging to such maker, and which such officer or officers shall be deiirous to weigh, and take an account of, or which such inspector or surveyor shall he desirous to rc-weigh, and shall also, at the request of such officer, or inspec-for, or surveyor, by diemklves respectivdjq and with a sufficient number of their servants aid and assist, to the utmost of their power, such officer or officers, inspector or surveyor of excise, ill weighing and taking an account of, anil in rc-weighing all such

io R 2 paper,

895

A.D.

1 79S-Chap. 29.

l\*pir-

ivnkmto

ktfin leases; !vl ws glwj, v'-! p.'ini t nlliait to v. c:gh, ft.-p:..Hi 1 _'c!

tool pcnihy fci k< t pi:.j; u-.jH! Ic.V.cs. ccwripSts w pr.vdhfins r.nv useep-tidi, ;.nd Ic;.U s Ac.

i'snhr.c J.

Paper-makers, S<c. to have papu weighed and

nt the deftre of ofiiccri, penalty: ol.

£90 'The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

piper, paste-boarJ, mill-board, scale-board, and glazed paper, 1798. respectively, of such maker, on pain of forfeiting, for every neg-. Chap.^ay. ]cct or refusal-thereof, the.sum of fifty pounds.

Tiu mm

XVIII. And be it enacted, That, the officers of excise (half nl hciuia-'’ in the weighing and re-weighing of all paper, paste-board, mill-1-o'i'ufU.c hoard, scale-board, or glazed paper, for the purpose of charging nhicti; t>. per the duty of cycife thereon, give the turn of the scale in favour of ulfovv.-ci'io"1" die crown, and in lieu thereof, shall allow the makers of file!’. i»ii;r-iwk- paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, cr glazed paper, two pounds weight, ayoirJupoife, upon each and every one hundred pounds of inch paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-LoarJ, or glazed paper, resp.edlively ,so -.weighed, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity. kv. k-fsti-.r.n X.1X. Provided.nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no maker

of paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, or glazed paper, shall, in the weighing of the fame for the ptn-pose of charging the duty of cXcife thereon, make life-of, or cause, permit or fulfil-.to he used, any weight le.s lb.nt a pound weight, on pain of forfeiting the said allowance, any thing herein.before contained to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding.

P.-rpi-r, s-c.

XX. And be it enacted, That in case any paper, paste-board,

crn<ci-.iV-(Wo mi||_hoard, scale-board, cr glazed paper, made in Ireland, ilta’.l may be id?., be fraudulently dcpofiicd, bid, or concealed in any place or places ’ . v.-batsoever, with an intent to dclraud his hlajeliy of any of the

duties imposed thereon, all such paper, paste-board, mill-beard, scale-board, and glazed paper, velpcclivciy, shall be forfeited, tc-gether with the packages containing the fame, and shall and may be fcizetl by any officer or officers of excise; and the better to enable such ollicer or officers to discover such paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, and glazed paper, respectively so forfeited, if any officer of excise shall have cause to suspect that any such paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, or glazed paper shall gran'ftwch be deposited, hid or concealed, then, and in every such case,

warrants io upon oath made by such officer before any justice of the peace,

o.uhoi’fuf-0" setting forth the ground of his suspicion, it shall and may be huv-

' paperis'con- A11 for such justice of the peace, before whom such oath shall . ecaled; he made, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants, under his hand and seal, to authorize and empower any officer or officers, by day or by night, but if F11 the night, then in the presence of a constable, cr-ether officer of the peace, to enter into every such place where lie or they shall so suspect such paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, or glazed paper, respectively to 3

The thlrty-eightb Year of George III.

be depofircd, hit], or concealed, and to faze and carry sway all such paper, paste-board, mill-board, fade-board, and gjiteed paper, respectivAv, which lie or tbov shall find so hid or conesaled.

A.

‘ 79s-Clli-ji. 2<),

together with the packages containing the lame; and the pci Tot, or r;*n!;«

perfims in whole uistody or pofilffion the same shall be (bund, shall forfeit the fnm of fifty pounds.

XX!. And be it enacted, That no itationer or dealer in paper, shall bring or receive into his or her ctistody or possesskm, any paper made in IrJand, which shall not at the time of his or her receiving the lame into his or her cnllody or pofiession, he an entire ream or bundle of paper, and enclosed in a cover or wrapper, having thereon the impreilion of the officer’s (lamp or label, denoting the duty of excise impeded thereon, to have been charged for or in respect of such paper, nor without the officer's name and surname, together with the day and year when such duty was charged, nor without the class directed to he marked, written, or printed thereon, at the time of such duty being charged on such cover or wrapper, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, together with all such paper which shall be lb received by any such (lationer or dealer in paper, contrary to the directions of this act; and all such paper shall ami may he seize.I by any officer or officers of excil'c.

XXII. And be it enacted, That when any maimfafttirer of paper shall have removed his paper in entire reams, under the directions of this act, from the place where the same shall have been manufactured, to his (Imp, being in a corporate or market-town, not in or adjoining to the place where such paper is manufactured, for retailing the fame, such mamiiafliircr shall destroy the wrapper enclosing inch paper, when it shall have been removed to such place for the purpose of retailing tile fame.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no llationer or dealer in paper,' nor any other person shall riltorc, return, rc diver, or fend, or procure, permit, or stifler to be restored, returned, re-delivered, or salt to any maker of paper, nor to any mill, work-house, (lore-House, room or other place, to any such maker belonging; nor to any other place or places whatever, to or for the use of any maker of paper, any wrapper or cover which had been before used as a wrapper or cover to any paper, and marked, stamp-c:!,'or labelled with the mark, stamp, or label directep by this act to be used, to denote the duties of excise imposed for, or in respect of any sort of paper being charged; but that every flationer or dealer in paper shall, and lie or they arc required, upon

Vol. XVIII. io S opening

ii> hub ceu-

i.vii r ijut l) f'itlik}. /’(>!. H’lt jcl.

Stationers no: to tf.djvi; )rh th.v a u;m c-l Ji’ih p.tner; nor any iuu m irked :i*> IvH'U* disc'cL'J, })e-aa!ty

p:,}'sr tci letted.

turtfs to ()«.* llrt.y wrap-p *r> vlun p.lp;r ii ... moved to fiiops in town for reading.

lVrfons

who'ciurn marled wrappers to p.ipcr lvnfcsrs or vvlto do not dcllroy such wrapyrrv, paper makers is ho such or

fuft'ri them to bs rctcW-

ccf, forfeit tool.

898 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

opening any ream or bundle of paper, forthwith to destroy or 179^- cause to be destroyed, the wrapper or cover in which such paper was enclosed, and the impression of the mark or {lamp, or the label put thereon by the officer of excise, according to titc directions of this act; nor shall any maker of paper receive, or cause, procure, permit or fuller to be received, rellorcd, returned, re-delivered, or sent to him or her, or to be kept or deposited at any mill, work-house, (lore-house, room or other place, to him or her belonging, or at any other place to or for his or her use, any such wrapper, cover, or label which had been before used as a cover, wrapper, or label to any quantity of paper, or in or with which any paper, paste-board, mill-board, fealc-hoard, or glazed paper had been removed, carried, or sent away by any maker of paper, on pain that every such stationer or dealer in, or maker nf paper, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, together with every such wrapper, cover, or label, and the fame shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Net to ex-

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall m">per extend, or be deemed to extend, to inflict the said penalty of one Sers"*10 hundred pounds, for or oil account of the not destroying or returning any wrapper or cover which hath been opened, containing therein the fame identical ream or bundle of paper which was removed, carried, or sent away by the maker thereof, and which shall have been returned to him or her on account of the fame being diffiked and refused by the person or persons to whom the fame was sent, or for, or on account of the not destroying or returning of any label affixed to such wrapper or cover, any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

AH paper

XXV. And be it enacted, That all the paper, paste-board, MbciHHc m*Il-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, and all the materials to debts and and utensils for making thereof, in the custody of any maker of tew. " ' paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or,glazed paper, or of any person or persons to the use of, or in trull for any such maker, shall be liable, and subject to, and the fame respectively are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for paper, pafle-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, respectively, made, in arrear, and owing by such maker, for any paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, so made by him, or her, or in his or her mill, work-house, ware-house, or other place; and shall also be subject, and liable to satisfy all penalties and forfeitures incurred by every such maker, or other person or persons

using

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 899

tiling such mill, work- house, ware-house, or other place, for A. E>. any offence against this act; and it shall and may be lawful, in 1 7<m. all such cases, to levy fitch debts, duties, ami penalties on Ciufo such paper, palle-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed paper, materials, and utensils, or any of them; and to ule such proceedings as may lawfully be done, in case such debtors or offenders were the true owners of such paper, palle-board, mill-board, (calc-hoard, or glazed paper.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Con6iti.nr any person who shall have actually paid the duties imposed for, 0»iiicii |u-or in respect of paper made in Ireland, and for any other person cxpnted, r.ii who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled unto any such paper from the person or persons who actually paid the duties for the fame, to export such paper to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize, under, subject, and according to such rules, regulations, restridi-0113, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, so far as the fame, respectively, are applicable thereto, as are enacted by any act or acts for obtaining a drawback on the exportation of any article'or thing subject to a tluty of excise; and such exporter or his clerk or manager, shall, moreover, make oath, that he believes that the duties of excise imposed on such paper have been fully paid for such paper, and thereupon a drawback of the duty so paid, shall be allowed, and the said several rules, regulations, rc-llriflions, provisions, (mss, penalties, and forfeitures, as far as the fame, respectively, are applicable thereto, shall be in full force, and shall be, and the same are hereby directed to be 0I1-served, practised, applied, and put in execution upon such exportation of any such paper, as fully and effectually, to all intern; and purposes, as if the fame, respectively, had been re-enacted in this act. '

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing Wvtnck in this act contained, thill extend, or be deemed to extent), to enti-tie any person to any such drawback for any such paper, unless the officer of excise, who shall attend to fee such paper packed up before dirca-in order to be exported, shall then find such paper enclosed in the cover or wrapper in which the fame was charged with duty, with the impression of the officer’s (lamp, and his name and surname, with the date of the charge of the duty on such paper, and the class thereof, together with the l'evoral matters herein before pre-fcithed, and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining officer* to on such cover or wrapper; and that it shall and may be lawful for such officer who shall attend to fee such paper packed up, as afore- bcls taken off, Paid, and such officer is hereby required to take off, or to fee taken h'pSX 10 S 2 0ff exportation.

goc The. thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

off, all and every the iinpreftions of the officer’s starnp or h-179^‘ bel, from every rlicam or bimtllc of such paper, intended to Lc Chap.sg. packeti

up, in order to be exported, before the fame dub be (

packed.

On what XXVTIL And be it enacted, That :t foall. am! may l.c lawful booksmay be for any person using or excreiiing the trade or btifmefs of a prin-exjrarteJ. ter or bookfclier, in Ireland, to export any printed Ix/b, either unbound or hound, with any imtcrialp, respectively, liable to any duties of excise, and for which the duties of excise imposed, for or in respect thereof, have been paid, and printed en paper of the

first class herein before mentioned, and for all which paper so be exported, the duty of excise shall have been paid, to any parts beyond the fee?, by way of merchandize, under, subject, and ao-cording to inch rules, regulations, ref.fictions, provisions, fines, penalties and forfeiture;, as aforesaid, so far as the fame, or any of them, can or may be applied thereto; and such exporter, or his clerk or manager, Hull in case f-ich printed books, unbound, Hull be to he exported, make oath that he believes the duty of excise hath been fully paid for fitch paper, and also that lie believes that no drawback has been before received by any person, for, or in respect of such paper, or any part thereof; and in case such printed books hound with any such materials, ?.3 aforesaid, shall be to be exported, then such exporter or his clerk or manager, foall make further oath, that lie believes the several duties of excise, by any act or acts of parliament impelled for, or in respect of the materials, of which the binding is com poled, have been paid, and that such book or books has not, or have not been before sold to

any person or persons not using or exercising the trade or business dlniib-ck'on a Pr'nttr or bookseller; and that a drawback of two pence halfbooks export- penny per pound weight, avoirdunoife, shall be allowed for, and

rti, ItO'JhB or -t . t

unbound, on m re!pc£t of fudi primed books unbound, or bound with such ma-aKde tli.rulii- forialt as afotvfaiJ, under and subject to the said several rules, regu-lu^ani laiioivs, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures; lubjrft to ail and which rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, psnal-ugul.-uim., 3ni| forfs.;iurcS) so far as so, fame respectively ean, or may be applied to the exportation of such printed books, shall be extended to the fame, respectively, as fully and dFeftually as if the fame, re-Draviback spectively, had been re-cn:sted in this act. not al.Wctl,

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained,

uaK*!f 179*, ' 1 o

opprats i»^ foal! extend, or be deemed to extend, to entitle any person to any or some fob. such drawback, for, or in respect of any such printed books, unless MtTf'fcldto' ^10 PaPcr thereof, foall have visible, in the substance thereof, a -"> Pfri0," mark, commonly called a water mark, of the date of the present

not a book- 4

fuller, Ac. a

year

9° i A.D. 1798. Chap. 29.

Books exported for drawback, witluut filth water mask, or iold to any but aiuir.ici. Sec. or beloie porucl.

The thirty-eighth Year George III.

veil-of our lord, in the following figures, 1798, or in like manner of Tome subsequent -year of our lord; nor for or in respctl of any printed books which have been before sold to any person not iiling and exercising the trade and business of a printer and book-

filler.

XXX. And for preventing frauds in the exportation of paper on drawback; be it enacted, That if any printer, bookseller, or other person, (lull, in any package or parcel of books intended for exportation on drawback, put or pack up any book or books, the piper whereof drill not have visible, in the fubllance thereof. Inch water mark, as aforesaid, or any book or books which shall have ftlati l.Vfor-been previously sold to any person not using or exercising the f"IK<1' trade or business of a printer or bookseller, or any book or books

which shall have been before exported, then, and in every such case, every such package or parcel, and all the books of every kind therein contained, shall be forfeited, anti -shall he ieized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for con.-.iaomir any person using or exercising the trade or business of aftationer in "l,cl1,11C'1

0 ° j account

Ireland, to export any ruled account books made of paper of the may iirft glass herein before mentioned, bound with any materials, respectively, liable to any duties of excite, for all which paper so to be exported, theduty. of excite shall have been paid. to any parts beyond fmv.j. the seas, by way of merchandize, under subject, and according to the rules, regulations, reilriflions, previsions, fines,.penalties and forfeitures, aforesaid, so far.as the fame respectively can or may be applied thereto; provided such exporter, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath that he believes the duty of excise to have been fully paid for such paper, and all’o that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any person, for, 01 in respect of such paper, or any part thereof, and that he believes the fame have not before been sold to any person or persons not using or excreifing the trade or business of aftationer, and that a drawback of twopence halfpenny per pound weight, avoirdupois, shall be allowed for, and in respect of such ruled account books, bound as aforesaid, under and subject to the said several rules, regulations, rtflrish-ons, provisions, fines, penalties and forfeitures, so far as the fame respectively can or may be applied to the exportation of such ruled account books; provided always, that nothing in this act contained, ’.vuer.nuik, shall extend to entitle any person to any such drawback, for, or in respect of such ruled account books, unless the paper thereof shall have visible, in the substance thereof, a mark, commonly called a water-mark, of the date of the present year of our lord, in the Vol. XVIII 10 T following

*$ before.

Proof of . -t1>c class to . which paper belongs shall lie on owners by oaths of . nvoconjpc-, tent witncjTL's.

rool. Pc* nrtliv for af*: faulting or ohit rutting officers.

Pnftcboard , made of paper which Ins paid duty dial] not bj charged.

Psrfons . who swear or affirm Ir.lfeiy, flinll fufler for

} perjury.

No: less than a re; m to be imported.

Officers to . mark paper imported as directed by commissioners, u-ho shall provide .(Umpr, &c.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

followin'; figure?, 1798, or, in like manner, of feme subsequent year of our lord; nor for, or in respect of any ruled account books, which have ever been before sold to any person, not using and exercising the trade or business of a statiur.er.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any qucfiion shall arise, whether any paper is really an&bozafuk of or belonging to the class maikcd, written cr printed, on the cover or wrapper, containing the fame, although such paper fl.ould app.ear to have been entered or kept in the officers’ books, as being of, cr belonging to such class, the proof of such paper being really and burn fide of and belonging to the class mai keel, written, or primed on the cover or wrapper, containing the fame, shall lie upon the owner or claimcrof such paper, by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, being skilful and experienced persons, competent to decide by examination thereof.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall assault, oppose, moled, obstrnd, or hinder any officer, or officers of excise, in the due execution of this act, or of any of the powers or authorities given by this act, every such person lb offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the film of one hundred pounds: Provided, and it is hereby declared, That paftc-board made in Ireland, wholly of paper which shall have paid the duties of excise charged thereon, shall not be charged with any further or other duty, in respect of the passing or annexing together the sheets of such paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of paftc-board or passed paper.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any person who shall be con-vided of wilfully taking a false oath or affirmation, in any of the cases in which an oath or affirmation is required to betaken, by virtue of this act, in order to obtain any drawback or allowance by this act granted, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXV. And whereas it is expedient that foreign paper should not be imported in any less quantity than a ream; he. it therefore enacted, That if shy foreign paper shall be imported into this kingdom, in any less quantity than a ream, each such ream containing twenty quires, and each quire thereof twenty-four sheets, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or Officers of the revenue.

XXXVI. And in order to secure the due payment of the duties piyable' upon the importation of foreign paper, be it enacted, That the officer or officers of the customs, at the port or place where any foreign paper shall be imported, shall cause such paper, whether in a ream, or exceeding a ream, to be marked, stamped, or sealed, in such manner as the commissioners of his Majesty's customs.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 903

tom?, or any three or more of them shall direct; and the said A.D. commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required 1 79*'

to provide proper stamps, marks, or seals for marking, stamping Chap. 2 9. or feaiing all foreign paper imported, to denote the charging the r~~> duties thereon; and the same to cause to be distriburcd to the proper officers of the customs, for the purposes in this act mentioned'; which officers are hereby enjoined and required to mark, (lamp, or seal the fame in such manner as the said commi(fiotiers shall from time to time think (it to direct; which stamps, marks, or (l & seals, to be provided in pursuance of this act, may be altered or "ay fc? alter, renewed from time to time, as the said commissioners shall from time to time think fit to direct.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That after the duties of excise a pmponi-imposed on any paper, paste-boarj, mill-board, fcalc-board, or inc^fauty glazed paper, made in Ireland, shall have been paid, if any such "3I, C paper, paste-hoard, mill-board, fcalc-board, or glazed paper, shall damaged, by happen to be damaged by the calling away or sinking of any a!,.’,y w 7mi:-barge or vessel, in which the same shall be transported from one part

of the kingdom to another within the same, upon proof made to "l, L {Vrt,jp the l’atisfadion of the chief commissioners of excise, of the quan-to another.: tity of the damage done to such paper, mill-board, paste-board, 'fcalc-board, or glazed paper, by the calling away or (inking of such barge or vessel, an allowance shall be directed by the said commissioners to be made, bearing the fame proportion to the whole of the duties so paid, as the said damage shall appear to bear to the value of such paper, paste-hoard, mill-hoard, seale-board, or glazed paper before the fame was so damaged; and the collector of the coi>e re.i.-tJ

r r ° ’ or niltnrrj by

district shall repay or allow to the proprietor or proprietors or colbtbis, .1. such paper, paste-board, mill-board, fcalc-board, or glazed paper, colnunffi-7 out of the duties on paper, so much money as shall be directed by 0liers'

the said commissioners to be paid or allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall, with in- ?0I per tent to defraud his Majesty of any of the duties imposed upon paper, wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wilfully fuller to

be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the (lamp, mark, or seal, put i!f mirks on by any officer of the revenue upon such foreign paper, to denote p'’

the charging of the duty on such paper, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every ream or other parcel of paper, on which the (lamp, mark, or fe.il, put by any such of- j=f>l- penal* 'ficer, shall he so wilfully cut out, obliterated or defaced. emmerfut-

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall counter-feit, or cause to be counterfeited, any (lamp, mark, or seal provid- nT

' . 1 !i:tvir.j* or

ed by the commissioners of the revenue, in pursuance oi this act, urn.- ,ny

rn_C'l'tUl'U fc'it,

10 f z or

QC'4 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

or shall counterfeit, forge, or referable, the mark or impression of 1798. My such- (lamp, mark, or seal,.upon any paper, or shall have in his. Chap.'’ 9. h'-r, or their custody or possession, any such ..counterfeit .(lamp, .—v'— mark, or seal, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or dial'-have JiMwSuch, *n his, l|£l', or their custody or possession, or shall utter, vend, or I'liij./inj.iy; fe|| aI1y paper. with a counterfeit or forged mark or impression -of any such (lamp, mark, or-seal thereon, knowing the same to he so counterfeited-or forged, or final! upon any ream or quantity of foreign paper which-has net been duly entered, wich the proper officer or officers of the revenue, and charged with the duty payable on tile-importation of such paper, knowingly..put or place the impression of any such counterfeit or forged (lamp, mark, or,seal; or affixing Or shall knowingly affix upon any. team or quantity of such paper,

ufai’heritrc an)’ ^a,tlP > markleal, which shall have been before affixed, mark-

to other pa* cd stamped, or sealed, upon any other ream or quantity of foreign paper, then, and in every such case, every such person so offending therein,-Ifi.ill for every such -offence, forfeit tile sum of . five hundred pounds, nl. per lb. XL.-And beat ensiled, That from and after the twenty-fifth 'r,w' b"c«," day of-March, one tlunifand seven hundred and ninety-eight, un-ar.j preffiiij til the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred

paper, Bn.

riih land nl. and ninety-nine, there shall be paid , onto his Majesty, his heirs :a:h pajw«. and (uccclTors, for and upon all paper called blue, paper, brown paper, and dressing paper, of the inanufashire of Great Britaip, which shall he imported into this kingdom, a further duty of one penny for every pound, weight avoirdupois; and for and upon all such- papers, as aforesaid, not ,of the nvanufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported into this kingdom, a fur-. ther, duty, of two pence for every pound weight avoirdupois,; which duties shall be paid over and above . all other duties now Writing payable thereon, by any. act passed this session of parliament, priming or

XLI. And be it enacted, That no paper imported into this per" to "be kingdom, fit for, or capable of being used for the purposes canTor« of-writing, printing, or drawing, shall be entered under the paper. , denomination. of card paper or cap paper, but-the fame shall be entered by the pound xveighr, and be charged with such duty as all other papers so to he entered, are, or shall be fuhjeil-to. tines, Vc.

XLII. And be it mailed, That all and every the fines, penal-" otiicnvife^ ties, and forfeitures indicted by this ail, other than; and except as Sbc're"’ *’>' t*"s act- "ls Prov"K'clf for> ant' maybe filed for,.-recovered, covered as by am|. levied in such manner and form, and by such-ways and cilia z. wiih means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, di-o'apj-cai^ - rented, and appointed in, and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the 3 second

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

905

feccad, entitled, An net for the settling if the excise, or new ini- A.D. pofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and ficccjfurs, according to the 17(^' h.k of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all intents, conltrufliims, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly men-liatied, e.vpressed, and enacted in this act.; with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who (liali think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act, or this present act is provided.

XI.III. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force nfjj[0IjJlle until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred 1709, and to’ and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- next lion of parliament, and no longer.

An Act to amend an Ail faffed the last Session of Parliament,

Entitled, An Act to entitle His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to the Princess Royal, upon her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wirtemburgh.

WHEREAS his excellency the earl of Camden, lord lieute- t>r«mbls.

nant of this kingdom of Ireland, -by his message to your faithful commons of the late parliament of this kingdom, was pleased to signify that your Majesty having agreed to a marriage proposed between the princess royal and the then hereditary prince of Wirtemburgh, had commanded his excellency to communicate the same to your said commons, and that your Majesty was fully persuaded that the said alliance with a protestant prince so considerable in rank and Ration, connected with your Majesty's royal family, by their common defeent from the Princess Sophia of Hanover, could not but be acceptable to all your Majesty's faithful subjects, and declaring it to be your Majesty's with on that occasion to settle a pension of live thousand pounds per annum, on your Majesty's eldeR daughter, for her foie and separate use; and that from the many proofs which your Majesty had received of the affediionate attachment of the house of commons of this kingdom,

to your person and family, your Majesty entertained no doubt of

/ ’ . n-n. e r 1 & 37 Geo.

the ready concurrence and afliRance of your laid commons tn c Go.

such measures as would enable your Majesty to carry the fame in-

to effect: And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year settle 5C00l.

of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable his Majesty to pr}nccf»" ‘

grant a certain pension to the princess royal, upon her intended marriage with the hereditary prince of J’Virtemberg, it is enacted, That the prince of

CHAP. XXX.

Vol. XVIIL

10 U

Stul Turn should be paid in British currency;

from ay Mar. 11798. 5000b a year Bmish, may I. settled on said princess, in lieu of 5000'. f> "ramed;

also jt6l.

1 ;s. 4»b being the ilif-krtnee on yooool. from ay M ir.

*797»w 25 Mar. 1798, out of cunfo-lidaied fund.

Not to rc-llriin his Majesty Irom making any other grant.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

it may be lawful for your Majesty from and after the solen-.rizs-tion of said marriage, -to grant to, and settle cm the said prin.cfs royal for her'sole and separate use, in such manner as your Majesty should think proper, for the life of the said princes-, a petition not exceeding five thousand pounds a year, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to be paid and payable out of the fund called the consolidated fund: And whereas the said inairiage hath been so-letnnized, and it is reasonable that the said fiim of five thousand pounds a year-should be chargeable and paid out of the said conlo--lidated fund, in Britilli currency, agreeable to your Majesty's v.iih by the said message so expressed; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for your Majesty, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to grant to and settle on the said princess topi for her lole and separate life, in such manner as your Majesty :!:?.! think proper, a petition not exceeding live thousand pounds a year llritish currency, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thqufimd-leven hundred and ninety-eight, in ;iieu of the pcnfinn of live thousand pounds, authorized l>y the said recited act, to be granted to tile said princess, and to charge the lame, and also the sum of four hundred and fixieen pounds thirteen shillings and four pence-Irish currency, being the difference between Britilli and Irish currency, on the said sum of five thousand pounds so granted front the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the twenty-bfth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the fund called the consolidated fund, anything in an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty Vrcign, entitled, An act for the Jhpport of the honour

and dignity of his Majestys crown in Inland, and for granting to,his Majesty a civil lijl eftddi/h’nent, under certain provisisns and regulations, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant which shall be made under the authority of this act, shall extend to.restrain his Majesty from making any other grant or pension which he may now lawfully do under the provisions of the said act, passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, until the whole pension lift shall be reduced to-eighty thousand pounds, as in the said act mentioned.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for amending the Road from Dublin to Knockfedan, in the County of Dublin.

WHEREAS it is expedient for rendering; the road between preanible ’ ' the city of Dublin, and Knockfedan, in the county of Dublin, more convenient for travellers, that the same shall be made a turnpike road; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent perfom i,erc. Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords.spirltu.il !" Ml

J 1 ’ 1_r b.’ OBIII.fi.

and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, oners of and by the authority of the same, That Elans Hamilton, Plum- ’,u‘ phrey Butler, Il'aae f.Ianders, Henry Baker1, James Stc.vart,

Richard Hayes, Richard Minders, Walter Wade, William Giles, Robert Weir, Richard Jones, Christjphcr Gilbert, William Monks, Richard Wilson, and John Bailey, esquires, be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners of the said road.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said cotmiilfioners, or Commiftm. any seven or more of them, liiall assemble on the first Monday, onMuoLyaa or any other Monday, after the passing of tips a el, at the parliament hmilc in the city of Dublin, and shall at Paid meeting and-1*05 elect by ballot, from among the said commissioners, five persons to be directors for the liiperinteudiirg and managing the said road, and for transacting all huliuefs relative to the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said com- wv-n rr,i>. missioners herein appointed by name, shall happen to die or relign,

it shall be lawful for the remaining commissioners, or any seven or other* Hull be

° elc&ed.

more of them, on the lirlt Tuesday in any month, to elect a per-foil to he commissioner in his (lead, and so as often as a vacancy shall happen, by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every director who shall he elected purfmnt to this act, shall before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath, in the words following, before one of the commissioners.

/. A.B. do swear, that I will well an I truly dif-barge the duty Oath to be of a director of the road leading from Dublin to Knockfedan, to the d"

btfl of my JkiU, without favour or malice, according to the true intent and meaning of an ail, faffed in this kingdom in the thirty-eighth year of his jyrefeni Majesty, entitled, An act for amending the road to U a frontr

907 A.D. 1789.

i9°S

A.D.

'79s-Chap. 31

14 days no.u. "i the elrflion of a directors 10 given in a Dublin paper.

powers of

-directrrs,

to appoint-irocntof a Super viior.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

from Dublin to Knoclfedan, in the county of Dublin, which oath and of the said commissioners is impowered to administer.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said directors shall happen to die, or to resign, it shall be lawful for the commissioners, or any two or more of them, fourteen days notice at the lead being given, of the time and place of their meeting for the purpose, in some one of the Dublin newspapers, to elect one of the said commissioners, to be a director in his room, and so often as a vacancy of a director shall happen.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any three of them, shall as soon as they conveniently can, after they shall be elected and l'worn as aforesaid, meet at some place convenient to the said road, and shall have power from time to rime, to choose a proper person to be supervisor of the said road, and to appoint a salary for such supervisor, not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifty-two guineas in the year, and that any three or more of the said directors shall have power from time to time, to remove such supervisor at their free will and pleasure, and to appoint another person to be supervisor in his ftcad, or in the dead of any supervisor dying or resigning.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every supervisor who shall be chosen and appointed by the directors pursuant to this act, shall before he shall act as fuel), take and subscribe an oath in the words following, to wit.

:B.ijor»ifoi's J A.B. do solemnly fwr.ar that I will honestly and diligently exe-oal ' . cute the office of supervisor of the road leading from Dublin to Knoclt-

sedan, and that I will according to the lefi of my skill and knowledge,| execute all lawful orders given to me, by the directors of the said road-, and that I will when called upon by the said directors, or any three of them, account for all money which fall be confided to me by the said directors, or be by me received, by virtue of and according to the true intent and meaning of an act passed in the thirty eighth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending the road from Dublin, to Knodfedan, which oath any one of the said directors is hereby empowered and required to administer, to such supervisor.

Dwvof

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such supervisor shall from fupenifor. time to time, fee that all orders and works directed and ordered by the said directors, be properly executed and performed, and as well by night as by day, superintend the collectors of any toll, to be received on the said road, and shall make returns and reports when required,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.9°9

required, from time to time to the said directors, of the date, na- A- D-turc, and circumstances of the said road, and iliail remove ali 179m nuisances, encroachments, and obstructions on the said road, and Chap-duly and diligently enforce the regulations in this present act contained; and shall superintend a! workmen and labourers, working and labouring on the said road, and pay them their wages, subject to the orders of the said directors; and such supervisor shall keep a hook, containing a journal of his own pioccedings, and Hull attend ali meetings of the said directors, (if lo required) and if any supervisor shall refuse or neglect to perform his office of supervisor, as required by this act, and Hull be thereof convicted ', Ar upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of 0" of the peace, every such supervisor shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every offence, whereof he shall he lo convicted, to be levied by distress and sale of such fupcrviibr’s goods by warrant under the hand and leal of such justice, the overplus if any, be rendered to such supervisor.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any r.w ;.u *. three of them, shall erect, or cause to be crofted, one or more pay- nMy gate or pay-gates upon and across any part or parts of the said read, and also shall have po-.ver to build, hire, or rent a toll-house, Icwing i«!<« convenient to every such gate, and to demand and take by such ’ person or persons as they, or any three of them shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every such. gate, before any horse, mare, gelding, afj, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, clnife, g’rngie, jaunting-car, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be permitted to go through the fame, that is iwj to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, cabriolet, dnnvii by U curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horses, or other beads, or by 1,0lfci 01

11 J9* more,

more than fix, the sum of two [hillings and eight-pence halfpen-say

ny; if drawn by four or five horses, or other heads, the sum of J*.5

one [hilling and seven pence halfpenny; if drawn by two or ls-7iJ-

three horses, or other heads, the sum of one [hilling and onc-pen- hor/-0°,r 3

ny; and if drawn by one horse, or other head only, the sum of " "*

by i fcwft

iix-pence halfpenny; lor every waggon, wain, gmgle, jaunting-car, gij.

dray, cart, car, tumbler, or other carriage not herein before for cvrrr

charged, if the (breaks or [hoeing of the wheels whereof shall be jjinl* *’

set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, holts, or ferews, and I',1'®'

shall be three inches or more in breadth, the sum of three half- lv"!l

Ji herein.

pence, for every horse or other head drawing the fame; and it i pi. breach the dreaks, or llineing of the wheels thereof, shall be set on in like j"!‘rur UKi, manner, and shall he less than three inches in breadth, the sum of *'VraV

three-pence, for every horse or bead drawing the fame; and it any ,i herein;

9io The thiriy-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

of the ftrcaks or shoeing of any of the wheels of any fecit car-179b. riage, shall he set-on with one or more high or spring-headed Chap.3 r. nails, holts,or fcrcws, not being counter-sunt and flat-headed be ar.dss.for; the breadth, thereof what it may, the sum of one Cuffing for if cvcry horse, or other beall drawing the fame; for every horse,

riil.c/cw <!c. mare, gelding, aft, or mule, loaden or wnloaden, the film of one-id fwcicli Penny > for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat tattle, the film ot horse, Sic. twenty-pence by the.score, and l'o in proportion for any g.\at«r stare'for or illI|nber; for every drove of calves, tb.ccp, lambs, or pies, oxca.tce. the sum of ten-pence by the score, and so in proportion for any

iotl. a feore greater or less number.

&c. ’ X. Provided always, That for every car, except a jauniing-ca.r,

pePhorfeTor wheels however.narrow they mav.be, shall be formed and

cars, wiiefc put on, so as.to.turn round the axletei , and whose axletree ilial!

round the be fixed, so as not to turn round with the v,-heels, the sum of one-

Md wi'ofc penny only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at any such axictrecs do gate, for each horse, or other bcaft drawing the fame, if all the

not turn A , , 0

round, if set streaks, or.flioeing.of such wheels, be entirely lee on with counter-

ter ftiifeCOU" funk, fiat-headed.nails, bolts, or fcrcws.

aails, i-c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That" it shall be lawful for the Pay-gates bud directors, or any three or more of them, to erect a pay-gate, cSacmu‘&' or pay-gates on the fide of the road across any lane, or way leading

lanes, &c. out of the said road, and to build, hire, or, rent a toli-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate upon the road.

Nogaie

XII. Provided always, That no such fide-gate shall be erected in city and the . any place, between the city of Dublin, and the road leading from Ghfiiev'm to Gluliicm to Drumcondra, except under the provisions herein af-Drumcondra, ter contained.

except us

' hereafter.

XIII. And be it further enacted,' That no person shall be liable Tolls to he to pay any of the said tolls more than once in the fame day, with

p3td but once ivy ’

alleys . the fame cattle and carriage, but that every person after having . paid such toll once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every such day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the succeeding night, pass and repass toll free through

every pay-gate on the said road, or the; fide thereof, with the fame cattle and carriage, for which such toll shall have been paid, on

protecd? bt producing a ticket, denoting the payment of such toll, and con-

which codec- taining such other matters ns are herein repaired refrefiine the tors are to r . 1 ‘ b

give, penal- , lame, which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on re-cciving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five.shillings for every , omilhon or refusal, upon conviction before any justice of the peace , of the county, in which the offence ilia)] be committed, or before

any

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.9r 1

any of the said directors, each of whom are hereby authorized to A.D. examine into the fame, and administer oaths for the purpose.

XIV. Provided always, That if any coach, chaise, gingle, jaunting-car, or other carriage, carrying persons for hire, shall Carriages carry any other person or persons than such as were in, or on the wta Julio" fame at the time toil shall have been paid for the same, inch coach, I)'1.'’lolls'

1 } shall pay, a!*

chaise, gingle, jaunting, or other car, Ihtdl not he allowed to pass ijncgb paiJ or repass toll-free, but toll shall be payable and paid for the same, ,or fame, as if it had not passed on the said road before, during the said day, and any ticket given as aforesaid, fin'd be of no avail to exempt the fame from'toll.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse Tv!h m-y

' h: levied l>y

to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall Jin-fi,

be lawful for the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy

the fame by distrefa of the horse or horses, or other bead or beads,

carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattles of the person or persons who ought to pay the lame, and such horse or horses, or other bead or beads,

carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until

such toll shall be paid with the reasonable charges of such didrefs.;

and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful jj;nr-fc may

Tor the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same,rendering I'gfclil.ifiwi

‘ D 0 reJreinedin

the overplus, it any, to the owner, on demand, after payment of diyv. the said toll, and the full expences cf making and detaining the said didrefs and saie.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons id Penalty shall forcibly or wilfully go or pals with any horse, bead or carriage,

through any pay-gate on the said road, without paying the toll l'y

this act required, or producing a ticket as aforesaid, at such pay- collectors, or

gate, authorizing him or them to pass therewith, toll free, or shall fofging^al-

knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, cr obstruct any of the

collectors, or persons employed in collecting or receiving any of the caving

said tolls, or any otherwise in the execution of his or their employ- evade duty.

merits of receiver or collector, or dull forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other person or persons, any

note, or ticket for the purpose of evading the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person so offending, being con-

vifted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, before any juf-

tice of the peace, shall lor every such offence forfeit and pay the

dim of ten pounds; and it shall lie lawful for every collector, or Coilcaorii

nerson affine: as such, and all other persons by him required to af- anil other.

1 - may icive

fid in that.respect, to seize any horle or horles, or other bead or honei, me.

beads, carriage or carriages, with ail goods -thereon, and the driver 10X2 or

-Chap.

ju ;i:rsnny oul'T bc»i"t<, cr.rnajTCf, or ^roo.Is to be Juki fk>r ru:!a sn:l pir.nl-uc5.

i»* «li(1:cfsi not Jiifilcicr-t, such piM'tons may bs committed wtuil inters, penal-. tie- ains tolls arc paid.

What shall he cxprdl‘.\l

in tickets for c.liriijt'?, i'jbject to different toils in rrpo:,. of wheels 15l. penally on collector, or to he commitied for a

The supervisor, or any . josgiflrntc, or con liable, may llop carts, Src.

_ and examine tickers;

The thirty eighth Year of " George III.

or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before anyjulliceof the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into such offence; and if upon conviction before such justice, upon the oath of any credible witness, the party or parties complained of Ilia!' not pay such penalty, together with the tolls that ili.dl be due, it shall be lawful lor lu.eh jailice, and lie is hereby

required by warrant under Lis hand and leal, to eause the boric or horses, cr oilier bean or beads, carriage cr carnages, or goods ic dillrairted, to be sold for payment of the said tolls or penalties, and the charges of i’ei/.ing and keeping the fame, and of hid: Isle, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under whole care, or in whose possession the fame rel'peclively was or were when io fazed as aforesaiil; or if r.o jiilncient distress shall have Iven seized, to commit Inch owner or owners, or other person or persons to the common gaol, there to remain without ball cr main-prize until such fine and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every ticket to be given as aforesaid, by any collector for any carriage which is f.ibjcc: to diffi rent toils in respect. to the different breadths or (hoeing! of its wheels, iiiall truly specify the film received, the number of horses or oilier heads drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to say, whether three inches, or less than three inches, and all'o whether ilatlhod, or (hod with high cr sprig-headed nails, belts, or fere'.vs; and if any ticket lhdl r.et specify all the said matters truly, the collector of the toll at litigate where fuelt ticket iiiall lave been given, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such ofitnce, upon conviction by cath of one credible witncl's, before any justice of the peace, and in case o'f not paying the fame immediately, shall be committed by warrant under the hand and leal of such justice to the common gaol or heuse of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for space of one month, or until the said fine shall be paid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That.it Iiiall be lawful for the supervtfor, or for any director, or any magistrate, constable,

or sub-constable, to flop on any part of the said road, ar.y car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage of buvth.cn v.hhh

shall have passed during the fame day, through any pay-g.-'c oil - the said road, and to require the driver or person attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or she shall have received at such pay-gate, for the toll paid for the same; and if iiich driver or person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket immcuLitcIv on demand, or if such ticket when produced shall not certify the

3 whole

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 913

whole toll payable for the lame by virtue of this act, or shall con- A.D. tain any other description of the breadth, and shoeing of the wheel ! ' I'T-

than the truth, it shall be lawful for fuel', person to fei/.e anti distrain the said horse or other heart, and carnage, with all the tf uck<-_.. poods and chattels thereon, and such horse or horses, or liorfei, h'.L'.t t.j or other heart or hearts, carriage or carnage-;, nr goods and chat- "* c": T tels, may be detained until the toll prescribed by the act for the icM-nrn, >- -fame shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress and !,' jiAntn.-’i. detaining, and if the same shall not he paid within lour (lavs, it u-(hail be lawful for the person who shall have seized to ftll the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver on demand, after payments of the said toll, and the full expences of the said distress, detaining and sale.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every collector or other c-Jicctars person acting as such, shall have power to detain at any pay-gate,

every car, cart, or other carriage whereon the toll payable varies "ivcai'ure according to the breadth of the streaks or thoring of the wheels, and to measure the fame; and every director, supervisor, com- iitc power miliioner, magistrate, lub-constable, or crr.P.able, shall have the like power to Hop and ineafure the wheels of every such car or carnage, on any part of the said road.; and if any driver or other person shall hinder orrefufe to permit fu.-h collector, or such other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof upon the naili of any one credible witness, before any justice of the pr ice, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by ililiicfs and sale of >'

‘ . prey.- njtio

the said car, cart, or other carriage, and the horle or horses, or inch me i-other hearts drawing the ftme, and the goods thereon, by war- ji[iubv4r ram under the hand and n.-.u of such justice, rendering the over-plus, if any, alter dedtiuing the ldid fine, and the expences of inch difirefs and !ale, to the owner on demand.

XX. And be rfunher enacted, That if any person or persons Prrfei

-ii "l'°,rt c1'

\vliat!o:ver, owning, renting, or occupying any hnd near unto any. ti,r taui-

pay-gate, ertahliflied or erected in pursuance of this act, rtiall for

gain, reward, or otherwise knowingly or willingly permit any i»

__ «-vat!e tolls,

perlou or perlois whauocv.'r, to pals through any gate, pal-fail forfeit (age, or way, with any horse, heart, or cattle or carriage, liable ,os' to toll on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every such offence, to be levied by distress and

§14

A.D. 1798. Chap. 31

Directors frail rotac-ccp: cc.xnpo-fnion for tolls,

Appoint-nui,. J collectors

collectors to

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Tale of such offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, (if any) to the owner, the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being lirft deducted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said directors to nuke or accept of any composition, with or from any person whatever, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three of them, to appoint as many collectors as shall he necessary for receiving the lolls, at the pay-gale.; width shall be eroded on the said road, or at the fide thereof, with such faiary or wages as they shall think proper, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum, for each j and every such collector

onLTmonth shall pay the monies by him collected or received, to the trcnfnrer ami oiuner if or ot[ler person appointed by the said directors, once at lead in 10 account every month, and as much oftuer as he shall be thereunto reciuir-nquiKdl'cr' L'd by any three of them, and shall also upon oath, if there-nTttclr C°m unl° rcclu'rc^ by any of the said directors, which oath any director is hereby empowered to administer, give in from - time to time, a true, exact and perfect account in writing, of all monies by hint coMcded, or received by virtue of this act, or by reason of his said employment, for any period not more than two years preceding, and if any such collector shall restife or omit so to do, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bailor main prize, until he shall give in such account upon oath, and pay all Inch monies as he shall have received for the said directors, by virtue of this act.

Tolls mw

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That 3 years, by the said directors, or any three of them, may if they think loh.'.k com, gt, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days no-

mom y to he pan) monthly ami security given.

lice being given in any two Dublin papers, for that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year, the tolls by this act payable, to any person or persons at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got for the fame; provided always, that they be set by public cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and signed- by the party taking tile fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper security

The thirty-eighth T'ear of George III.

lity be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed to receive toll at any paygate, on any of the divisions of said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and singular the like powers ami authorities, and be subject to, and under all and singular the 'ike regulations, penalties and restrictions, as any collector appointed by the trustees of any such division, can, or shall have, or be fnbiect to, by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same to him, or to the said clircc-

9*5

A. 0.

179,'i. h p. 11.

C-IUV.1I ajvotuU'k! Uv 1- lire; till , ' have full [tow-

er, .‘cc.

tors.

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That if any collector o-tteoWs or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the said truliecs, or by any person taking any of the tolls by lease or contraCl, l°;'b')' or or any person acting as such, shall permit any carriage, hovfc, imimifiirfi or tcaft whatsoever, to pass through any pay-gate, with-out payment of the toll payable for the fame, by virtue of this act, or a sufficient ticket as before directed being produced therewith, and shall emit to seize such car, carriage or bead, or shall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law directs for such offence, or shall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the passing through the gate after notice shall be given to him, that the driver thereof has obflruded the execution of this act in any respect, every person so offending shall upon con-viClion thereof, before any or.c jnffice of the peace, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, shall be committed by w.-rrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprise, for any time not exceeding six months, or until the said fine be paid.

XXVI. And be it further er.aCled, That the said di- How m, rectors, or any three of them, shall expend from time to time, all such sums of money as shall arise from the tolls to be taken by virtue of this act, cr from fines or penalties, or shall otherwise come to them for the uses of the said toad, in erecting or repairing gates and toll-houses, fixing tables of the tolls and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erefling mile-stones and finger-posts, in pay-10 Y 2 ing

Expenditure to be tecounted for upon G.T1I1.

Snpemfor may u-j-air fu'Jden l.rcac)ie<!, on nnor.lr from a t’iraitaf, which shall be allowed on npi'.'.bation cl Jiudors, and oaih of oipeivuiture 1

Pei fins ap-pcinted) may take idi materials on any lambs except tlccr psiks

orilurds, Nc> mu! except the Bourne garden, and ilirdl make fr.tijf.iciion ei set dfl-xna»c*> under prelenin.vnu.

1, Penalty on building honf-'s nr walls, or making

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

ing toll-collectors, and supervisors, in the expences of Purveys, and valuations for widening, and in widening the Paid road, and fencing it where widened, in draining, forming, gravelling, dressing, cleansing, or repairing the Paid road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their discretion, in laying up materials in convenient places, for repairing breaches in the winter season, in paving rent for toll-houses, or grounds, or houses taken by them, for widening or altering the Paid road, and in all nc-cessary charges for the execution of tiicir trull.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the expenditure of all such money shall he accounted for upon oath, before the Paid directors, which oath any of them is hereby empowered to administer, speeifying the particular manner in winch every patt of it shall have been expended.

XXVIII. Anti lit it further et'.acted, That every supervisor shall have power to repair any hidden breach or holt which lie may have observed in any part of the Paid road, first receiving an order for the purpose from any one director, and the expellee thereof shall be laid before the uitcolors at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, anti his making an oath of the expenditure, and speeifying the pirtieulars thereof, they or any three of them, may order the salt! expellee to be paid ro him.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every perl’un appointed by the supervisor, or any three of the Paid directors, to make, gravel, repair, or lupcrintend the Paid road, or any part of it, shall have full power and authority to dig for, i'careh, raise, and carry away, any gravel, Hones, land, or other materials, winch may be wanted for the use of the said road, and to make drains in order to carry oil’water from, or prevent its injuring the Paid road, on or through the lands of any person, except in or through a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manlion-house, or the grounds occupied by the Dublin society, near Glafncvin, for the purposes of establishing a botanic garden; and that every Inch person so appointed, shall make latisfaclion to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, in like manner and under the like regulations as is and arc enacted, with respect to damages done by overseers appointed by the present-ments of grand juries.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall build any house, or part of an house within fifty feet of the centre of the said road, or shall build any wall, or make any ditch between

2 Dublin

The thirty-ei'jhth Year of George III.

Dublin and Gla/’iievin-Jjrici^e, wi:hin fifty feet of the centre of the fiiiJ road, or between Glafncvin-bridg;: and Knpekfedau, within eighteen feet of the centre of the said road, or shall make or have any way or paffiige from the said road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fitch way or pallage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it shall be made, so as to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pass, or shall burn, or permit, or I'uffer to be burned on his or her land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable fitbftance, for allies, within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, every Inch perfoa shall for every fitch oill-nce, upon conviction thereof, by the oath of one credible wititefs, before any justice of the peace, or upon the view of Inch justice, forfeit the turn of five pounds; and if any perfim fltnli keep, or have in his or her pc IletTion, any cur-uog, mafliff, or ladl-dog, at any hottfe within fifty yards of the said road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the lead, faltcncd to the neck of every such dog, or shall winnow, or lay out for winnowing, any corn on the said ror.d, or shall lay any draw, dung, or rtibbish thereon, or shall ferape the lame, without the leave or direction of the supervisor, or shall lay the scotiring or earth of any ditch or drain on the said road, and let it lie there for more than the space of twenty-four hours, or shall leave on any part of the fame between cnclosure and enolofitre, or permit to be left thereon, opposite or near to his or iter house, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow, without the ltorfe or Iiorfes, or other bead or beads, being harnessed thereto, unless such carriage as shall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any person shall spread out any linen, blanket, or winnow-cloth, within one hundred feet of the said road, or shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, Rones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter, on the find road, except for the use of the said road, or shall leave or permit to be left thereon the carcase of any ltorfe or other beast, or shall skin the fame, or permit k to be ftaimed on the said road, or within one hundred yards thereof, except in a house or yard enclosed with walls; or shall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid across, so that cither end thereof shall project beyond the wheels, or fide of the carriage, or shall drag any timber or mill-(tones along any part of the said road, without being supported by wheels, from touching the fame, or shall erect any sign-post, or May-pole or May-buflt on any part of the said road; every person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty fltilJings, upon con-Vol. XVIII,. to .7 viction.

917 A.B.

179* Chap. 31.

onch.'s within tJtv* <Hf-t.inces herein named; or mak’ng jv.fT.iges with oat glitters or arches; or burning bricks, tt'S&U. 4-c.

2s, penalty for keeping curs, m.if-tifis, ci bulldogs without blucks

or winnowing corn, or hying llrav:,

&c,

or feraping without have; or laying scotiring cn road for 24 h urt;

erle.1ving.1ny

carnages

without

beads, unless accidentally broken;

liner., &c.

or beating fl.’X, or lea?, ing timber, &c. on road, except for its use;

or leaving or (kinning any carcase; or leading or driving carriages with timber, &c. projefling across; or dragging limber, &c.

or crcfling signpofis, M.iy-polfis,

9r8

The shirt}~c';gh:h Year of George III.

A.D.

viction,'before any justice of the peace, by the oath of cue crodibi: 1798.

tvitness, or upon the view of such justice.

Chap.3 1.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That aii dung, dirt, draw. All dung, rubbish, stones, gravel, sand, or lime, which shall be laid on the ^c'hiS'on"' road, shall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the road, shall be faitl directors, and to be their sole property, and shall be sold by pofons draw- them, or any of them, for the life of the said road, or otherwise dif-^uhoM'be^n'r I10^ of by them as they shall think lit, and that if any person not authorized, authorized by tile laid directors, shall draw away any part thereof, fccuted, PInd such person shall be deemed to have feloniously stolen the lame,

Impriso'nraent, an<^ shall be prosecuted and punisheu as any person feloniously or whipping, dealing like goods, being the private property of another: Provided always, That no such person shall be sentenced to death, or transportation, or other punishnicnr, than fine, imprisonment, or whipping, for the fame,

is. per load

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That for every car-load of securing or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch cn the said road, -which shall be drawn away by the said trnllees, or their or-.der, the owner or occupier of theland which such drain or dirch divides from the said road, shall forfeit the sum of one shilling for every day the fame lljall have remained thereon, upon conviction in manner aforesaid.

Any person

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lavr-awzv'corii fu^ for every person whatsoever, to take and carry away, and

lofion the convert to his or her own use, any com which shall be laid on the

roiti ior win* J

no.vintfj said road for the purpose of being winnowed, or ilhnl] be win-nowing thereon, or remain thereon alter being winnowed, together with the sacks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may ami all timber happen'to be; and also all -timber which shall be left on any for 7days. part of the said road, and shall have remained thereon for seven days, not having been brought or kept there by order of the said directors, or for the use -of the said road, without the let, suit, trouble, or hindrance of any person whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any supervisor of the said road to pull down, or fill up,

per day, shall bepaid by

owners of land, for /touring thrown ou , ro.id.

I’o.vcr of Aipsrvifoi to

or'iiU up walls and level any wall, drain or ditch, which shall be built or made, or drains or bejgun to be built and made after the polling of tins aft upon any part of the said road, or within fifty feet of the centre of the said road, between Dublin and Glafnevin-bridge, or within forty feet of such center between Glafnevin-bridge and Knockfedan, and to take tip any way or pallage from the said read into any field-or land adjoining, which may obliruft the free passage-of water, and to remake the fame by building a gutter or

fewer,

ditches; and take up {ullages vaicii obdi uctrt*-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 9r9

fewer, or arch therein, at a fuliicient depth, and to scour and clear A.D. away all obstructions which may happen to be made in any drain I79^’ for carrying atvay water from the said road, or for preventing its ^uPyi^‘ injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any sign-post, j"'110 Pul1 which shall he creeled contrary to this act, Ill'll obtaining a war- polls, oa ram, under the hand and teal of any mr.gifl.rate for lb doing, and a

to levy the expence thereof, by distress and laic of the goods of expence lc-the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land, wherein ,7^ andfafe. such way, pafliige or drain Hull be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the center of the Ccat:rof

road

ro;ul within the provisions of this act, mail he deemed to be the center of the part thereof made with stones and gravel.

XXXVI. And whereas it is neeell'ary for the further manage-

ment of tile said road, that the drains along either fide thereof, should be under the controul of the said directors; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three Directors of them, to cause the ditches or drains on the fide of anypartof the diuhnto said road to be'filled up, and also to make other drains or trenches and back»P* instead thereof, with the back or bank next the road, first making made next cotnpenfitcion to any peril)a for the wade of land taken up in making corn-making such new drain or trench, and also that if any person shall 10

scour, deepen, fillup, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of ditches scour-any part of the said road, without the order of the said directors, or

it shall he lawful for any of the said directors to cause the fame >vi.l.oo: or-' d«r, may be

to be filled up or icoured, as the case may be, according to his filled up.ar.d

discretion, and to levy the expence thereof, by distress and sale of the goods of Inch person. I'cfom.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, to Persontwb* whom the expenditure of any money for the use of the said road count within shall be entrusted, shall not account for the fame, within one

month after he shall be thereunto required by any of the said di- ^,"t^ouWc reflors, he shall forfeit double the film which he shall be so required to account for, to be recovered by civil bill, at the fuir of the said directors.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Hoofer or lawful for the grand jury at any term or quarter felhons, to present built contrary any iiottfe, or part of an koufe, or lime-kiln to be pulled down, which shall be built contrary to this act, and that the expences ofctl llo'vn.a"11

1 expence

so doing, be levied off the goods and chattels of the offender j and levied,

that it shall he lawful for any person to kill any dog, which shall JoSJ ^P'

J 1 ' / o' contrary to

be kept contrary to this act, without being filed or prosecuted for this act, may

' V Ua Llllnd

10 Z 2

920 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXXIX. And be it further entitled, That if any ftipervibr Hud!

1798. omit to apply for such-warrant as aforesaid, lor lorty-eight hours Chap. 31. after he tliall have been informed, or have ieen any o! the said of-'"JJTjCIiilily fences, or having obtained such warrant, Jha.Il omit for forty-eight on fnpi-rvisor, ],ours to execute the fame, unless prevented by sickness, or severity

for neglect f > 1

of duty. of weather, or shall omit to apply at the next ensuing fcllions or term, according as the said director shall appoint lor such preferment as aforesaid, or shall delay, or neglect to seize, prosecute for, and levy any of the penalties for o.lences again! tills alt, which shall come to, or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he shall forfeit the film of five pounds for every such omission, delay, or neglect, upon convitlioa thereof, before any justice of the peace, or director, upon the oath of any one credible witness.

Penalties

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any driver or any per-lbr offences son in care of any car, cart, dray, or other carriage shall ride upon cUcd" 'C" l'ie I"a,nc> 0,1 any part of the said road, not having some perlbii on foot or hovfeback, to guide the fame, (such carriages as are rc-speflively drawn by one horse only, or two Jiorfes abreafl, with bridles in their mouths, and arc conduced hv some person holding the reins of such bridles excepted,) or if the driver or person in care of any carriage whatever, shall by negligence or wilful misbehvaiour, hinder, obstrinft or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or of any of his Majesty's subjects on the said road, or if such driver or other person shall by negligence or wiliul intention, omit or fail to keep such carriage on his left hand fide of the road, so as by such omiflioil or failure to hinder or interrupt the passage of any other carriage on the right hand or offfide of the carriage which fitch driver or other person shall drive or be in care of, unless prevented by the narrowness of the road, or any accidental or temporary obstruction or want of repair thereon, or if any person driving or in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded waggon or other loaded carriage, which shall be prevented from keeping such fide of the road as aforesaid, by any of the caul’es aforesaid, every such person being convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, or his own confession before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence, if the offender be not the owner of the carriage, forfeit the film of ten shillings, and if he be the owner of the carriage, the sum of twenty shillings, and every such offender on non-payment thereof, shall be committed by such justice to the common gaol,

1 there

rgc III.

The thirty-eighth 'Tear of Gcor

there to remain for the (pace of three months, or until the said forfeiture be paid; and every inch eifender may, by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall ice Inch offence committed, and he conveyed or delivered to a peace officer, to be conveyed before fume judice of tile peace.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or permits iiiail ixhft or make foreibde oppofilion against any person or persons employed in the due execution of this ail, or shall make or attempt to make any relate of the cattle, carriage, or other goods tiillrained or seized by virtue of this act, every inch person offending therein, and being convicted thereof before any judice of tile peace, by the oath of one credible v.'itncls, shall for every hich offence forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor Ids than twenty shillings, at the discretion of inch judice, and in calc the lame lliull net be immediately paid, such justtec is hereby empowered and required to commit Inch offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding one month, or until the said forfeiture shall be paid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures, imposed for any offence committed against this act, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein'particularly directed, shall and may be levied by didrefs and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the judice before whom the offender shall he convicted, by the oath of one credible witness, and in case of non-payment thereof, every such offender shall be committed by such judice, by warrant under his hand and leal, to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without hail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, and penalty when paid, shall be applied by the said directors in aid of the tolls, towards the life of the said road, and in rewarding the informer or parties convi£ting,.and the constable or the persons abiding as to the said directors or any three of them, diall seem proper.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, Time every justice of the peace, shall have power within his jurisdiction, to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be neccdary for the purposes of this act; and that in all cases where any oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party if he or die be a quaker, diall and may be made or taken in the place of such oath, and if any person shall take or make any oath or af-

Vol. XVIII. 11 A firmation

921

A.D.

i79S. Chap 3 I.

Kvery such oJVixJyr may b; :t(\nv. h.*nilx\! by an/ |X"(.v.

VcriiMs i’.Ik' refill the cwciuion of ti*it ;:ct, nuy he StjJ any i'*m front 20 to 5! or IhtH it; cn.is mit'.cd,

A!» fetes !<c. not jur-ticutarly Ii reeled, nny; ha levied by uiihvfs; r.r«I in c.tfo of

fjdi pnfmi any by cum-

niiiti J.

Applicjtioti of lino.

Juflicci may adminfrliT oaths.

Afirnruion of a

Q22

A.D. 1798. Chap. 31.

Persons who swear or affirm Falfcly, or suborn others, shall fuller as for p.’ijury.

Diflrcfs not deemed unlawful on account of informality; but pcifor.s aggrieved may iccover for speciul ihaiagej.

No director shall h.;ve apl.*c.> of profit m:idc Under this act.

Directors may take by lease, or purchase contiguous ground, for widening and improving road.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. finnation prescribed or empowered to be taken or given, by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, or for the purpefes of carrying this act into execution, and {lull wilfully swear or affirm falsely therein, or shall suborn any person or persons to swear or affirm fallcly therein, every stich person shall, respectively upon conviction, fuller the . pains and penalties by the several statutes now in being, or by law prescribed, against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of subornation of perjury.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself Hull not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same, be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining, be deemed a trespasser or trespassiers, ab inilio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by Rich irregularity may recover full iiitisfaction for the special damage, in an action on the case.

XI.V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person appointed, or to be appointed a director for putting this act into execution, shall have or accept of any place of profit arising out of, or by reason of the loll or duty by this act laid, or be granted, but such person shall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy Rich place of profit, of acting as a director, and another director shall be chosen in his room.

XLVI. And whereas the said road is in many places too narrow, and is thereby dangerous and productive of delay to travellers, and rendered more expensive and difficult to be kept in repair, and it may be expedient to widen the fame, and in many places to form a new line of road, for the purpose of shortening the difiance, or avoiding hills, or laving the expence of widening, and to take off inconvenient angles and windings; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any three of the said directors to take by lease or to purchase from any person or persons, bodies politick o? corporate, so much of the ground contiguous to the said road, whether built upon or not, as may be necessary for widening the same to the breadth of one hundred feet, between Dublin and Glaffne-viil bridge, and to any breadth, not more than eighty, nor lei's than sixty feet, between Glaffnevin-bridge and Knockfedan, and for making fences and ditches' thereto; and also to take by lease, or to purchase inch ground as may be necessary for forming such new

hue?

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 92 3

fines of road, or taking off inconveniences, angles and windings in A.D. the present road, at such yearly vent, or at such price as they can 1799-agree for.

XLVII. Provided always, That no part of any new road, which Roidnot

shall be made by forming a new line, or taking off inconvenient an-

tries or windings, Avail be made of a less width than one hundred 0 ° \ , t Dobim aim

feet in the clear, it between Dublin and Glaimevin-bridge, or of a Gi;.n*cvin

less width than sixty feet, if between Glaffnevin-bridge and Knock- cr'e-onom fedail. GlalTncvin

bridge to

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all ditches or fences Knockfid>«. to be made to any such new road, or to any part of the old road aucilcswf which shall be widened, shall have their backs turned to the road, lllc f0:,d-and the gripe or trench to the Held.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said directors ifd;ra0., shall not agree for the rent or purchase of any such ground as may "ot »srM be necessary for any of the purposes aforesaid, and shall apply to pur.-hafc of the commissioners appointed for making a wide and convenient il'omm'ifli-.n-way, street, or passage from Essex-bridge to the' Castle of Dublin, to have the fame valued; it shall be lawful for the said commilfi- proved 10 oners last mentioned, and they are hereby required as often as th'Udtp.S such application shall be made to them, to proceed without delay to value the whole of such ground as shall be specified in such application, and the said commissioners shall proceed in such-valuation in like manner, and shall have and exercise, and are hereby veiled, for that purpose, with all and evefy the powers verted in them by law, for opening any new street, or widening any old street in the said city; and upon such valuation being made, and the amount thereof paid to or deposited with the said commissioners, by the directors appointed under this act, for the use of the person or persons interested, and upon all expences attending such valuation being paid and satisfied by them, the said commissioners shall cause proper conveyances of tile ground so valued to be made to the said commissioners appointed under this act; and such valu- ValuaiionanJ ation and expence, shall and may be paid out of the funds arising 'nfa by virtue of this act, either by tolls, loan, or otherwise, tolts.rec.

L. And be it further c-nadled, That the said directors, the fu- The dircc. pervisor, collectors, and all other persons shall have all and singular vii'^Md coJ-the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penal- J^bryliail

1 1 nave fame

ties and forfeitures, that shall aftefl and extend to every part of powers c» any new road laid cut by the said directors, as are provided or J"Jj"^ enacted with respect to any part of the prtfrm road.

LI. And whereas the tolls to be coHccled on the find turnpike Toad will not be lufneient to answer tile several charges thereon, and to widen and repair the said read, and form inch new fines of M A 1 road

924 The thirt]-e)ghtlj Year g/’ George III. A.D. 1798.

Chap. 3 1.

Directors may raise ccodI. on billi, n:i»-terelt not cx-. ccuding G per cent.

Interest to be paid by treasurer on every Miy, and ill Nov.

Bills to be numbered arithmetical* Jy, and not to beforicfsihan 50l. or more than tool.

If inured ‘ be unpaid lor .7 days, lord chancellor may appoint a receiver, or order Ic-. ^uestration.

road as may be necessary; be it further enacted, That any three or more of the said directors, Hull and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, as occasion shall require, to raise and borrow such sum or sums of money, not exceeding in [lie whole the film of five thousand pounds sterling, as they shall judge necessary towards repairing and widening the said road, or forming new lines of road, in the place and (lead of.any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may beincurr.ed by virtue ol this present, at any former act; and that for all Inch sums so to be borrowed, bills, entitling the hearers to the amount of tile sums therein speci-: fied, shall be issued and (ignetl by, and fealetl -with the seal of three or more of the said directors; and that inch bills shall bear inch interest from the date thereof, as shall he agreed upon between the said directors, and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the . rate of six pounds by the hundred, by the year, and that for such film, so lo be borrowed by the said directors, as aforesaid, there shall be paid by the treasurer for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of the said directors, on every fitft.day of May, and every first day of November, after the respective dates of such hills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the.tolls of the said roads, such interest as shall be so agreed -upon, in full to the said (lavs, so appointed for the payment of such interest, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and from all deductions, defalcations and abatements, until the principal sums therein mentioned, be respectively paid at one payment, and that all such hills as shall be so issued and signed, shall be numbered in arithmetical progreifion, beginning with number one, -until the whole thereof shall he numbered ^provided that no such bill shall be issued for less than fifty, pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any part of the said interest shall be behind, or unpaid by the said treasurer for the space of seven days, after any of - the days so appointed for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, may upon a. petition and affidavit, appoint a receiver to receive so much, of the tolls of the said road as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receiver’s fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for fe-questering the tolls for the payment thereof as to justice shall pertain.

LIII. And to avoid the expence and inconvenience of separate Jeafes of each I’pot of ground, house or houses, in case said directors ' 3 shall

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

shall take any such at a yearly rent, fhr any of the purposes of this act, be it enacted, That when the said directors shall take any ground by agreement, at a yearly rent for any of the said pur-p< Ils, a memorial of such agreement, signed by any three of the said directors entered in the registry office in the castle of Dublin, shall he sufficient evidence of such agreement to all intents ait purposes, and that as many agreements as said directors shall think proper, may be contained in one such memorial.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases when the said directors shall alter the present road, by taking off any unnecessary angles, or making a new line of road, they shall cause a map of such parts of the present road as shall in consequence thereof be discontinued by them as part of the turnpike road for the life of travellers, to be deposited with the treasurer of the county of Dublin, and if the grand jury of such county shall not within eight months after the time said map shall be so deposited, present such parts to be kept open as a publick road, which presentment any person may traverse every such part of the said old road as shall not be so presented, shall be, and is hereby declared to be vested in the directors of the said road for the benefit thereof, and shall or may be set or sold by the said directors, or any three of them, and the rent or money arising therefrom, shall be applied by them towards payment of the rents or purchase of such grounds as they may think proper to take by yearly rent, or to purchase for any of the purposes herein before mentioned, or in any former act.

LY. Provided always, That no such presentment for keeping open any such part of the present road shall be made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible persons, who can read and write, setting forth that such part of the road is necessary to be kept open as a publick road for the convenience of travellers.

Mkps of parti oiro.-Ju dilcociinuidi shall be deposited u it I) CO. treafu: ir, which if not pie ciUfd in 8 month., shall he veiled in dhtdorc.

Present-

m:ms ler ftcepir." said parts c*| cn Hull he grour.did cn illidavjt of two, a3 iietcin.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time hereafter, pfrts prc. the grand jury of such county shall present the same to be (lopped bc

up, it shall be immediately thereupon, and is hereby declared to Jlu.li bevelled be vested in the said directors, without any further act done on (heir <ilrcaGrs-behalf, as fully as if the fame never had been presented to be kept open.

LVII. And whereas the impowering grand juries to present G j,rcF said road to be widened, may tend to avoid expence and delay, he co.onin.at it further euaCled, That it shall be lawful for the grand jury of the redo?*, may county of Dublin, or the county of the city of Dublin, at any «li'.id'r-term or at any sessions of the peace, to present at the desire of the V1,lli*

1 . 1 ... UJ*. || (jf UtO.

said directors, any part of the said road within their respective VoL. XViih It B counties,

52 6 A.D. 1798.

Chap. 31

Owners of land may traverse preferments.

A treasurer may beap* pointed and removed by directors, who shall give security for accounting, paying, ami depositing in the batik.

By 37 G. 3.

C. 19. the road Irom Curr.igha to Dublin is Dade a turn-

pike road;

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

counties, to be widened to the width to which it may be widened by virtue of this act, upon an affidavit sworn before any justice of the peace for such county, or before the court, by any two credible persons, that the part of the road so required to be widened is not of the width of specifying the width to which it may be

widened by virtue of the said act.

LVIII. Provided always, That if the owner or occupier of the land, where the said road is to be widened as aforesaid, shall think himself or herfeif aggrieved by such presentment, it shall be lawful for such person totraverse the fame at the fame term or feJfions for damages, and such traverse shall he tried at the fame term, or at the nift priiis fittings after such term, or at the fame, or the next sessions of the peace, and upon all damages which shall be found by the jury, who shall try such traverse, being paid to the traverser, or deposited with the county treasurer, for his or her life, it shall be lawful for the said directors to proceed in widening the fame, pursuant to the said presentment, without the interruption of any person whatsoever.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three of them, to appoint a treasurer at a yearly faiary, not exceeding twenty pounds, and as they shall see occasion to remove him, and appoint another person in his Head, and to take from every person whom they shall appoint, such fccu ri-ty , as they shall think proper, for his duly accounting for, and paying all money which he shall receive as treasurer, and for depositing the fame, from time to time, in such manner as they or any three of them shall from time to time direct in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank.

LX. And whereas the road leading from Curragha, in the county of Meath, to the city of Dublin, falls into the road from Knockfedan to the said city, at the house of Prospect, a little to the northward of the royal canal; and whereas by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for improving am), repairing the roads leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and amending An at7paffed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoath, and for ereBing turnpikes thereon, in aid of barony preferments, the said road from Curragha to the said city is made a turnpike road; in order therefore to remove all doubts which may arile upon the construction of the said act, and to prevent paflengors oh either of the said roads being subject to addict-4 0:1a I

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 927

tional tolls, be it further enacted, That nothing in the said act con- A.D.

tained, (hill extend to give the directors or any other person or I79®*

persons appointed, or to be appointed under the authority of the said act, any controul, power or management of, or over such part DireOorj

of the said road as lies between the house of Prospect aforesaid, a£, (i,a!ii,avc

and the said city; nor shall it be lawful for thedireftors, trustees, over

or commissioners appointed by the said act, nor for the directors fresh the

to be appointed under this act, except und cr the provision herein Jjato the0*"

after mentioned, to erect any pay-gate between the said house of Prospect and the said city. " crcaal

LXE. And for the amending and repairing the said road between kept asiwre-

the said house and the said city, be it further enacted, That the fame

shall be amended, repaired, widened, or otherwise rendered more be under the

convenient to passengers, by the directors to be appointed by vii- dinitors ap-

tue of this act, and shall he entirely under their guidance and con-

troul, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all expences attending Evpencei

the fame, shall be defrayed out of the tolls arising by virtue of this pro^om-"

aft, and of the said receited act, in the exact proportion which the o-whiyonrof ’ ’ 11 tollt received

total amount of the tolls received quarterly on each of the said on each

roads from Knockfedan to Dublin, and from Curragha to Dublin, shall bear to each other, for the purpose of ascertaining which proportion the directors or trustees, their treasurer, supervisor, or other of Eeer, acting as such under the said receited act, shall within six days after the expiration of each quarter of a year, ending on the first of May, first of August, first of November, and (irft of February, in each year, deliver or cause to be delivered to the directors appointed under this act, their treasurer, supervisor, or officer acting as such, a true account on oath of the amount of the tolls received during the said quarter on the said road, from Curragha to Dublin; and the directors appointed under this act, shall ^"33 within ten days after, or as soon as they conveniently can, deliver nM toad to to the directors or trustees appointed under the said recited act, f0, o,i oath, their treasurer, supervisor or person acting as such an exact account on oath of all money expended by them on the said road, between the house of Prospect and the city of Dublin, or on account thereof during the said quarter, stating the particulars thereof, and shall also deliver an account cn oath of the amount of the tolls received during the said quarter, on the road from Kaiockledaii to Dublin, and shall state the rate by the pound sterling, which the money so expended amounts to, or the whole of the tolls received during the said quarter, on both of the said roads, and the amount it B a of

C!

928 A. P.

1798.

"P- y.

Such pro-pi rtiwi of cvpence m.iy be recovered b) civil bill.

If one quarter^ ck-penecs be not paid within the-other, or jf cerfi?ns under recited nifl do not deliver Tech account, a pty-gaie may be erected.

Bsemed a pay-gato creeled under this act.

Oailis may bendminister-cd by any magistrate.

Ifthcdi-rectors of the road from Currnglia do not pay with in one quarter af.cr fjch gate h erected, it may be Continued ®vcr uiier.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

of llic proportion thereof, which is to he defrayed out of the tolls received on the road from Curragha to Dublin, which amount shall he forthwith paid on demand by the.directors or trustees of the said road from Curragha to Dublin, or by their treasurer, supervisor, or personaftingas such, to the directors appointed under this act, or such parson as they Hull from time to time authorize to receive the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of non-payment of inch proportion or any part thereof, it shall and may he recovered by civil bill against the treasurer, supervisor, or any of the directors of the said road from Curragha to Dublin, in the name of the directors to be appointed by virtue of this act, and in case such money so to bc.paid, on account of the monies expended by the directors appointed under this act in any one. quarter of the year, shall not be paid and fully satisfied to them before, the expiration of the next quarter, or in case the directors, trustees, their treasurer, supervisor, or other officer acting as such under the said receited act, -shall at any time fail or omit to deliver such account on oath at the time, and in the manner herein before required, it shall and may be lawful for them to crest a pay-gate across any part of the said-toad, between the said house of Profpcft and the Circular Road-round the said city of Dublin, and there to demand and receive the tolls payable by virtue of this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. Provided always, That Rich pay-gate shall be deemed one of- the pay-gates crofted under the provisions of this act, so as that the person passing or repaying -through the fame, or through any other pay-gate erected by virtue of this.aft, producing such ticket as herein mentioned, -shall and may pass and repass toll free, with the fame cattle or carriage during the fame day.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any magistrate may administer any of the oaths aforesaid.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if within one-quarter of a year after such pay-gate shall be erected, the directors of the said road from Curragha- to Dublin, shall not pay, or cause to be paid all money due or to be paid by them to the directors appointed under this act, up to the day on which it shall have been

erected pursuant to the provisions of this act, such pay-gate shall and may be continued ever after, for the ui'e of the directors appointed under this act, the produce thereof to be by them applied in manner herein appointed for the application of the tolls to be received under this act.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That lo long as any pay-gate shall continue erected, and toll be demandable thereat, between the said house of Prospect and the said city of Dublin, the directors, trustees, treasurer, and supervisor appointed under the said act, dull be freed and dileharged from paying any part of the tolls received by them towards fitch expenses as shall he Incurred on the said road, from the house of Prospect to the said city, during the conlinuance of such pay-gate; and it shall also be lawful during such continuance, for the directors under this acr, to erect one ami more pay-gates, on the fide of the road from Knockledaii to Dublin, across any road, lane, or way, leading out of the said road, in any place between the road leading from Glaffiievin to Drmneondra, and the city of Dublin, and there to demand and receive such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any pay-gate, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

929

A, D|.

So long as such fr-de co nimu'j !>c* tv., on l»i,f. i'<vt rul Dublin, directors umler recihtj net,

ih.’il be fr-vil from xjicnci s of ice it jmii.

Si.Jc* jjatre ntov b.- acct-

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for raifng by Loan, as a Supply to His Msj'Jlv, the Sum therein mentioned, for the Purpfcs therein mentioned.

TOWARDS railing the supply granted to his Majesty, Pnt5B'j!c.

of a sum not exceeding one million forty-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight pounds ten shillings, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament afll-m-bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or t’nc commissioners for the time being being, for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, to raise on loan by debentures, any sum or sums of money not exceeding the sum of one million forty-six thousand seven hundred and: twenty-nine pounds, ten shillings; and the said lord high <.n treasurer or the commissioners for the; time being, for exc- U. cuting the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, shall issue ami apply the same to discharge fuel] arrears as remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day. of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the fever,-tl grants contained in ail act of parliament passed in the kill fef-Vol. XVIII. II C fion

93o

a.,d.

p/798. u*'p. 33

finj'if 8

tws for

’ 7 >9> o!.

> P'r Cent.

Mwe->. IJCR,

m,ay i>c iifo.

5 p:r cent.

to in: puU as

ticpofiu* for futuro pi.-. Uttr.ts, viz,

19'. rrr err/,

So M:y.

I; p;r ccr.t. On or before !«'c, 5 rcr cent 01 or h.fi-rc 30 In'y. 5 pc

Wilt. O I

k Wore 31 Av.y 10 per critV on or ' ivjdf; M

? p’r

Cvnt.OllOi

bcfoir y

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

fiou of parliament, entitled, An at7for fearing the payment of the annuities, and of the intcref upon the principal sums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of fitch principal finis in ftch manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Mojefys Ireaftry to receive certain sums for a limited lime in manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain fimottt of the catfdlidated fund, end for applying a certainfim therein mentioned, for the feraice of the year one thousimi seven hundred and ninety free n, mid for other purpfes, or in any other a5 of parliament, and for the several p.urposes expressed in two votes of credit of the liemfc of commons, of the third-day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for which the Anns (herein mentioned were icfpcfli.veiy authorized to be raised, and to which they were mads applicable.

II. And be it enacted,. That for raising the said sum of one million forty-six -thousand fovea hundred and twenty-nine pounds ten shillings, debentures to the amount of one million seven hundred and fifteen thousand nine hundred and, fifty, pounds shall be issued, hearing an interest for the sums therein mentioned, at the rate of five pounds-per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March,.-one thousand fc.vcn hundred and ninety-eight, so that every contributor of sixty-one pounds to the said loan, shall receive a debenture for one hundred -pounds.

III. , And be it enacted, ..That every, contributor to the said loan, shall.pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s-exchequer, five pounds per centum, on fticli sum as. he or fhc shall.subscribe for, towards raising the said (um, as n depo-fiie or Tecurity for making the future payments, in the proportions, and Oil or before the days herein after mentioned, that is to say, ten, pounds, per centum on fitch sum as he shall fobfcribs for, on or before the thirtieth day of -M ay, one thousand fc.vcn hundred and ninety-eight; fifteen pounds per rent um, on or before the twenty-third clay or June-following; five pounds per eesiiiit.i, on or before the thirl icih day of July following 5 five pounds per fauna:, o.n..cr before ihc thirty-iiifi day of August following; ter.

pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-eighth day September following , five pounds per conlu’n,e>n or bcnife the thirty-futl day of October.following; five pounds pit

xenttra.

The thirty-eighth Year of George ffl.

centum, on or before the thirtieth day of November following; ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second day of December following; ten pounds per centum, on or < before thirty-first day of January, which will be in the year ( of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; j ten pounds per centum, on or before the first day of March i following; and ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day of March aforesaid; and every contributor who shall make any of the payments aforesaid, before the times when they are respectively payable, shall be allowe'd an intcrell by way of discount, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on the futr. so advanced, to be computed from the day of paying in to the time the fame is payable as aforesaid; which first deposit shall be forfeited to the use of his Majesty, in case the persons respectively making the same, shall fail to make any subsequent deposit on or before the day on which the fame ought to be made as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That a debenture for one hundred \ pounds for every sum of sixty-one pounds, to be subscribed ami paid into the receipt of his Majesty1's ex chequer, bearing such intcrolt every 6il. as aforesaid, shall be given by the proper officers of his Majesty's bc'SsTiJeJ in'* treasury, in like manner as hath been usually done in cases where usual raanr.w. principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture, and the debentures or receipts so to be given, shall he numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excess or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

V. And be it enacted, That upon every such debenture, there Inure.!: shall he paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the end

of every six calendar months, to the person or persons who shall become entitled to the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an inierctl at the rate of five pounds per centum f-er annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, without any lee or charge, and free fror.i all deduflions whatsoever, until fn;h time as they shall relpecUve'iy be paid their principal money at one entire pay-: teat.

lift

CHAP.

932 The shirty-eighth Year of George III.

a: D.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising by Loan, a Sum not exceeding Two Hundred Thousand and Eighty Pounds, in Part of the Stun of Two Million Three -.Hundred and Sixty-six Thoufattd Seven Hundred and Forty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, authorized to be raffed by Loan, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of the ‘Pear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for other PurpoJ'es.

Towards raising SCOiOSol. part of 2,366,746l. 134d. ,r.nl to t n ible the bank to crest a Iioufcar.il offices:

the bank may pay 200.Ob' d. into exchequer, a; a lean.

Hank evti-tli-i.1 to a ci.*-bcntniv for too!, ct $ per cent, for every 61l. paid, fotli.at tlu* lloclc cmicd thereby, wi;] be 52S;0CCI

TOWARDS raising by. loan on debentures, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons,'of the third day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, two hundred thousand and eighty pounds, part of the sum of two million three hundred and sixty-six thousand seven hundred and forty-six pounds thirteen drillings and four pence, authorized to he raised by loan, towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty for tire service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to enable the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, to create a fund for eroding an house and offices proper for carrying on the hufiness of f.iid bank. Ire it enacted by the king’s mcfl excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and rYray he lawful for the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, to pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred thousand and eighty pounds, as a loan to his Majesty, towards raising the said flint of two million three hundred and sixty-six thousand seven hundred and foity-six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence, any law to the contrary notwiih-fumling.

II. And be it enacted, That for raising the find sum of two hundred thousand and eighty pounds, the governor and company of the Blink cf Ireland, shall for every sum of sixty-one pounds contributed and paid by them, be entitled to a debenture for the principal sum of one hundred pounds, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-hlih day of March, one thous.md seven hundred and ninety-eight, so that the capital Hock thereby created upon the payment of the whole

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 935

whole of the fai.1 fnm of two hundred thousand :ir»I eighty A.D. pounds shall amount to three hundred and twenty-eight thousand x }()?,. pounds. Chap. 33.

III. And be it cm-flal, Tluit the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, ft.aii cn of before third day ol May, one thou- for fainl seven hundred and uinctv-eight, pay into the nccipt of his .{i.lf.ts Majesty's cxchcuwer five pounds per centum, on so much of the

salt' of two iittiiclred thousand and eighty pounds, as they shall »«, >fe. contribute, as a depoitro or security for making the future payments in the proportions, and c;n or before the days herein after mentioned, that is to lay, ten pounds per centum, on the said litm, 10 per cent On or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand ieven linn- jU ;v]av> dred and ninety-eight, fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of June following, five pounds per centum on or 23 June, before the thiriieth day of July following, five pounds per centum l!a-bcivn on or before the thirty-fi: ft day of August following, ten pounds ptr centum on or before the twenty-eighth dav of September fol- amrUfoi*

1 , J , ' 1 31 Aiiir,

lowing, five pounds per centum on or before the thirty-first clay of w ,.1-r'cont. Odlohcr following, five pounds per centum on or before the third- cth day of November following, ten pounds per centum on or before , the twenty-fccoiu] day of December following, ten pounds per , ua. centum on or before the thirty-first day of January, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety- 5° N,v'

10 per cent,

nine, ten pounds/ir ceuinm on or before the first day ot March cn nr before following, and ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty- " third day of March aforesaid; and if any of the payments afore- j'^ct0K said, shall be made before the times when they are respectively io|>trcrnt. payable, the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, shall f'iuSd' be allowed an mtcreft by way of discount, after the rate of five 10i’" "m-

v J J ' Cl, or before

pounds per centum per annum, on every sum so advanced, to be 23.M2r.1799. computed from the day of paying in the fame, to the time the fame is pay hie as aforesaid, which first: depefite shall be forfeited payments to the use of his Majesty, in case the said governor and company ^0K of the Bank of Ireland, shall fail to make any subscqticnt deposite P°'-ncJ; on or before the dayon which the fame ought to be made as

aforesaid. p.ymemsart

IV. And be it enacted, That a debenture for one hundred mad* pounds for every sum of sixty-onc pounds, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of two hundred thousand and eighty pounds. 5

fer every Gli.

to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty s exchequer, by the said p,»ij in, rtiaii governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, bearing such interest as aforesaid, shall he given by the proper officers of his Ala- nmwtr. jesty’s treasury, in like manner as hath been usually done in cases Vol. XVIII. 17 1) ' where

934 ¥he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by

1798. debenture, and the debentures or receipts so to be given, fit all be ^il*1 v-33' numbered in arithmetical progression, and the common excess or difference shall be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

V. And be it enacted, That upon every such debenture there .6 months. shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at the end of every six calendar months, to the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, and their successors and assigns, an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until the principal money therein shall be paid at one.entire payment.

Caiil deben-

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the debentures

be sold for; which shall be so issued, or any of them, shall not be fold, assign-s'bllfr-jS. c^> or disposed °*> ty the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, to any person or persons for the term of live years, from the twenty-fifth day of M.,rch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and no payment of interest: thereon before, oi to or for the said day, shall be made to, or for the use of any person, save the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland.

ApplicMion

VII. And be it enacted, That so long as the capital (lock of flick flock, one hundred pounds in every debenture which shall be issued in pursuance of this act, for railing every film of sixty-one pounds, shall be un-redeemed by parliament, or -shall not be fold, assigned, or disposed of by the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, a yearly sum of three pounds one shilling, of the said intc-rest of five pounds, payable on every such debenture, shall be applied by the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, to the life and profit of the proprietors of the capital (lock of the said bank, and the yearly sum of one pound nineteen shillings, being the remainder of the said interest, and after any of such debentures shall be disposed of, the profits that shall arise thereon, over and above the said sum of sixty-one pounds pgr centum., shall constitute a fund to be applied by the said governor and company to defray the expellees of erecting and building an house and offices proper for carrying on the business of the said bank, and providing all accommodations necessary for carrying 011 the said business therein, and of opening convenient avenues to and from the same, and until such house, offices, and accommodations, shall be erected, fuddled, and provided, the said fund shall not be applied to any other use or purpose whatsoever.

CHAP.

The thirty eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue for a limited Time, the Government end Management of the Ho’fe of Industry, for the Belief of the Poor in Dublin, under the present ailing Governort thereof.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act passed in the last session By 37 G, of parliament, entitled, An act for the better governing and JIcIht's managing the house of industry, for the relief of the poor in Dublin; seven persons members of the corporation for the relief of the poor "I M-t* in the city of Dublin, have been defied to be acting governors ’ of the house of industry, under the management of the said corporation, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas it is expedient to continue the government and management of the said house of industry, in the persons so defied, be it therefore enacted, That the several persons fai(1 pttf0, who have been so defied as aforesaid, shall continue to be afling governors-of the said house of industry, until the first day of May, umilTMay< one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine j and they or any three I'^’ower*. or more of them, shall have the lame power and authority as-is given by the said act, to the persons chosen in pursuance of the said act, to be acting governors of the said house of industry.

II. Provided always, That if any of the persons so continued in the government of the said house of industry, Avail for the space vernors ab-of one calendar month, be absent from such meetings of the said governors as shall be had within such month, unless prevented momh. «iib-0 r 1 . out Menu

by sickness or such other cause as shall appear reasonable to such of cause, or re-

the governors as shall attend at such meetings, such cause to he in- o&eriftjH’fe ferted in the minutes of their proceedings, every such person shall cllo(’c'-be incapable of being a governor for the remainder of the said time, and in such case, and in case any of the said governors shall die or icsign, the surviving afling governors shall from time to time, as often as it shall so happen, forthwith proceed to elcfl another member of the said corporation, to be a governor of the said lionfe for the remainder of the said time, in the Head of the person so rendered incapable of afling as a governor of the said house,

or who Avail have died or resigned.

III. And whereas it-often happens that persons committed as perf0Itt -common beggars to the said house, arc immediately and frequently by undue means discharged therefrom, and returned to beg in gar, shallr.tr aheftreets, be it enacted, That no person so committed, shall be wkhOTtcou-J

nDa ‘Vifcharged

536 The thirtyrelghth T-earqf. George III.

"A. D discharged from the said house, without the consent of three at '.1798. leail of the acting governors given under their hands in writing*

CHAP. XXXV.

All AB jw the better Management of the IFork-houfi and Foundling Hoff it al in Dublin.

iPreambk, T7*-®- ^ie better government and management of the tvork- ' Jl hmife and foundling hospital in the city of, Dublin, and for

' more effectually relieving the children received therein, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual'and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority g persons of the fame, That the right honourable the carl of Altainont, the

iid^ppoSi right reverend the lord bishop of Ferns, the right honourable [governors, j)avid Latouche, the right honourable Sackville Hamilton, 'doctor George Rcricy, major Maximilian Fayiere, the reverend Arthur ' Maguire, ' Robert Alexander, esquire, and Alexander Kirkpatrick, esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted governors of the said work-house and hospital, and they and the survivors of them, and such other person or persons as shall be elected governors in manner herein after mentioned, upon the death or reflation of any of such governor or governors, or any three or more , of them, shall have the foie direction and management of the fame, and of all matters concerning or relating to the said Work-house and Foundling-hospital, as. fully as the persons who are - mow governors of the said work-house and hospital; and all poiv-Aia jovct- ers and authorities which may now be lawfully exercised by the ' Spomrs' Eovernors heretofore appointed, shall and may be exercised. by the ic. said feveraDpersons named in this act, and their’ successors, as

fully to all intents and purposes as if the fame were re-’enacted in this act.'

Upon Ae And be it enacted, That from time to time, upon the

death or re- death or resignation of any person herein named, or any person who shall be elected a governor in the place of such person, .5" dtadby surviving governors shall cleft a fit and proper person to be ahe survivors, a governor in the stead" of the person dying oir resigning, and every person so elected, shall from thenceforth have the fame power and authority in the matters aforesaid, as if he were con-(lituted'a governor of the said Work-house and Foundling-hof-pital by this act.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 93f

J1l. And vi’bercas by an act passed in the eleventh ami twelfth A. 0. years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An at! 'for 1798.

better regulating the Foundling-hospital ami bVork-hosfe in the Dublin, and encrcafing (be fund for the suppori thereof a If0 fur BVn amt making a prowfion for appointing a locum Incus in case of the death or abfcure of the lord mayor, or thefnfuhlt of ibt court if conscience,

it is enafleii, That the liiid governors shall cleft and appoint 3. pro- Om.or a«-ptfr person to be their treal'iirer or Reward, and overseer of the "-fiv liiid Foundling-hospital and Work-house, during their pkafiire, h:v,"lcV, at a Hilary not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, s vcarfuL' and the fai'd 'treasurei' or Reward, and overse of (lie Foundling- S" hospitaland Work-Uoufe, when -so.elc&ed and appointed as afore-

( coiK-menca

said, shall together with two other lolvent and fufiicieut persons, li: execute a bond to the said governors, in a lum not iefs than two thousand pounds,.conditioned for his well and truly accounting upon oath to the said governors, once in every year or oftener, if he shall he thereunto required, for all Turns'of money which Hull come into his hands as trealtirer to the liiid Foumlling-hof-pital and Work-house, anil for faithfully discharging his duty in every particular, and for the keeping one or more good and tulii-cient clerk or clerks imderhim, the hotter to execute his laid office, for the just and good conduit of which, clerk or clerks lie

(lull he accountable: provided ncvcfthelcls, that the film orj'ums one or two to he paid to fitch clerk or clerks, do not in the whole in any ope kc^ burl'd, year, exceed the fuin of twenty pounds, and that every such clerk so to be kept by the treasurer for the time being, before be g-emorc itu.i

' lu £0}, !t j'C.tf,

shall ait as fitch, shall be approved of by the said governors, or a,.J 10 W ap-any eleven or tiiore of them, and the said governors shall also at the same time nominate and appoint a register to the said Found- f linc-hospital and Work-lionfe, during pleasure, at a fidary not ex-.n ar-,

° . paint a regis-

cccding Sixty pounds a year-; and the said register shall from tune icr, atCol.a to time; fiimmbn-every member of the liiid corporation, residing'yMri in Dublin, or the liberties thereto-adjoining, to meet and afTcmblc' re’ at the said Work-house, to'hold a general court of ademblyfon: the days herein after directed, for the quarterly holding of the Mtco:cjpy . fame, 'or oftener, at the -said Worfc-house or any other place, if the said governors or any eleven of them, or the court of aflifl-ants,-or'any five or more of them shall fee occasion; and the said register shall also give notice to each member of the court of afftstants, of their-days and place of meeting, and shall also do and perform' all such other business as the said governors, or any eleven of them shall from time to time think necessary to be done; and the said register before lie enters upon his said office, shall Vol. XVIII. -n E ' Vfith

938 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

two other solvent and sufficient persons execute a bond to the I7q8. governors, for a sum not less than five hundred pounds, con-

Chap. 3p. ditioned for his faithful discharge of the duties of hi.-, office, and >TV it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governors, eleven at

fold ttovt*r- , v

norsto-icA least being present at any such meeting or meetings, to nominate

fdaryno'uo’ aru' appoint during pleasure, two physicians to attend the said

c'"tl:i18ali a Foundling-hospital and Work-house, during jileafure, at a yearly

ami o;ii:r of- salary not exceeding eighty pounds a year to each, physiciaa; and

wan,1111"’ also, to nominate and appoint all other necessary officers and fer-

cxcctj.n; vants, to the said FouniHinjv-hospital and Work-house, during plea-(exclusivvly) ’

500l. a year, hire, with fitch reasonable iahnes as they shall judge proper, not

recitnld.-.u- exceeding in the whole, (exclusive of those hereby granted to the fes, H i-im treasurer, register, and pliylicians,) the yearly sum of live liun-m'-ntoi ofli. died pounds; be it enacted, That the said recited chillies, so far hereiwrc- as they relate to the nomination and appointment of the several

p.jtcj. officers therein specified, he, and they are hereby repealed.

Governors

IV. And for the better management of the said hospital, and the more effectual application of the several sums so allotted fcrfala-jr.'iv.t officers yies as above recited; be it enacted, That it shall lie lawful for the amt a:i;l-.riin., governors appointed by this act, or any four of them, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such ollicers and other persons as whole9< jol. a they shall deem 1110ft expedient, for executing the several trusts and duties of the said hospital, and to distribute and apportion salaries to the persons lo appointed, in such manner, and in such proportions as the Ibid.governors, or any four of them shall think fit, provided that Inch salaries shall not in the whole exceed the sums above mentioned, in more than one hundred pounds, per annum,

making in the whole a sum of nine hundred and ninety pounds, per annum.

Monies V. And for the greater security of the funds, applicable to the colloA.-il shall fa;(] hospital, be it enacted, That all monies collected or 'recciv-

b’’ paid into 1 7 ’ t

the bank ctl for the use of said hospital, shall by the: several collectors

hmr'"tn.i or persons receiving the lame, within the ipace of forty-

ffi .11 be pul cijrht hours after such receipt, he paid into the bank of Ire-

thereout on o . . 1 . . 1

orders of 3 land, for the‘life of the said hospital, and that an account shall he

governors. by ti,e hank for the said hospital, and the monies so paid into

: the hank, shall he payable thereout, for the use of the said hospital,

upon the orders of the said governors, appointed by this act, or

of any three of them, directed to the bank for that purpose.

lo force -VI. And be it enacted, That this act shall be in force until the

day of August, in the year one thousand seven hundred and

ninetj-nine.

CHAP.

The ihirly-etghlh Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Maj/fly s Feign, Entitled, An Act for fee tiring the Freedom and Independence of the Ilot/fe of Commons, by ex chiding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown, to be hereafter created., or holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Pen/ions for Terms of Tears, or during His Majesty s Pleasure.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of His Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for [caning the freedom and independence of the house of commons, / r excluding therefrom persons holding any offices under the cro wn to be hereafter created, or hiding certain offices therein enumerated, or pensons for terms of years, or during his Majesty s pleasure, it is enacted, That if any By 33 0 3-person being chosen a member of the house of commons, shall, accepting a alter the thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, accept any office of profit from the crown, dur- crown Hull ing fitch term as he shall continue a member, his feat shall there- ful. upon become vacant, and a writ shall issue for a new cledtion: and v.'hcreas to obtain the object of the said act, it is necessary that the feats of members should be vacated by accepting offices from the chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, in the same manner as if the fame were accepted immediately and directly from the crown: be it therefore enacted, by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and cor,font of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

That if any person being chosen a member of the house of com- members who mons, shall, from and after the passing of this act, accept any of profit, cilice of profit from, or by the nomination or appointment, or by any other appointment, subject to the approbation of the lord of L^I.icut. lieutenant, lord deputy, lord justice or lord justices, or other chief Cate their governor, or governors of this kingdom, his feat shall thereupon persons

become vacant, and a writ shall issue for a new clcdlion: provi- may be rc-

elected.

ded nevertheless, that such person shall he capable of being again clcdted, to be a member of the house of commons, for the place for which he had been a member, or any other place fending members to the house of commons.

939 A.D. 1798.

940 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act to make Provison for Quartering fitch Foreign Tmps as His Majesty may think proper to employ in this Kingdom, for the Defence thereof.

WHEREAS it may at this juncture he expedient and necessary to employ foreign troops, and to bring over lie fame for the defence of this kingdom: and whereas difficulties may arise in providing quarters for lhelt troops: be it enacted by tin-king’ s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conic:! of the lords spirittnl am! temporal, and commons in this preicut foreign nonps parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all ui-Tpio- loch foreign troops hs his Majesty may in his wisdom ami p.ttcrr.J <i.w for in regard for the safe'.y and defence of this kingdom, employ within ashis Majes- this kingdom for the defence thereof, shall and may, during their troops*'arc continuance here, be quartered and received, and provided lor in quartets in I he same manner, to all intents and purports as his Majesty's troops in this kingdom now are, and that the employing, pay ing, billeting, quartering, receiving and providing lor inch troops, shall be deemed and taken to be legal and effeiflnal Ui all intents and purposes whatl’ocvcr, any latv to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

ft may Ire

reccflJiy to

cinplfy In-reign troops.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to enable Cumnifpaners of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, in and for the County, and County of the City of Dublin, to commence, hold, and continue their Ef foils during the Term.

WHEREAS it is necessary for the speedy administration of Commission. jf>n.ice, that commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, and

general or special gaol delivery, may commence their sessions in the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, during term-time: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, and general or special gaol delivery, in and for the county of Dublin, and the county of .2 the

felltons for coimiv, or county of city of !>ub. lin, during tetm.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 94t

the city of Dublin, respectively, to commence, hold, and conti- A.D. mic their fefTtons during the time of term, and notwithstanding 170h-the court of king’s-bench may be fitting in the said counties re-i'pectively, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. And be it cnndled, That all precepts issued, or to be issued, Picccpts for holding file'll fc-fhons, or any of them, during term, shall be iJhns, Hull good and valid, to all intents.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better afeei tabling the Amount., and fairing the Payment if the Bills of Cof of Protlors, employed in carrying on, and defending Suits ami transailing Bufmejs in the High Court of Admiralty, in His Majesty's Court of Prerogative, in the Court of Delegates, and in all Ecelefajl-ical Courts within the Kingdom of Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS feveval eontroverfies, differences and disputes have arisen between prodtors and their clients, touching the bills of cost of the said prodlors, the amount of them respectively, and the payment of the fame, for business transacted by said proctors in the high court of admiralty, his Majesty's court of prerogative, the.court of delegates, and in all cccleliallical courts within this kingdom; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and From i it ninety-eight, no prodtor of his Majesty’s-court of prerogative, or Jjj1^ 'f)f of his Majesty's high court of admiralty, court of delegates, or cf flu.iic.it.-any cccleliallical court in this kingdom, shall commence or main-' tain, any addon or 1'uit at law, or otherwise for the recovery of ;^-'oriA any fees, charges or disbursements which lliull on or before the afar adivery laid first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-1 v.bten'Xd eight, or at any time after the said Jay, he or become due t,r owing to him in any proceedings in any of fair! comts, until the expiration cf one month or more aiicr Inch pr.-ilor Hrall have delivery cJ u'nto 'the party or pa;tics to le charged therewith, or'eft for him, her or them, at his, her or their dwelling-hour's, or last'place of abode, a bill of fuel) fees, diatgeS and dilourlcments, written in a common legible band, and in the Engkth tongue, Ccxcefit' law terms, or names of such proceedings in fitch courts as are ulu-

Vol. xviii. ii y ally

t taxation of ..bills.

942 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

ally expressed in other languages,) and in words at length, (except 179®‘ times and sums,) which bill shall be subscribed with the proper band such proctor, and upon api'.lication of the party or parlies chargeable by such bill, or of any other person in that behalf authorized, unto the judge or judges of such of the aforesaid courts( in which the business contained in such bill, or the greatest part thereof, in amount or value, shall have been transacted for the , taxation of such bill; and upon the submission of the party ei -parties, or such other person authorized as aforesaid, to pay the whole sum,- that upon the taxation of the said hill shall appeario

he due' to the said proctor, or upon application of the proffer,

after the delivery of such bill to the person or persons, and in the

manner herein before mentioned, to such judge or judges of said , court, for the taxation of such bill, it shall and may be lawful for judges 10 re- the judge or judges of said court, and he and they is, and are hc-re-toregtfc'r!'5 by required to refer the said bill, and the said prodors demands to.betaxed. thereon, (although no action or luit.shall be then depending,

touching the fame,)- to be taxed and settled by the register 0: laid court or his deputy, without any money being brought into the said court for that purpose; and the said judge or judges is, and are hereby authorized and required to review and alter, as he or they Avail think fit, the taxation of the said register, or of his deputy, and certify the fame; and if the said proctor, or the party regiitmmiy’ or parties chargeable by such bill having due notice, shall, reful’e or . proceed. neglect to attend such taxation, the said register or his deputy may . proceed to tax the said bill, ex parte, pending, which reference and taxation, no action Avail be commenced or prosecuted touch-«- Bills, to be ing the said demand; and upon the taxation and settlement of such

jwhh.wheli bill, and demand, the said party, or parties shall forthwith pay to juries fable *be proctor, or any person by him authorized to receive the iqjtflions. fame, the whole sum that shall be found-to be, or remain due; thereon; which payment shall be a full discharge of the said bill and demand; and in default thereof, - the said party or parties shall be liable-to an action at the-Chit of said proctor,to be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of law of this kingdom, for such sum

as shall be ascertained by such taxation, tO:be due to said prodot, j’/eofeffer. upon such his bill or demand.; and upon the trial of such action jasbcfoK,' ’ it shall be sufficient for-such proctor, to prove the service of such itof^far-bill, m manner:herein :before mentioned, and such proof, toge-.or deputy, ther with proof, of the name and hand-writing of the register, or ftal/bc^up- of his deputy, who shall tax such colls, and of, the judge or judges . . of said court, to said bill, shall be sufficient evidence on such trial

of the taxation thereof; and if upon such taxation and settlement,

-Judges may

alter taxation.

: If proflors <lo nouttend,

'The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 943

-it shall be found that such proctor shall happen to have been over- A D.

paid by any sum or sums of money, which shall appear to have been paid to the said proctor, during the course of such proceed- Morey mw-

ings, for and on account of the fame, then and in such case, the said proctor shall forthwith refund and pay over unto the party preftors, or

or parties entitled thereto, or to any person by him, her or them <£ci"U> '

authorized to receive the same, all such money as the said register,

and judge or judges shall certify upon the said bill to have been so

overpaid; and in default thereof, the said proflor shall be liable to

an action at the Atit of the said parry or parties, in any of his Majesty's courts of law- in this kingdom, for such sum or Aims so

- overpaid; and proof of the name and hand-writing of the register Pranfof re-

or his deputy,-and; judge or judges of said-court, in which fiiid wriiini; (inti

-bill is taxed, subscribed to such bill, shall be sufficient evidence of ha mdcncc.

said over-paymentarid the judges of said respective courts, arc lowjujgr*

n rc r . fta'laward

hereby authorized to award the colts ol such taxation, according to tu-coils of

uhe event of the taxation; that is to say, if the bill taxed be less

by a sixth' than the bill delivered, then the prodlor is to pay the

costs of said taxation, but if it' shall not be less, the court shall in

I its discretion, charge the' prodtor or client-with such colls, accord-

' ing to- the nature of the case.

‘CH A -P. XL.

An Act for the'letter enabling certain Persons to open and work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals, and Poffils in this Kingdom, and for working and manufacturing the same.

WHEREAS the following persons, videlicet, Abraham Millsi tv-rfon, William Roe, Robert Hodgson, Bryan Hodgson, Thomas Weaver, Senior, Edward Hawkins, Thomas Smith, and Charles -

Caldwell, all of Great Britain, esquires, and Brabazon Noble, late worked of the city of Dublin, esquire, in or about the year one thousand f^othw* seven hundred and eighty-seven, a floriated themselves together n'incs'» for the purpose of working copper, and other mines in this kingdom, under the name and firm of " the associated Irish mine company j" and have since worked the mines of Cronebane, and other -mines in the county of Wicklow, and have expectled thereon, and in, for, and concerning the working the fame, the sum of forty-eight thousand nine hundred and fourteen pounds sixteen fhil-[i F 2 lings

lam! and Boi lou, u\ aflig. nces; and ll.c share of NoMs is verted in i\Otvlcv;

half of Rors flinre is Wiled in JciVe-iies; a.ul i-jtlt of W caver, fen. h veiled in

’Weaver,jun.

"The 'thirtj-eighth Year of George III.

lings anil two-ponce, independant of intcrefl: And wherea the

laid i'evcrul persons did after forming said company, admit the \i

William Roc, andltis partners in trade, by the description of Yi ii-

liam Roe and company, to bold one equal (bare with them, ;>v

which the said concern became divided into ten equal fnarcs: And whereas the shares, rights, and titles, and intcaft?, which the

Cr.l<:ivdl.-.ic laid Thomas Smyth and (diaries Caldwell had in the said concern!, w'.ioi in

w.illui.I,iy. are now veiled in Richard Walker, Thomas Leyiand, and Joiur Bolton, all of Liverpool, in the said kingdom of Great Britain, as assignees of their ellate and effect's, and the share, and right, and title, and interest, which the said Brabazon Noble had therein, lire -alh become veiled in William Rowley, esquire, as afllgncc of Ins estate and ciTcfts; and one-half of the 'bare of the said William Roe has been atsigned by him, and is now veiled in John Jehe-rics, esquire, and one-fifth part of the .'bare of the said Thcmrs Weaver, senior, has been assigned hv him, and is now veiled in his son Thomas eavtr, junior, esquire: and whereas if the said company, and those peifuns who are now entitled to 'bares therein as aforesaid, were incorporated and in veiled with powers for regulating their capital Rock, ami of extending the fame, and for working the said mines, it would greatly facilitate the carrying on and encreasing the working of the said mines, and might encourage the said company to undertake the working of other mines in this kingdom, to the great advantage oi the trade and manufactures thereof, be it therefore enacted by the King’s mol excellent Ma-jcRv, by and with the advice and consent of the'lords ipimual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament, aUembled, and , herein^namcJ ty’ the authority of the kune, That i .'.mediately after the passing and deferib- of this ?.£>. the said Abraham Mills, William Roc, for himself, and

ciii In ail be

incorporated, also for the tenth lliare vested in him and his partners in trade as

aforesaid, Robert Hodgson, Bryan iiodgfon, Thomas Weaver,

dated will senior, Edward Hawkins, and the said Richard Walker, 'Thomas

mine coin-

pany," Leyland, and John Bolton; said William Rowley, John Jefferies, *;Wca*l'Jc^VC al1d Thomas Weaver, junior, or the other persons who Hull a:

the time of passing this ail be legally entitled to the cfl.atos.and in- tcrcflsof the said Thomas Smith, ('.Italics Caldwell, and Brahazon Noble, and their fuecelfors and alligns, shall he ereiled and united into one company, and for ever hereafter in name and in fact he one body politick and corporate in law, and shall be called by the . name of the associatcJ Irilli mine company, and shall have perpetual succesl'ion and a common leal, and by their laid name of ineor-. poration, shall be enabled to plead and flic, and to be impleaded

'. . 3 a®1

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 945

and filed in all courts and places of judicature, and shall thence- A.D. forth be capable in law to purchase and take any mines, mineral 1797

waters, water-courses, messuages, lauds, tenements, and heredita- Chap.40. ments for the purposes of working or manufacturing, as they pXrtTcT" shall think fit, all or any mines or mine of coal, culm, and ores, i!,r a,!bciated

4 r t 7 Inin mint;

minerals, fossils, mineral waters, quarries or marble, and all beds cuu]\in>-, of clay, ochre, flint, and other matters usually found and d'lfeo-vered in the earth, of what nature or kind soever, and shall from thenceforth be fully empowered by themselves, their agents, workmen, and servants, to open, work, and manufacture the fame, without incurring any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statutes of mortmain, and also to fell or otherwise dispose of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchased for the purpose aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the All right estate, right, title, term,'andinterest, in and to the town and lands, hi*townand and mines of Cronebane, and other mines in the county of Wick- f low, aforesaid, with all buildings and improvements thereon, and Cronebane, on every of them, and all property veiled therein, and held in the min'/lifco name of any person or persons in trull for the aforesaid original persons, who formed said alTociation, in order to effectuate the held in unit purpose aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be held in trull for p-rfoiVs^'rn'ii the body corporate, formed under this act, and shall be and enure for

their use and benefit, and for the benefit of their successors and af- bodycorpo-signs, as fully as if this act had not been made, save where such rjt0' share or shares shall be sold by order of the company under the clauses of this act.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the joint tvhai (hill flock of the said company shall be their estate, term and interest, of g'Jh fiy and in the lands and mines of Cronebane, in the county of Wicklow, company: which were purchased in trull for and with the money of the said company, together also with all the ores now raised there, and on the lands of Tigrony, in said county, and all the debts due to the said company, and all the ores, timber, working-tools, utensils, and materials of all kinds, now at, or in the mines, or lands of said company in said county, and which were found or provided by the said company, or at their expence, together with all such further films as shall be hereafter raised or subscribed in manner herein mentioned, and that it shall and may be lawful for the fad company may company to encrease their said (lock, with such sum or sums of money as the said company, or the majority of them, at some general or special meeting, shall judge proper or necessary to be Vol. XVIII. 11 G raised

946 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

raised by subscription, for the purpose of carrying on their works, '798- which laid sum or sums when subscribed and raised, shall be added to, and become part of the joint stock of the said company.

Stock not to exceed 100,000l.

Comptny may n (Tumble and make l>yc !a»v5,

rule?, orders, Ac.

Accounts may be audited.

‘ Bye-laws, potto be contrary to laws of the »cM ».

3 Days notice of meetings, (c.\ivpi the lirJl.)

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the/inn or firms to be so raised, together with the present joint stock of said company, shall not in the whole exceed the film of one hundred thousand pounds sterling.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said company to a (Tumble at Croncbane, or elsewhere, within twelve months alter the passing of this act, and once in every year after, and from time to time, as occasion may require, to adjourn fitch assembly, and at such a(-fembly or any adjournment thereof, to make such bye-laws, rules, and orders, for the better government of their affairs, and of their members, and for railing Inch fubl’criptions, and for appointing such directors from among the members of the said company, and for declaring and ascertaining the powers of such directors, and for carrying on, conducting, extending and managing tl.e works which they are hereby empowa.red to carry on, and conduit, as they shall think lit, and to vary cr repeal Inch bye-laws, rules, and orders, and to make new ones for the good and orderly coiullifting and managing of the said wtiiIts, all which bye-laws, rides and orders, being reduced into writing, anil 1'ibleribed by the members of the said company, or their lucceilors that shall be then present, either in person, or by proxy, ill dl be binding upon the said company and their lucccfiors, and that all such orders and proceedings so entered into, shall be fairly written in a book, to be kept for that purpose, by Come clerk, or person to be employed by the company for that purpose, and that every fuel: assembly shall have power to call for, audite, and settle all accounts of money received,-laid out, or disbursed on account of the said aflixiated Irish mine company by the treasurer, or by any other person or persons whomsoever, authorized by, or concerned for, or under them, in and about the said undertaking, and the works thereto belonging.

VI. Provided always, That the said bye-laws, rules and orders, or any of them, (l-.all not be contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm.

VII. And provided also, That eight days notice at the least, including the day of fitch notice, and the day of holding any such assembly, shall he given of every such meeting, (favc the full meeting alter the pa fling of this adi) by a secretary or agent to be ap-

a pointed

'7T-Chip p.

‘ .* cou* vcucd.

The ihirly-dihtb Year of George III.917

pointed by the Ibid.company as herein after menu->:icJ, of th:' A. !). time and place of holding such alTcm'ilv in Inch jmV.ick newly, i-per as shall be ordered by the chairman of the said company, lave only that it shall not be neeeif.uy to give any such notice of any aifcmbly that shall be held by adjournment as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the before named Abr.t- i.;r.t Cir.-c-harn Mills, William Roe, Iidward Hawkins, Robert iodgfo.l, and hT")1, Thomas Weaver, junior, or the ftirvivors of them, shall be the uan.-i-e 1. tirft directors of the said company, and tint the fai l Abraham

Mills, shall be the lirlt chairman to prefxle at the lirlt meeting, to be held in pursuance or this act, and that any two or more of the said dire-dtors, (the chairman being one) thill form a committee of the said company, and proceed as Inch in carrying into effect all rules, orders, and regulations entered into at any alterably of the said company or adjournment thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time ap- r, wi,.« pear, that for the more effectually nulling this aid in execution

J 1 1 n..l alR’lll-

an allcmnly of the said company of proprietors is necelftry to be icim.i'iiie held out of the usual Idated course, it lh ill he lawful for any five or more of the said proprietors, who may each of them be possessed of or entitled unto ten lharcs or subscrinthms of one hundred pounds, at the lead, in the said alfici ited Irish mine company, to c.iulc thirty-one days notice at the leill to be given thereof, in Tome public's: newspaper, in the city of Dublin, specifying in such notice the real'on and intention of req idling llteh special assembly, and the time and place where the same shall be held, which place shall be cither at the royal exchange in the city of Dublin, or at Cronebanc aforesaid, and all the said proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to inch notice, and Inch of them as Ih.iil be prd'uit shall proceed to the execution of the powers by this aid given to the said company of proprietors, with relperil to the matters so spedlied only, and all such acts of the proprietors or the atijar part of them, met together at every Inch special alTe nbly, (provided fitch major part shall oe possessed of at -'7'of ,!l: lealt two hundred and fifty shares or subscriptions of one hundred such special pounds each, in the said associated Irish mine company) either in principals or proxies, shall be as valid with respect to the matters i( P"|fl(T:d " speeiiied in such notice as if the fame had been done at any (dated io=l. each, general assembly.

X. And be it enacted, That any mem’ier of the said company Ouboraf-who Hull be appointed a director of the said company, shall be- belttkeiTby fore he shall proceed to add as such, take and subscribe the following Jircjors.to

be aunumfter-

It G 2

oath,

948 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

oath, (or if he be of the people called quakers, the following '79s' affirmatioa) at forae assembly of the said company, which oath or 1_, affirmation the chairman who shall preside at such assembly is ed by chair- hereby empowered to administer, and the same shall be fairly en-

man, and en- 1 ' y

tered by ic- tered by the secretary belonging to the said company, and pre-crciary. served in a book to be kept for that purpose.

' / A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, (or if of the people called Quakers do ajfrm) that I will faithfully and impartially according to the best of my fill and knowledge, execute the several powers and trusts committed to me as one of the directors of the af-rociated Irish mine company, by the bye-laws, rules, and orders of the said company, without any favour or affeflion, prejudice or malice whatsoever.

Each director to be pof. felled of 10 shares.

Dfvision of Hock Into flwrej.

Shares deemed personal property?

the holder of a share Diall be entitled to a five hundredth part of the profits, and shall bear a proportion of expence.

XI. Provided also, That every person to be appointed a director, shall be actually possessed at the time of such his appointment, of ten shares at the least, in the said associated Irish mine company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid sum of forty-eight thousand nine hundred and fourteen pounds sixteen shillings and two pence, shall be divided into five hundred equal {hares or parts, and that the said five hundred shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several persons already named, and their respective executors, administrators and assigns, to their and every of their proper life and benefit, proportionably to the sum they have already actually paid thereunto; and all and every the said shares shall be deemed personal estate, and transmissible as such, and not in the nature of real property, and all bodies politic and corporate, and all persons, their several and respective fuccel-fors, executors, administrators and assigns, who shall severally become entitled by purchase or otherwise, to one {hare in the said associated Irish mine company, shall be entitled to take, have, and receive for every such share, the entire and real distribution of one five hundredth part of the profits and advantages that shall arise and accrue to the said company, and so in proportion for any greater number of shares, and that every person or persons having such property of one five hundredth part, or one share in the said company, and so in proportion for any greater number of shares as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable sum towards carrying on the said undertaking in manner herein directed and appointed.

The thirty-eighth Year of Ge-orgs III. 949

XIII. And for the better securing to the several proprietors of A. I.\ the said afloeiated Irish mine company tlteir respective shares there- 179^-in: be it further enacted, That the said company of proprietors, shall and are hereby required at their frit, or foine ftibsequent gene- N.tm-s anj ral assembly, to cause the names and proper additions of the leve- proprietor rat persons who (hah then be entitled to a (lure or shares in the hares wha

ciiUTcti tn t

said company,'with the number of the shares which they are then t-ouk,aid Uw respectively entitled to hold, to be entered in z bool; ro be for that arceniiilcH"^' purpose kept by the clerk or secretary to the said company, and "! that the said clerk or l’ccretary, shall in such book or books, enter lions of the and keep a true account of the names and additions of the leve- n^nwi-ntcr-ral, persons who shall from time to time become owners and pro- clerlc prietors, or-entitled to any share or shares in the said company., and of all theadls, proceedings, and transaiTcions of the said company, by virtue, of and under the authority of this act; and that every proprietor of the said company dull and may at all con- Propria--

venient and reasonable times have rcconrfc to laid book or books, m:'?c‘

r eels la becks.

and liberty to peruse and insped the said hook or hooks, and also all other book or books to be kept by the secretary, or by any clerk or clerks of the said company, and may demand and have copies thereof, or any part thereof, at their own private expence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That-every person or persons 0 who shall become possessed of one share in the (lock of the said ("reacH company, and their successors, executors, administrators and af- proprietor signs, shall for every such share have one Vote in the general and special assemblies to be held as herein appointed, provided that no proprietor shall have move than twenty-live votes, although he may have a greater number of shares; which vote or votes may Votes m.iy be given, either in person or by proxy, appointed by instrument fonSl b'-ill writing, under the hand and seal of such person or persons, pr°*;’ every such proxy being a prqprietor in the said undertaking, which said proxy shall be revocable at the will of the person or persons granting fame, and -every quehion, matter or thing, which shall be proposed, discussed or coriftdered, in any special or general Q^tnions (] assembly of the said company, shall be determined by the majo- icrminedby rity of votes and proxies then present, computing one vote to vocet'*' ° every such share, not exceeding twenty-five, as aforesaid, to be given by any one person, and that if there be an equality of votes, that the chairman of such assembly shall have a calling voice, be- ha?caiting fidi!s his vote or votes as a member of said company; provided v""^ nevertheless, that no person shall act as proxy for more than five shall be absent proprietors. JZeVao

XV. Provided <"

Hull have more than 2 5 votes.

550 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no pro-1798- prietor or proprietors, who shall be in arrear in the payment of any sum or sums of money now due, or which may become due Members , in or payable for, or by reason of any expenditures made by the faij "'"r 1,01 " company, or by its order, or any call or calls to be made by vir-, tUC of this present act, upon the members of the Paid company,

: shall be entitled to vote, either in person, or by proxy, at any meet-: ingor assembly to be held under the powers of this act, during the time that such sum or sums, or call or calls, shall be lo in arrear and unpaid.

|irc!tlt°pro-

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from pri.wr, may and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and Ihatc;° . for any person or persons, already possessed of any flinre cr

fltafes in the said company, to hold any number of such shares, not exceeding fifty whole lliarcs, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding. 1

Pioprinor

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he law-fu' for every proprietor of the said joint stock, to bequeath the fame, by lad will or testament, or to fell and allign the lame, in his, her, or their life-time; and that every assignment or transfer assignimms shall be entered and made, in a book for that purpose, to be kept in id be entered such p|acc as the said company shall appoint, and to be called the

in the traite- 4 1 J I r

unlock; transfer book; and that no assignment: shall be deemed good unii]

entry.be made in such book as aforesaid. bTcnnred'i; . XVI1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no months be- person shall be qualified to vote at any alterably of the said com-orc voting, pany y,y v;rtue of any assignment, unhi’s the fame be actually made

and entered in the said transfer-book for the full space of six calendar months previous to the time of his or her tendering such vote or votes]

Stock may

XIX. And be it enacted, That if at any time the said company miucdtoper think fit to.encrease their said capital stock, it shall and may cent in nyear. be lawful to and for-any assembly of the said company convened as herein before, mentioned, from, time to time as they may think fit and, necessary,.. to require the several proprietors of the said joint-flock,to pay in such parts of their respective ftibscriptions as the said assembly shall think necessary for the better or more exten-

fi-ve carrying on the said company’s works: Provided always, That no greater, sum than twenty pounds per cent, on the value of the several oiigioal shares'shall be required to be paid in any ..one, year.

utio’do'not0" £X. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the propri-

pay in their . etors of the said joint-flock, their representatives or assigns, shall proponions, rcfufc

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 951

refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportion- A.D. able part or ihare of the films or monies so called for at the office 179°* of the said company at Cronc'oane aforesaid, or at such other place as the said company shall appoint, for the (pace of sixty-onc within 60 days after the lime appointed for pjyinent thereof as aforesaid, then , Vnic inpoint-and in Inch case, the person or persons so neglecting or refilling, ;"r_" shall forfeit his, her, or their ihare or shares, part, or filtered in torcib, J the said company, and all profits and benefits thereof, and all mo- liccah'alc of ney advanced, and deposites or payments made for, or on account of such shares, and the fame flia.II be forfeited to, and become the property of the said corporation, and twenty-one days notice shall be given in such manner as the said company shall direct, in foine public newspaper in the city of Dublin, that the said company will proceed to fell by public cant, on such days as shall be speci. fied in such notice, the Ihare or /hares of the person or persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the sum or films which they shall have been required to pay, and unless such person or persons shall fInrMtnbe before the day specified in such notice, pay the respective films so ^’efun-' required to the said company, or such persons as they shall appoint fo"1*

for the purpose, the said company shall fell by public cant at the and pro|>ric-royal exchange in the city of Dublin, between the hours of one and t'oen^foritf two of the clock in the afternoon, the share or shares of the per- ^"ed from

1 all profit!,

son or persons so refusing to pay, and the money for which the &c. fame shall be fold, shall lie equally divided amongst the rest of the proprietors in proportion to their respective shares and interest in the said company, and such proprietor or proprietors from thenceforth shall be for ever barred from such Ihare or shares, and all profits arising therefrom, and of all interest in the fame, both in law and in equity, and such Ihare or shares, and all profits and advantages arising therefrom, shall from thenceforth be vested in the purchaser or purchasers thereof at such laic.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Arrcanntay upon whom any call or calls for money, shall or may hereafter be fuel! for-be made under, or by virtue of this present act of parliament, shall or may neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Ihare or shares, or part or parts of a share or shares of the money, and at the time and place appointed for payment thereof, of which notice hath been given in pursuance of this act, in some publick newspaper in the city' of Dublin, or by causing the same to be demanded personally at the last or moll usual place of residence of such person or persons, or in such other manner as the said company shall at any general or special meeting, direct or appoint, it shall be lawful for the said company to sue for and ii H i recover

The company may either take advantage of forfeiture of shares, or may proceed to recover by law-

Claim of the Rti.Hon. D. ‘Latouche, as representaiive oi*J. Wynne.

The Right Hon. D. La-tonche, or , person entitled tofevemh (Inre of John Wynne, shall enjoy as hccc-. in.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

recover the fame, in any of his Majesty’s. courts of record, by action of debt or otherwise.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable and proportionable (bare or shares, or part or parts of a share or shares of the said monies so to be called for as aforesaid, for the space of sixty-one days after the time, and at the place appointed for payment thereof,- whereby he, she, or they-hath or.have, or shall according to this present act, become liable to forfeit his, her, or their share or (harqs, or part, or parts of a share or (bares, and interest in the said associated Irish mine company, and all the profits and benefits thereof, and all monies advanced by him, her or them, to or for the use or benefit of the other proprietors of the said company, it shall be in the cleftion of the said company to take advantage of the said forfeiture, and proceed therein as in this act is mentioned, or to waive the fame, and proceed in manner aforesaid for the recovery of such rateable or proportionable share or shares of the.money so called, or to be called for as aforesaid, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas previous to the said company’s commencing the working the said mines of Croncbane and Tigrony, the right honourable David Latouche, as representative or assignee of John Wynne, deceased, claimed.to. be, and oow is entitled to the benefit of one-seventh share or part of said mines, for therefidue of a term of sixty-one years, granted and demised by Thomas Smyth, esquire, deceased, to the said John 'Wynne, and others, by indenture of lease, bearing date on or about the fifth day o( September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, fid jest to a. reservod rent or duty of oue-seventh part of all Ores to be raised thereout.

XXIV. And whereas-it is reasonable and just that the owner t of the said John Wynne’s said share shall be permitted to have and

receive the profits -arising therefrom, he or they heing liable to a proportionate part of the expences of working the fame, and interest on all:-money advanced, or to be, advanced on account of the expences.of. working the fame, be.it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,-That the said right honourable David Latouche,

or the person or persons entitled at the time of passing this act, to i the said seventh (bare of the said John Wynne, under the lease. so made to him and others, by said Thomas Smyth, over and above any profits, benefits, and advantages, which he or they shall or may hav.e been, entitled to theretofore, shall have, hold, enjoy 2 and

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

and be entitled unto all profits, benefits, and advantages that have arisen since the formation of said Company, or may during the residue of the said term of sixty-one years, arise on the said John Wynne's said share of, and in the said mines, after deducing a proportionate ihare of the money advanced, and to be advanced for or on account of the working thereof, together with the lawful interest for such expenditures, notwithstanding any clause, matter or thing in this act contained.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the books of accounts of the said company, shall be balanced, settled, and closed up, to and for every twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, and a correct statement of all the (lock and concerns of the said company shall be made out, and the dear profits which shall arise to the said company, from their said works or concerns, or so much thereof as the said company shall or may think proper, shall from time to time, once'in every year at the lead, be paid to and among! the respective proprietors of the said joint Hock in proportion to their shares and interests therein.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if the said company shall think fit at any time to borrow money for carrying on or extending said works, or mining concerns, it shall be lawful fot the said company at any annual meeting, or at any special meeting of the said company to take up and borrow upon the credit of their said capital (lock and concerns, and their estate and interest therein, any sum or sums not exceeding the amount in value of the sums actually expended by the said company, on their said mines and works, at any rate of filtered not exceeding legal interest, and to strike debentures for such sums so borrowed, in such manner as the said company by their byclaws shall appoint, which debentures shall be an actual charge and lien, upon the said company’s (lock, or such parts of their estate as shall be therein specified.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company shall and may purchase, have, take and enjoy to them and their successors, any manors, lands, tenements, annuities, or hereditaments, in possession, reversion, or contingency, not exceeding in value the yearly sum of one thousand pounds sterling, in the whole, of any person or persons having a right, and not being otherwise disabled, to alien or grant the fame, who are hereby enabled to transfer and grant the lame without license or mortmain; and that it shall ami may be lawful to and for the said company, or the in ! lily of them present, at any corporate assembly, from time to time, by indenture under ihtir common

VOL. XYI1I, ’ll! leal,

953 A.D. 1798. Chap. 40-

Account* to be made up, anti bool;*, balanced to 25 March, :*i c\ c! v } car.

division 0! profit).

Cotr.pii-y may bjrww monc) on debentures not crcetdia* funb expend, ed.

Company may purel.afe lands, &c. to the amount of t cool, a

95.4

*E,he thirty-eighth Ytar.cf- George III.

A.D. f^fli to demi.fe or, lease any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, r ygtJ. vested in them, in pursuance o'f this act, or any part or parcel Chap, 40. thereof,'for any term or number of years, in cities or towns cor-Compnny porate, for building, not exceeding the term of, ninety-nine years, E foTfer anc^ ‘n any other place not exceeding the term of three lives, or ,91 years in for any number of years-not exceeding thirty-one years, so as towns-corpo- upon every such demise or lease, there he reserved and made payable half-yearly to the said company, during the continuance of years in mlicr such lease, and lealcs-respectively, as much rent as can at the tied Ui’ey re-' making of such lease and leases respectively, be really and bona fide, gotten for the fame, from a solvent tenant, and so as no fine or

rent >V3 can be ©1

gotten, and other consideration be taken for the fame, and that every such . no fine taken; . '

and leases not. pemne or lease be made in possemon and not in reversion.

'"lmCc XXVIir. And be it enacted by the authority, aforesaid, That

otherttife , all leases made of fitch lands, tenements, or hereditaments,'in any

void!" bc other ’manner, or for any other terms, shall be null and void to

all intents and ptirpoles.

Sutiscribers

XXIX. And be it enacted, That no person being or becoming liable 10 be a. member or subscriber of or to the said company, shall thereby or norftlickHj-’ *n respect of his interest in the capital stock of said company, be tie to foreign liable to be a bankrupt, within the meaning of any law concern-saving his ’ ing bankrupts, nor shall the capital ftocb.of said company, or the dght^ S e interest of any particular member, therein, beJiable to any foreign attachments, saving always, and reserving to the king’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, all such rights and pre-, emplion of ore, and all other rights, duties and demands whatso-. ever, in, unto, or out of any mines, minerals and ore* or any of . them, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, might or would have been entitled unto, ..in case this act had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Service of

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fer-ftircuty" Vlcc ^lc secretar}' he at any time appointed by the said com-^tl.ivs before . pany, or their successors. as aforesaid, or any of them, with any thereof, mall fiibpama, order, decree, or process of any court of law or equity, vkcofcoot"- shah be good service of the said company or their successors, To as

par.jr. such service be made fourteen days at the least before the return of such fubpeena, order, decree, or process.

Jon. 1800,

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at moy'lieJif- any time after the first day of January, which will be in the year

it.i. c. 1, 01 one thousand eight hundred, upon the said company’s giving

months no- twelve months notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette, and

Hcttc"J signifying their intention by their petition in writing, sealed with

p.ti-.toning their common seal, and addressed to the lord lieutenant, or other

nc lord lieu- ’

tenant. 3 chief

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 955

chief governor, or chief governors of this kingdom for the time A.D. being, and of their with to he difiolved, that then, and in such case the said corporation, shall, from and after the expiration of v twelve months after such notice published, ceai'c, and be absolute-1}’ dissolved.

XXXII. And be it cradled by the authority aforesaid, That this f pcblu!: aft shall be deemed, and taken to be a pubiidc aft, and that if any suit shall he commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general ifitic, and give the special matter in evidence.

CHAP. XL!.

An Act for granting certain Tells, Sates, and Duties, to he taken at the iurnpikes, ai the Scads leading over Bally-hough and Annesley Bridges, in Aid of the Barony Prefen l-vients, and in Lieu of the Tolls formerly payable at such Turnpikes, and for amending the Lams for making, widening, and repairing the said Roads, and for making perpetual the several AHs of Parliament relating thereto.

WHEREAS the tolls, rates, and duties, payable by several

acts of parliament, for making, widening, and repairing mcrion are the road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other reads leading to "

Dublin, over Ballybough-bridge, are not sufficient, after paying the sums required by law to be applied towards the discharge of the money borrowed in pursuance of the said acts, and the interest thereof, to make the said roads, and keep the fame in proper repair: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the following

J . . tolls

the following tolls, rates and duties shall be paid at any gate, bar, paid, viz.

or toll-house crested, or which shall he erected on the said roads,

before any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaile, chair, waggon,

wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or any horl’e, mare, gelding,

or other bead herein after mentioned, shall be peimitted to pass

through the fame; that is to say, for c-veiy coach, berlin, chariot, T’ch' ke'

° ' . nr *'ravvu by (J

calafli, chsi'e it tbidr, c’n.Vin ly fx 1 til'cs cr Uifls t-f burthen,or more*

r , tanc',25. ai.

f J J 2 or

- The thirtjreighth Year of George III.

A. O. or more, the sum of two fliillitigs and two pence; for every coach,

179C. berlin, chariot, calath, chaifc or chair, drawn by a less number Chap- 41- than 'fix beads' of burthen, and more than two, the sum of one drawITb7iv^--^1*nS one penny 5 for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaflt, maietauz 8*S> c^'a'de or chair, drawn by two horses, the sum of eight pence.; is. id. for every gig, chaifc or chair with four wheels, drawn by one Itorfc drauu b? or bead, the sum of live pence; for every gig, chaise or cliair, with two wheels, drawn by one liorfc or head, the sum of four pence.; 1 ho*, 5<i. for every jaunting car, the sum of three pence,; for every waggon, ijth* b<: ' wain, cart or carriage of-burthen, with four wheels, drawn by fix, j mining car, or jc|-s tjlan four horses or beads of liurthen, and whose wheels carriage of shall not be of the breadth of six inches at the lead on the foie whh+«hcds,-when worn,' or the breaks not let >011 with-flat-headed bolts or v'ith whed?’' na'k> uounterfunk in such a manner as not to-rife above the drauks,

as herein dc* . scribed»2s.2d.

faefr carriage with wheels as

herein, is.^d. such carriage drawn by more thaw 5 r.nd ljfs than 6. with wheels as herein, l.\8d.

and with wheels as herein, is. id.

carriage of burthen, with 2 wheels and 2 beaib, and -.wheels, its herein, 6<ih.

- the sum-of two.shillings and two pence; for every such waggon, ivain, car; or carriage, wholewinels shall be of .‘he breadth of six inches oil the foie when worn, and the,breaks set on as aforesaid, the/um of one shilling and four pence; for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage of bin then, with four wheels, drawn by a less number than fix, and more than two horses or beasts of burthen, whose wheels shall not be of the breadth of six inches at the lead on the (ole when worn, or theftreaks not set on as aforesaid, the sum.of.one shilling and eight pencq; for every such waggon, wain, cart or carriage, whose wheels shall be of the breadth of six inches , on'-the folc.wheii worn, and the dreSks set on in manner aforesaid, the sum of one 'shilling and one penny.; for every wain, cart, brewer’s dray, or carriage of burthen, with two wheels, ilrawn by two horses or beasts of burthen, whose-wheels shall not be of the breadth, of four inches at- the least on the 'foie when worn, or the

such carriage drc;lks not let on as aforesaid, the sum of six pence halfpenny; for ai'hcKip'fi every fiudi wain, cart, brewer’s dray, or carriage-of burthen, whose wheels shall be. of the breadth of four indies on the foie, when worn, and the-streaks set on as aforesaid, the sum of four pence; cart or trew- ^or every cart pr brewer’s dray with two wheels,drawn by onehorfe er'^ray, or head of burthen, and whose wheels shall not be of the breadth and i horfr, , of four inches at the lead on the foie when worn, or the streaks aihrrein'kj,1101 *ct on.as aforesaid,- the sum of five psnee; for every such cart inch cart or or brewer’s dray, drawn by one horse or bead of burthen, whose

dray, wah 1 4

wbcpis as wheels shall be of the breadth ol lour inches.on the foie when worn, Jicrim. 3d. rnj the streaks set on as aforesaid, the sum of three pence; for a rv’brrU, and every ear, or carriage of burthen, with two wheels, drawn by one horse or bead, of burthen, not herein before described, whose wheels herein, lit-., shall not be of the breadth'of three inches on the foie when worn,

or

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

or the ftrcaks net set on as aforesaid, the sum of two pence halfpenny; for every such car or carriage of burthen, whose wheels shall be of the breadth of three inches on the foie when wprn, and theitreaksfct on as aforesaid, the sum of two pence; for every horl'e, mare, mule or afs loaden or tmloaden, and not drawing, the Ann of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the sum of ten pence per ieore, and lb in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep or lambs, the sum of five pence per fcorc, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; and a further toll or duty for every carriage drawing bricks, after the rate of eight pence for every thou-fatul of bricks carried thereon; that is to lay, for every carriage drawing any number of bricks, not exceeding the number of cue hundred and twenty-five, one penny, and for every carriage drawing a greater number of bricks, the Atm of two pence; and a further toll or duty for every carriage drawing any kind of Hones, after the rate of one penny halfpenny for every ton weight of Hones, that is to say, for every carriage drawing any quantity of stones not exceeding the weight of seven hundred and an half, the sum of one halfpenny, and for every carriage drawing a greater weight of stones, the sum of one penny.

II. And be it enacted, That for each and every car or other carriage on which shall be placed any beam, or piece of timber, plank, or beard of the length of twelve feet or upwards, two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, shall be paid before such car or carriage shall be permitted to pass through any pay-gate or bar, on any of the said roads, unless such beam, timber, plank, or board, shall be placed on a carriage with four wheels, or on two cars joined together, and laid thereon lengthways, in which cale only the toll or duty payable by this act, for any such car or carriage, if not loaden with such timber, shall be demanded.

III. Provided always, That the owner or driver of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with four wheels, the breadth thereof not being less than six inches at the foie or bottom thereof, and the streaks set on with fiat-headed nails, and the fore axle thereof, being so much longer or shorter than the hind axle, that the wheels of such carriage shall roll at Icaft ten inches of the road in breadth on each side of such carriage, and the wheels being placed at such a distance from each other, that the space between the middle of the one track made by the wheels of such carriage on the road, and the middle of the other track shall not exceed six feet, shall not he obliged to pay more than three pence toll for any such

Yol. XVIII. ii K waggon,

957

A.D. 1798. Quip. 4r,

I!\! wi ll wheel.' AS

luTiin, 2(1* u'C.

rot at.a ;:ng, line:- i.r.

|u

1 ad.ptrfcorc lor oxen, &c. yd. per iccrc for calves, &c.

KJ.per 100a lor btich*;

three htlf-prree per tun for lloncj.

2l.

for every car.

&c. catrying tin.lnr 12 feet lor cr tipunids, uu. It fs placed as herein.

For waggons, Src.

ns herein dc-fcished, (t.Iy *,d. shall be paid.

958 A.D.

1

Chap. ,].i.

Tolls haie-

by gr.inU’d, ili.ili be id 1:Ij 0! EU.is, smd ill'll! be levied r.ii'.l fljyi.al a» di zuiui by loi-iii'.-r sdU

‘ Penalties not exceeding ao» may be levied by warrant of any justice or , trade?.

Cars drawing marline,

note.vcm/ited.

Swine, &c. so.iml wandering, may be in-pounded, and it 59. be not paid in d ivs, fa. h may be It Id; overplus to owners}

hours no-tux to be polled.

Trustees to

elcfl disguised- '1 lur each

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, at any turnpike gate on the faiil road for passing through the lame.

IV. And be it enacted, That the several tolls, lates, and duties hereby granted, shall lie taken in lieu of the tolls, rates, and duties granted by any former acts for making and repairing the said roads, and the lame shall he taken, levied, and recovered, in the same manner, and with the like powers and authorities, and under the fame penalties as any of the tolls, rates, and duties grantou by the said fotmer acts, or any of them, might be taken, levied, and recovered, and the same shall be applied in the same manner as the tolls, rates, and duties, by tire said former acts granted, are directd to Ire applied.

V. And be it enacted, That all penalties not exceeding twenty shillings, inflicted by any of the said acts, for any offences ngaind the fame, may be levied by warrant, under the hand and leal of any judice of the peace, or by any trudee of the said roads, proof of such offence having been made by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by theeonfcffion of the party, or on the view of such judice or trullee, by dillrcfs and sale of the goods of the offender, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

VI. And be it enacted, That no. car or other carriage, shall be exempted from, any of the tolls, rates,- or duties hereby grante ' in respect of such ear or other carriage being employed in drawing dung or other manure, any. thing in any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for any judice of the peace, or any person by him authorized thereto, or for any inspector or -surveyor of any of- the -said roads, to seize and impound any swine or bead which diall- he found wandering upon any of the said roads, and in case the Ann of live shillings for each and every swine or beajt so seized, and the expences of impounding and detaining the fame, shall not lie paid within four days.after

impounding the lame, to cause such swine or bead to be sold, and out of the money arlSng from the sale thereof, to pay such penalty, and the expences of-impounding, keeping, and.felling the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, notice of such sale, in which shall he minted: the name of the pari-lh and town-land where such livine or bead was Icized, being fit ft ported up in some conspicuous place in tile parish v.-here seized, and at the place where impounded, forty-eight hours at-the lead before the lime , of sale.

VIII. And 1-e it enafl.-d, That the trustees for the said roads, shall as focn after the passing of this act as conveniently n:..y be,

nn-d.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

95$

7 truflfc* (o coiifliiutc;* v.pg, mid

meet, and at such meeting shall tied by ballot from among the A.D. ('.till trnllees three persons for each line, branch, or ilivilion, of the i7(A i'cveral roads comprized in the said acts, to be directors for superintending and managing the several lines, branches, and divisions of the said roads, for which they shall he respectively elected Jiredors, and for tratifading all bnfincls relative to the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That seven trustccs shall be necessary to constimte a meeting of the said trullces, and that the ad of the majority of seven, shall be the ad of and binding upon the said d jta

' ? ° ninjumvot 7.

trullces. shall be bind-

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any seven of irilllcc3 the fai-.l rrultees, by a rctjuilition in writing, under their hands, at dire® any time, to direct their clerk to call a meeting of the said irustees, c,|| a mcc’t-specifying in the notice thereof, the catise of alfcmbling the truf- ^?!|f1sJ'-crc'n tees, and the notice thereof Hull he polled on the several gates on the said road, seven days previous to the time appointed lor such meeting.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said truf- TmiWcs tees, at any meeting to be held by them, pursuant to this act, to

call on the said directors, to give an account of their conduct and C'’", U!

0 . find nny re*

proceedings; and that it shall be lawful to and for Inch trustccs at mow thrm such meeting, to remove any such director from his ollice as a di- !iuy%r?it" rector, it it shall appear that he shall have acted improperly as a dca°l!lcrfc director, and thar then the said trustees shall forthwith proceed to elect another director or directors in the (lead or room of such director or directors so removed, and also to elect a director upon any vacancy by death or resignation.

XII. And be it enacted, That every director who shall he elect- o3.btobe ed, pursuant to this act, shall before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath in the words following, before one of the trustccs directori. before mentioned, who is hereby empowered to admiuiller the same.

7 A.B. do/wear, that I will well and truly discharge the duty of a direP.or of that branch or line of the road leading to Dublin, over Bull)bough and /Innc/ley1 bridges, of which 1 an; ciu.ed a director, according to the best of my fill, without favour or malice; and that I will account faithfully with the trujiccs of the said road, for all money received by me as a direJhi.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the fiipmifors of the remedive of lines, or branches of tile said roads, shall as o ten as required by the said directors of such lines or branches, or any of them, attend it ha on

5l. penalty on

iupervisor lor

neglect of duty.

'Directors ftull have full powers to carry former arts into execution, as to conducting road, and expenditures.

- Directors to lay their accounts be* fore trullecs, quarterly;

verified on ..oath.

Application

of money atiiing from . tolls.

1 he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

oil the fnicl roads respectivdv, and shall fee that all orders and works, directed and ordered by the said directors, be properly executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when required from time to time, to the said directors, of the date nature, and circinnstances of the said roads, and tliail remove ail miifances, encroachments, and obstrudions, On the said roads, and dball fupeiintend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the said roads, and pay them their wages, but subject to the orders of the said directors, and each supervisor shall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and shall attend nil meetings, of the said directors and trustees, if so required; and if any supervisor shall refute or n eg led. to perform his office of supervisor. as required by this act, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of any two or more credible witnesses, before any justice of the peace, every such super.visor shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such..offence, to be levied by distress and sale of such ftipervisor’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) to such supervisor.

XIV.-And be it enacted, That the said directors shall have full power to carry the said several acts into execution, so far as the conducting of the making, draining, and repairing of the said roads, and the -expenditures ftr the fame, and that the consent or direction of the said trustees shall not be necessary to authorize, nor shall restrain or prohibit the said directors to do every ad towards carrying the said-acts-into execution, so far act aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That, the bid directors shall four times in every year, that is to say, on some day to be appointed in every month of February,' May, Atigufl, and November, Jay before the said trustees an account of all their proceedings, and of all monies expended by them in making, widening, and repairing their respective lines or divisions of the said road, the truth of which expenditure shall be verified on oath, by the affidavit of the said directors, which oath any of the bid.trustees is hereby authorized to administer, and the JVid trustees being satisfied of the truth of the said expenditure, shall order the money so expended, to be paid to the directors,who shall have expended the lame.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the money arising by the said tolls, and duties, after reserving fuflkient-tb discharge any part of the'debt of the said trustees, or the interest thereof, and all fabrics and general.expences, be divided and appropriated to the making, widening, and repairing-the several lines and branches of the said road,

toforc pMlt cl, C I »t!MMC irt icrec, except uhcrcby altered.

Personi hi the neigh*

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. yfii

ronl, in the fame proportions that the fame have been heretofore A.D. divided and appropriated. ?9^u

XVII. And be it enacted, That the several acts of parliament heretofore passed relative to the making, widening, and repairing An.ivrc. of the said roads, or any of them, and all powers therein, except so far as the fame, or any of them, are hereby altered or amended,

shall continue and remain in force for ever.

XVIII. And whereas great inconvenience has arisen from persons driving carts, cars, drays, and other carriages, on the said roads, in a disorderly manner, and the difficulties in discovering the owners thereof, so as to be able to bring him or them to punishment, have been great: Be it enacted, That every person rc-siding, or holding any land in the neighbourhood of any of the touriiS, said roads, who shall keep any cart, car, or other carriage, for ^CC|,r drawing burthens, and all persons keeping any cart, car, or Ollier ^plicus;

r 1 1 t ’ . , siivl oup.r< of such carriage, Ueenfed by the fiiperintcndant-magistrate in Dublin, licensed cars, and numbered and plying on any of the said roads, shall cause to be painted on the outside of the left shaft of every such cart, car, or other carriage, in white Roman letters one inch long at the duty, lead, on a black ground, his or her name and surname, and the name of his or her place of residence; and that from and after the first day of July, one thovifand seven hundred and ninety-eight, every cart, car, or other carriage, of any such person as aforesaid, on the outside of the left the ft of which the name and surname, and place of abode of the owner thereof, shall not have been so painted as aforesaid, or fl-all not he publickly visible and legible, every such cart, car, or other carriage, for drawing burthens, shall he charged on passing any pay-gate on any of tlje said roads, double the toll or duty herein before granted irirespect thereof; and the same shall be levied and collected in the same manner, and with the fame powers and authorities as the toll or duty herein before granted.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed, ad- public!; judged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP.

Vol. XVIII.

ti L

The thirty-eighth Tearof George III.

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, and to prevent the excfive Price of Rtf ned Sugar in this Kingdom.

962

A.D. 1798.

(Venn. Lie.

4>. 4«l. per cm. ofdrjw-ImcI: on sugar exported as imported, shall cease between 2{ March, 1798, and zj Majeh,

*799*

4s. 4_d. per cwt.oflumnty on refined fakirs, as here-m described, ftialj cease;

mi.I 7*. 71l. per cwt. of drawback on other refined sugar shall cease.

WHEREAS towards raising the neceslliry supplies granted for the support of your Majesty's government, it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties now payable by law on the exportation of ftigar should be reduced; wherefore we the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do most humbly bc-feech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present par'iament assembled, and by the authority of the same, and from and after the twcn‘y-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the drawbacks allowed by any law during the said period on the exportation from this kingdom, of any sugar in the lame A ate in which it was imported into this kingdom, four shillings and four pence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof, that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninty-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the drawbacks or bounties allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugars, called bastards, or any ground or powdered sugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, or refined sugar called candy, four shillings and four pence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof; and that from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the drawbacks or bounties allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from this kingdom of any other refined sugar, seven drillings and seven pence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof.

- j.ijc ujuij-cigvi/j jl ear of Georg».

I[. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed to extend to reduce the drawback now allowed by law on sugar exported to Great Britain in the fame (tare in which it was imported into this kingdom from foreign parts.

III. And whereas raw or Muscovado sugar, from which all refined sugars are made, is subject to an equal duty in both kingdoms upon the import thereof: and whereas the duty on refined sugars imported, ought to be duly proportioned thereto; be it enacted, That no higher duty than one pound ievonteen shillings

is

A.D. 70S.

Not to cv*

tenJ to !tto if

cVj'ortcJ to

C* i>; in

Ijiiu* J\;*c

iii'jv lie.;

fiosn *-,2'8n

p.m>

VI ' no re

th..u >! 17s.

1 hi. |-*r vwt.

1 12. ill !ic

oil

from Great Britain, after the passing of this act, until the twenty- ol fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, r aigar. being of the manufacture of Great Britain, any law made heretofore, or during the present session of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHA I>. XLIII.

An Act fr directing she Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Husbandry, and other useful Arts.

WHEREAS by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled. An off for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the inlerefl upon the principal Sums therein provided for, and toward.- the discharge of such principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majestys treasury to receive certain fans for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and f.rgranlitig to his Majesty a certain fan of money out of the confdidated fund, and for applying a certain fun of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for other purposes, it is enacted, that Gyreciici Otlt of all or any of the aids or supplies, that there shall and may be idited to the Dublin locietv, the sum of five thousand five hun- 5.500l. b dred pounds, for the improvement of husbandry, and other useful paidTo nutans in Ireland, to be applied in such manner as shall be directed lin £‘>cic,y: by parliament, for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; be it enacted, by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of tile lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the 11 L 2 Paid

application of frid sum: 2,500l. to com. of agti-culture and flaming; and 1300*. for botanic garden, & c.

I700l. for va-

riuus pnrposes Itercinrccited.

No more than 500l. for bounties on manufo£lures> and i'uch only us arc not entitled to other bounty.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

said sum of five thousand five hundred pounds, shall be applied by the said society in manner following; that is to say, that two thousand five hundred pounds thereof, be applied by the committee of agriculture and planting, in promoting agriculture and planting, and in fiirnishing their repository with implements and hooks; that one thousand three hundred pounds thereof, be applied by the said committee in supporting and furnishing their botanic garden, at Glafnevin, and in the necessary expences attending the said in-ftitmion, and in paying a Hilary not exceeding three hundred pounds a year, to doctor Walter Wade, as their professor and lecturer- of Botany, and superintendant of the said botanic garden; and that the remaining one thousand seven hundred pounds be applied by the said society in the payment of salaries, rents, taxes, support of drawing schools, promoting arts, encouraging manufactures, and towards compleating a cabinet of Irish minerals, supporting the expenses of the Lefkean cabinet of minerals, and paying a Hilary not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds to Mr. William Higgins, or such other professor of mineralogy or chymistry, as they Hull from time to time appoint to the care thereof.

II. Provided always, That no greater sum be paid out of the said film of one thousand seven hundred pounds, than five hundred pounds, for bounties on manufactures, or to manufacturers, and that all such bounties be paid on the sale only, and on such manufactures only, as are not entitled to receive any other parliamentary bounty.

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend the Laws for promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

l’tcamble. IjT WHEREAS the machinery of mills is useful in various branches of the linen manufacture, particularly in respect to the bleaching cf linen, and the expence of fuel to keep fleam engines at work in those parts of the kingdom where a constant supply of water for a water-wheel, cannot be obtained, has hither-Modcofcon- to discouraged the erecting of them: and whereas a mode of con-ftcitTcn struding them, has been lately, invented by Robert Delap'of Banging, invent. bridge, in the county of, Down,'whereby the fuel necessarily used li=hp: i*1 boiling the cloth, may be made at the same time, to afford

fleam sufficient for working such engines', be it enacted by the s king’s

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 965

king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con- A.D. lent of the lords spir’.tnal and temporal, and commons in this pro- > 1 "'defeat paid!cnent alFcinble.!, and liy the authority or liic fame, That Tn.'U'." it shall and may be lawful for the said Indices to apply inch parts ‘

of their funds as they shall think proper, in erecting one, two, t!lcy Uiini.

1 4 , on ;ht, in

or three fleam engines, and mill-work annexed to them, lor ertUm-

I.'leaching, pursuant to such mode, in such different paits of this kingdom, as they :T.ail judge moil convenient for making full ex- *jc- f periment of the practicability and utility thereof, and exhibiting rxcmiinj the same to the trade, not exceeding for any one steam engine and mill-work, the turn of, three hundred and fifty pounds, upon yncoiu such conditions as diall appear to them expedient, and also to ap- a!s to crest ply such further part of their funds, as may be necesihry to en- p"4miu!4,1: courage individuals to crest such lleam engines at their own ex- 20 P:r c:ra'

° ° a:ij »ny re-

pence, by way of premium, at a rate not exceeding twenty per want faiii Re. cent, on the money that shall be expended by them therein, and Ifrmi’Jjl also in rewarding the said Robert Dunlap for his invention of the said mode, and laying the fame open for the public benefit, by a per ceulage to him, not exceeding the like rate, on all money which shall be so expended by individuals, within a time' to be limited by the said trustees, any law to the contrary notwith-standing.

II. Provided always, That the sum so to be paid in premiums Suclilium ' . - n t\ not to exceed

to individuals, and in rewarding the said Robert Delap, shall not 2000l. in the

exceed in the whole the fuin of two thousand pounds. Rhl>le'

CHAP. XLV.

An Act to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Male Servants, and to feenre the Payment thereof| and for the better Collection of the Duties on Firc-Ilearlhs, and on Coaches and other Carriages.

FOR regulating tile collection of the duties payable to ills Prca.-nlne Majesty on male servants, and securing the due payment thereof; and for the better collection of the duties on fire-hearths, and on coaches and other carriages: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the rime f(lr duties payable to his Majesty on male servants stall be collected JJ’J"'0- VoL. XVIII. 11 M and male servants.

S)66

A.D.

179b’.

Duly not to extend to fervjr.ts employed in hufljandrv, jmnul.iflurcs, trades or callings.

Duty for job servants, to be paid by person; in wht.fc service employed, &c.

Cast to which exemption tl..iil not extend.

Not to extern! to any butler, cook, ^arJatiiror porter of the tmiveriity; nor to the L.

I.ieutenart’i

servants: not to fi r-V.lilts of llt.f-pifils or charitable iiilli-lutiuns.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

and paid as soon after the twenty-fourth day of June, in every year, as the same shall be demanded.

II. And be it enacted, That the said duties on male servants, Audi not extend to any servants who shall be really retained or employed for the purposes of lnish.uidry or manufacture, or of any trade or calling, by which the mailer or mistress of such servant shall cam a livelihood or profit.

HI. Provided, and be it enacted, That the duty payable for every coachman, groom, or postillion, let out to hire by way of job, shall he paid by the mailer, or mistress, in whose service Inch coachman, groom, or poftiilion shall be employed respectively; and the duty payable for any gardener, retained or employed by any person who shall contrail for the keeping of any garden, Iliad be paid by the person for whole use and in whose garden Inch gardener shall be employed.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to exempt any person from the payment of any duty imposed in respect of any servant retained or employed in any capacity, in respect of which duty is payable for such servant.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the duties payable for male servants, shall not be charged in respect of any butler, cook, gardener, or porter of the imivcrfiry, or to the servants of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom for the time being: Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any of the duties on male servants, any servants of and employed by the governors of the Royal Hospiul near Kihrumham, or by the governors of the 131ue-Co:W-Hospi-tal, or Lying-in-IIo!pital, or any hospital or charitable inlli-lution.

Officers of cavalry, utt-cicr the rank of t’ckl olii-cns.mttobc dialed; w:r 6th ;r officer? for j'cT-vants wl o arc fokiicis; nnr navy officers, under commanders, for lary.uus on books.

VI. And licit enacted, That the find duty shall not he charged on any officer serving in any regiment of horse or dragoons, under the rank or not receiving the pay of a field officer, provided he retains no more then one servant; nor any officer serving in any regiment of artillery, infantry, or marines, or corps ol engineers, for any servant, who is actually a soldier in the regiment or company to which such officer shall belong, or any officer in his Majesty's navy, under the rank of a nufter and commander in actual employment, for any servant who is borne upon the books of the ship to which such officer shall belong.

VII. And be it enacted, That in all eales where any officer on half-pay, from his Majesty's navy, army, or marines, who hath

been

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 9C7

been disabled by a wound received in his Majesty's service, shall A.D. he charged fur the duty oil male servants, for one male servant only, 171 it shall and may he lawful for the chief commissioners of his M.t- ^i:lP, + 5‘ jessy’s revenue of cacife, on an appeal made to them by such of- ‘c.i>r iicer, and proof on t-.ttli made, that hois ail officer on half-pay, and disabled as aforesaid, to the sali.sfii&ion of the find commissi- r.b!.ii ciii.-.i., oners, to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge frojVjuii'uir against Inch officer.

Vlit. And for the better collecting of the duties on male far- i.hUcr vants, be it enacted, That every person who from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fevc.u hundred and nine- eJit-artu-tv-eight, hath retained or employed any male llrvant or servants, "iwo within in respect of whom such person is charged with duty payable to liter

his Majesty, his heirs and fiiccelfors, thai! upon demand, within ten days after notice, served by the hearth-money collector of the parish, in wh'nh he or !b.c rclhle;, deliver to such eolle£lor of liearch-money, a true lill or account in writing under his or her hand, of every male servant employed by him or her in this kingdom, at any lime after the tv,-cnty-liith day of March, 011c tliou-sand leven hundred and ninety-eight, such lift to doferibe the name nhst Roll tie

J c >trained in

and furnanie of every such servant, and the capacity in which every |ul._ fitch servant is employed, and the name of the refidcucc or place of abode of such person at the time of giving such iilt, and of the parish, barony, and county in which the fame is, and where every such servant is retained or employed; and every person who shall retain or cm- 11,1, to he ploy any male servant or servants, in respect: of whom he or she shall be subject to duty, shall, yearly on demand, or within ten days after notice served, by the hearth-money collector of the parish in which he or [lie relides, after every subsequent twenty-fifth day of March, deliver to such collector of hearth-money, a like lift; or account of every male servant then retained or employed by him or her, and from time to time, as often as any person Hull retain, or employ any greater number of male servants than the servant or servants described, in any such lilt, then such person when uMiti-shall, within fourteen days after he or flic shall retain or employ arecmnlovcd any additional male servant or servants, in like manner deliver, or cause to be delivered to the collector of hearth-money, or in his iviuiin 14 absence to the collector of the revenue in the district where such person shall re fide, a like Hit or account of the additional male servant or servants, who shall have been ft) retained or employed; and if any person retaining or employing any male servant or fer- 10l. pciaity vants, shall neglect to deliver such lift, as aforesaid, at any time 11 M 2 when

96 8

A.D. 1793.

Chap.45.

20l. penalty - for employing n greater number thin expressed in Ms, and double duty.

Lids of hearths to he delivered to* coiieiHors, within ftn lays after notice.

what shall be defcnbctl hi such Cits.

lifir to be de-Jhert-d year-Iv

New lids to be delivered within 14 a.ivs after additional ^earths arc opened.

71 c ihirlj-iigh'.h Year of, George III.

when he or file is by this adi required to deliver the (lime, or shall keep, retain, or employ at any time a greater number of servants in any capacity, in respect of which a duty is or shall he payable, than the number exprefietl in fuel) lifts, every such person so 11c-gledingto deliver inch lifts, shall forfeit the Ann of ten pounds; and every person retaining or employing a greater number of servants, than the number expressed in any list which shall have been delivered, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and shall be chargeable with, and double the duty in respect: of the fcrvaiit or servants kept or employed by him or her, of whom no such lift or account shall have been delivered, as aforesaid.

IX. And for the better collecting of the duties on fire-hearths: be it enacted, that every owner, or occupier of any dwelling-house, and ont-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be two or more fire-hearths, or places used for firing or stoves, shall, upon demand, or within ten days after notice served by the hearth-money colloftor of the parish, in which he or she resides, deliver to such collector of hearth-money, a true lift or account in writing, under Ilia or her hand of every fire-hearth, or place used for firing and stove in every dwelling-house, and ont-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, or used by him or her for any purpose, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninetj'-eight, such lift to describe the name and ftirnaine of such owner or occupier, the name of his or her residence, or place of abode, and of the place, parish, barony, and county, in which the house, and out-houses thereunto belonging, chargeable with duty is situate, and the description of the places in such house, and otit-liotise, and edifice, in which every such lire-liearth, or place used for firing or stove is, and every person who shall he owner or occupier of any such house, and ont-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, shall yearly on demand, or within ten days after notice served by the collector of hearth-money, of the parish in which he or /lie resides, after every subsequent twenty-fifth day of March, deliver to such collector of hearth-money a like lift, or account of every fire-hearth, or place used for firing and stove in such house, cut-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, and then used by him or her for any purpose, and from time to time, as often as any greater number of fire-hearths, or places for firing or stoves, shall be made or opened in any such house, out-house, or edifice, than the number of five-hearths, or places for firing, or stoves, in any list which shall hare been so delivered by such person, then such person shall within fourteen days after such additional

(jCg

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

jJilition.il fire-hearth, or place for firing, or stove, shall be made or A. ]y_

opened, in like manner deliver to the collector of hearth-money, i ppg,

or in his absence to the collector of the revenue in the district Chap, .'j.

where such person shall reside, a like lift, or account of the addi-

iion.fi five-hearths, or fire-hearth, or other place or places used for

firing or stove or stoves, and if any person owning or occupying i0l. ptmi;v

any fitch house, out-house, or edifice thereunto appertaining, shall ,*o j".;®.1'*" '®

neglect to deliver such lift as aforesaid, at any time, when he or fucl‘ hit,;

flic is by this act required to deliver the fame, or if at any time a

greater number of hearths, firing-places, or stoves, shall be In any

Inch house, out-hmifc, or edifice, than tile number expressed in

such lift, or of which no such lift or account as aforesaid shall have been given, every such person so neglecting to deliver such lift,

shall forfeit the film of ten pounds; and every person in whole sol. penalty

house, or any out-house, or houses, or edifices thereunto apper-

I’tuv, fur

taming, a greater number of fire-hearths, or places used for firing, nr stoves shall he found, thin the number expressed in any list an: cxmAcJ thereof, which shall have been delivered, or in whose house, or any out-house or houses, or edifice thereto appertaining, any fire-hearth, or place for firing or stove, not expressed in such lift, shall be found, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and shall be chargeable with, and pay double the duty, which lie or (he ought to be charged with, in respect of the actual number of fire-hearths, or places used for firing and stoves in such house, out-house, or out-houses, or edifice thereto appertaining.

X. And for the better collecting of the duties on coaches, cha- pctfon)

riots, bcrlins, calashes, and chaifcs; be it enacted, That every per- ipJ torches.

son, who, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou- i;, cafifhes,

fund seven hundred and ninety-eight, had or kept, any coach, cha- "th'^w'hccls

riot, berlin, cnlafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two r chaifcs

_with a wheel)

wheels, chargeable with duty to his ?»hjesty, ms heirs and luccci- r.rce2y fors, shall, upon demand, or within ten days, after notice served l^XddiVc?’ by the collector of hearth-money, of the liarish in which he or flic accounts m

> J UTihngt

shall reside, deliver to such collector of hearth-money, a true lilt, will.in ten

or account ir. writing, under his or her hand, of every such car-

nave with four wheels, and carriage with two wheels, which he or heanh mo-... ° r,cy collcc-

(lie had or kept after the said twenty-fifth day of March, 011c thou- for, f,md seven hundred and ninety-eight, such lift to describe the name, mhat shall he and surname of such person, the name of his or her rcfidcncc, or described ip place of abode, and of the parish, barony, ami county, in which the fame is, and the kind. of carriage, and every person who shall have or keep any such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or cliallc with Vol. XV11J. If N four

970

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. four-wheels, or chaise with two wheels, shall yearly on demand, nr 179' 8. within ten days, after notice served by the collector of hearth-mo-Chap. 45. ney of the parish, in which he or file resides, after the twenty-fifth dav of March, in every year, or within fourteen days after

accounts to J ' '

bo lurnished he or she shall keep, or have any fuel) carriages as aforesaid, in

ycnily. j,jg or gcr possession, deliver to such collector of hearth-money, a

like lift or account of every coach, chariot, herlin, calafli, or chaise

with four wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which such per-

ioI. penalty son shall keep or have; and if any person keeping or having any

forneguaing coacj, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or to give m ’

fnchaccounis; chaise with two wheels, in his or her possession, shall nc-gled to deliver such lift, or account as aforesaid, at any time when he or (hensby this act required to deliver the fame, or shall keep, or have ,a greater number of such carriages, as aforesaid, than the-number expressed in any such lift or account, every person so neglecting to deliver such lift, shall forfeit the film of ten pounds; and every for beeping person having or keeping a greater number of such carriages, than iTages^linn (he number expressed in any’lift or account which shall have been ore in ac- f0 delivered, shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty double’duty. pounds, and shall be chargeable with, and pay double the duty of the carnage or carriages kept by him or her, of which no such lift or account shall have been delivered, ae aforesaid.

i moiety of

XI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any person shall ull!ccis.Uly 0 under the provisions of this act, be chargeable with double duty, the officer or officers by -whose means such person shall become so chargeable, dial) be entitled to a moiety of the added penal duty.

CclvticFs 'XII. And'heit enacted, That every collector of :hearth-moticy totranimit to whom any such lift, as aforesaid, shall he given, shall within

to c.xamma- J

tore* hearth ten clays after thcrcceipt of such lift, transmit the same to the exa-eiurri-d 'ai-b' niiiuitor of hearth-money in Dublin, who shall kecpiuch lifts, and phabeticady. enter ani] register the fame alphabetically in books to be kept by

OlHc°rftto give tj-tiii-Otfs .; < i-

fons fi, m whom 11 t y receive iii s;

what fiul! be exps flee, in certificate* j

cetrficate shall beevi. deuce

him for that purpose.

X!lj. And be it enacted, That the person to whom any such lift i-e delivered, shall on demand, within fee or reward, give a certificate under his hand to every person -who shall have delivered any such lift, that such a.lift hath been delivered-; and shall in such certificates respectively, express the name or -names of the servant or servants, named in such lift, the capacities in which they shall he deleribed therein to be employed, and the hearths or firing places ami number of carriages; and such certificates shall be evidence that such lift was delivered to the person signing such ce’--

tiiicate

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 971

tificate; and if any person required to give such certificate, shall A.D.

demand or receive any fee or reward for granting the fame, lie

shall be incapable of lidding any office or employment under the Chap. 4;.

Cl'OWfl. oiucors who

XIV. Provided always, That in case any mailer or mistress rc-taining, or employing any such male servant or servants, as afore- lor c'-'ri:r’'

' , cales rert-

said, or person luving or owning any house, subject: to duty on ck^dmea-fire-hearths, or keeping any inch carriages, ns aforesaid, shall be lllar_ absent from this kingdom, then a lid of the male servant or fer- wrs or mif-

0 r IrcITei, Or

vants retained or employed by such person, and a lid of the tire- owners of hearths in any house belonging to him or her, and of fncli car- J°rurtg°[ ,t{ riaees, as aforesaid, kept by him or her, made out and subscribed f"10,1 lhc

1 1 J Kingdom,

by the agent, steward, honfe-keeper, or principal servant of the liiu'mny bs

person so absent, and delivered, as aforesaid, fluid be of the fame principal fer-

efleft as if such lids were made out, subscribed, and delivered by V3ml-

such mader, or millrefs, or by the person owning and occupying

inch house, or keeping any fuili carriage or carriages.

XV. And be it enacted, That every person who shall deliver, or Each M

cause to be delivered any such lift, as aforesaid, who shall retain or contain the

employ any male servant or servants, in more than one place with-

in this kingdom, shall in such \ lift set forth the whole number of inch perm ° in this king*

servants retained by such person, within this kingdom, in order a0ra, dif-that he or flie may be charged with the rate chargeable on the greatest number retained in the whole, and distinguish the places, with the parish and barony in which each such servant is retained or employed; and such person shall at the time when he or flie Declaration shall give in the said lift, make a declaration signed by him, or her, °,f of the parish in which he or flie shall mean to pay for such servants, and such lift having been so given in, and on proof of payment of the duty in respect of such servants, in such parish, by production of the receipt signed by the collector to whom the payment shall have been made, or by other reasonable proof thereof, to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of escife, such person shall he freed from the payment of the said duty in any other parish.

XVI. And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in discover- Hoi/e-holing lodgers or inmates in houses, liable to pay the duties in respect f0CjgC*J°tf'Cp of male servants.: be it therefore enacted, That the inhabitant

Me to duty»

house-holder of every house, in which there shall be any lodger or Mjjive in inmate, keeping any servant or servants liable to the said duties,

(lull deliver to such collector of hearth-money, as aforesaid, a true hft ami account in writing, expressing the name and ftirname of

1: N j every

Duty on servants to be collated by collectors of hearth-money, and in like manner.

Duty on servants to he paid on demand, or levied by distress.

Magistrates and peace officers to alfill collectors.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

every such logger or inmate, and of every fuclt servant cr servant:, to the heft of the knowledge or information of such inhabitant householder; and if any inhabitant householder shall not deliver any such lift, as last hereinbefore mentioned, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any description which ought to be contained therein, he or (lie, so offending, shall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said duties on male servants shall be levied, collected, and received, by the persons authorized, for the time being, to collect his Majesty's revenue on fire-hearths, in the same manner as the said revenue on fire-hearths is, or shall be levied, collected and paid, and fuel) collectors of the said revenue on (ire-hearths, are hereby authorized and empowered to ievy, collect, and receive the said duties, in respect of male servants accordingly; and such collectors shall sign and give acquittances, without fee or reward, on receipt of such duties, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a hook, to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances and duplicates for the duty on fire-hearths are given and kept, and shall return the book containing such duplicates to such person at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner as books containing duplicates of acquittances for the duty on (ire-hearths arc returned.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every person retaining or employing any male servant or servants, in respect of whom he cr (he shall be chargeable with duty, shall on demand cf any coi-lector of the duty on fire-hearths, pay to such collector, all duty then tine and in arrear, and in case of refusal or default of payment thereof, after such demand, such collector may at any time in the day-time, with the alii (lance of a magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, and in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such assistance, make entry into the house or other place of the person owing such duty, and levy the same, and all arrears thereof, either by distress and lale of any goods of the person chargeable with such duty and arrears, wheresoever the same shall be found, restoring to the party the overplus of such tnqney as such goods shall be sold for, over and above the duty and arrears thereof then due, and over and above the necessary charges of taking such distress.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all chief magistrates, (herifis, and justices of the peace, and other his Majesty's peace officers

1 within

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 973

within their several and respective jtirildidlions, are hereby autlio- A.D. rized and required to give assistance from time to time, to the feve- 179^-ral collectors of the said duties, in cclledting the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any person subject to any duty =ai r.ihy to his Majesty, in respect of any servant or servants, retained or ;,g day' employed by him or her, shall not within one month after notice

in writing, in the name of the officer authorized to collect fitch tlcc.icived

i> h.-rein.

duties, being given to such person, or leit at the usual place ot provided the abode of such person, with his wife, or with his or her child or

servant, above the age of sixteen years, requiring him or her to da>s pay such duty, pay the same to such officer; every such person, for every such neglect, shall forfeit twenty pounds: provided that at least seven days before the time such notice shall have been so given or left, such officer shall have demanded such duties front the person subject to pay the same, or from his wife, or his or her child or servant, above the age of sixteen years, at the place of abode of the person subject to pay the same.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for D.’t^cs may any person on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in any

year, to pay to the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the dif- jj* tridl of excise, in which he or flie shall reftde, all duties on male 24 Jure, servants, fire-hearths and carriages, granted to his Majesty within jt'di be

such year, to which he or she shall be subject, and upon proof made to the collector of hearth-money, of payment of such duties, by production of the receipt signed by the collector to whom the payment shall have been made, or other sufficient proof, such duties shall not be levied by the collector of hearth-money.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every person who hath paid PerCm: into his Majesty's treasury as a voluntary contribution, a sum of

one hundred pounds or upwards, shall be exempted from the pay- '""1'^" ment of all duties on male-servants, fire-hearths, and carriages, comnbuiion, granted to his Majesty, between the twenty-fifth day of March, cmptvJ from one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety- Maieli, 1791;. nine.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall, and may be sued for, rcco-vered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such m and 15 ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are al,y 0uivre. preferred, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise, or new imprjl, upon his Majtflj,

VOL. XVIII. 11 O his

Vl’iiu: b.v.

974 The thirty-eighth. Year of George III.

A.D.

his heirs andfttccessors, according to the book oj rates therein in/erted, 1798. or by any other law or laws, relative to his Majesty's reve-Chajv47,

nue of exqfe, as fully and effectually, rto all intents, constructions,

and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, and exprested, and enacted. in this act, ..with like remedy of appeal, as in

and by the said act of excise, or . any other law or laws relative to

his Majesty's revenue of excise is,provicled.

In force,

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be until 24 June ' ’ y

1799, and of force, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven fdiion.nCXt hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end ;of the then , next session of parliament, and nq longer, in Mowing*

XXV. And be it enacted, That- the lifts or accounts required form. , by this act, to be delivered, flrall ,be. similar so the form follow-

iing:

A JLIST or ACCOUNT of the male-servants, employed by A.B. of . in the parifit of "Barony

of and County of and of Tire-hearths, in and

belonging to his hojufe at and of the carriages

and chaises with four wljeels, and two wheels, kept by him at

; M- A L.E SER- V.AJsI T.S.

'Maitre D’, Hotel, Footman,

7 House. Steward, Running Footman,

Mailer of Horse, Coachman,

Groom of the Chambers, - Groom,

Valet de Chambre, .; Postillion,

: Butler, , Gardener,

c.UnderrButler, Park-Keeper,

Clerk of the Kitchen, ..Game-Keeper,

Confectioner, Huntfmap,

Cook, Whipper in.

;House-Porter,

C..-AR R I A G E.S.

Coach, A

Chariot.

Berlin, J With Four WheCfe,

Calash,

Chaise,

Chaise With Two Wheels.

3 T 1-R E-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

FIRE-HEARTHS.

On the kitchen floor,

One kitchen grate, fire place, Stew-hole,

Iiot-hearth,

Hearths in other rooms, on the said floor.

On the first story, Hearths,

On the second, Hearths,

On the third, Hearths,

On the fourth, Hearths,

On the fifth, Hearths,

In out-house. Hearths,

In hot-house, or green-house. Hearths.

CHAP. XL VI.

An Act for the Government of the Militia of Great Britain, serving in this Kingdom, during their Continuance therein.

WHEREAS on the breaking out of the unnatural and wick- br°t?pf"011t

ed rebellion now existing in this kingdom, from an ardent of the rebet-

zeal for the interests of his Majesty, and their country, and from raiments

an affeftionatc concern for their loyal fellow-subjects of this kingdom, the officers, non-commissioned officers and privates, therfemcc«

of divers of his Majesty's regiments of British Militia, made a prciiiun; and

voluntary offer to his Majesty of their services to be employed

in this kingdom, for the suppression of the said unnatural rebellion, |or,

_ . mat purpafe:

and thereupon an act of parliament was passed m Great Britain,

to empower his Majesty for a time, and to an extent thereby

limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces of Great Britain, as may voluntarily oiler themselves to be employed

in Ireland: And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased

to order a considerable body of the said British militia, who have are to be

offered their services, in aid of their loyal fellow subjects of Ireland, [tn^aom.and

to be landed in this kingdom, and it is necessary to provide for their

null be made

good government, and for the preservation of the rank of their ofli- for their queers during their continuing in this kingdom: be it enacted by the '1K King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice anil con-11 0 a sent

9)6 ffl}e thirty-eighth Year of1 George III.

A.D.

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

L. lieutenant’.That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or

ndim^mider ot*ler chief,governor or governors of this Kingdom, to command,

command of or to put. any of- the militia forces of Great Britain, who shall land

cers during in this kingdom, pursuant to the said act of the British parliament,

--.under the command.of such general officers, as he or they shall be

and tUey ilmll nleased to appoint, and during their continuance in this kingdom, be lubjclt to 1 11 I rr-

ihcprovision the ofhcers, non-copuntffioned officers, and privates of the ieve-^ihc mutiny ra| regiments of the said British militia, shall be subject to all the provisions contained in an act of parliament passed in the present session of parliament in this kingdom, entitled. An act for pumping. mutiny and defer lion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters, within this kingdom.

Regular .11. Provided always, and be it enacted,' That no officer serving ficCTsoHre- in his Majesty's regular forces, or in his Majesty's militia of Ireland, mi not |an(i shall fit in any court-martial for the trial of any officer, or

fit in courts* ... '

martial on soldier serving in the British militia, nor . shall any officer of the

daTnoTntaH British militia lit in any court-martial upon the trial cf any officer,

BAbhmili or f°^lcrIrving in his Majesty's regular forces, or militia of ire-

tia Tit in i land.

tial on re-f HI- And be it further enacted, That the officers of the said Bri-Sl'?"' "r; tifli militia, whilst.serving in Ireland, shall'raftk with the officers

niiluta o: 1

Ireland. . of his Majesty's regular forces, as they would have ranked with officers of officers of his Majesty's regular,forces, had they remained in Great Britain, and shall rank with the officers of his Majesty's , militia of Ireland, according to the dates of their respective coin-millions, of the fame rank.

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for the further Amendment of the ABs relating to the PoJl-OJfce, and for further facilitating Profecuiions under the said Acts.

By 23 and a+ Geo. 3.no letter was to be opened* See. after being put into poll office, except as herein excepted;

WHEPvEAS by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, do ail for establishing a post-ojfice within this kingdom, it is enacted, That from and after the passing of the said act, no person or persons within this kingdom, shall wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, embezzle, , or destroy, or cause, -procure or permit, or fuller

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 977

fer to be opened, embezzled or destroyed, any letter or packet after A.D. the fame (halt be delivered into the general or other post office, or *79®-into the hands of any person or persons employed for the receiving or carrying post-letters, and before delivery to the persons to v.hoin directed, or for their use, except by an express warrant in writing, under the hand and seal of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or except in such cases where the party or parties to whom fuel', letter or packet lltall be directed, or who is or are thereby chargeable with the payment of the portage thereof, shall rcful'e or neglect to pay the same, and except such letters or packets as shall be returned for want of true directions; and where the party to whom the fame is, orate directed, cannot be found; and that every person offending pyrrmucc-.-herein, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be deem- ‘jJ.,.

ed guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy; be it emitted by ot

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons, after the passing of this act, shall after psfli«.

rt. n'rt* t c this act. |'Cr*

be aiding or amfting or aflimng in, or to the committing ot, any fons of the offences in the said part of the said recited act contained, every such person so aiding or assisting in, or to the committing of any of the said offences, being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall he deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

II. And be it enacted, That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter- rerton, carrier, port-boy or rider, officer or other person employed, or to be hereafter employed, in any business relating to tile port-office, or if any other person or persons whatsoever, not employed in oEice, who any business relating to the pod-office, shall rob (or wilfully flop Sci!,0^ im. or detain, with intent to rob, search or impede the progress there- of) any mail or mails, bag, or bags in which letters are sent or mail or big conveyed by the port, or shall deal, or feloniously take from or 0Vwho Si ’ out of any such mail, or from or out of any bag or bags of letters sent or conveyed by the port, or from any post-boy. post-rider, or who ia!tu

1 , 1 1- r 1 lllcl'out al

letter-earner, employed, or to be employed in any bimncis relating «iy poit-of.

to the port-office, or from or out of any port-office, or house, or

place for the receipt or delivery of letters and packets, sent or to ,i:l"le and

_, , perl'iMinanv

be lent by the port; or Iroin or out of any coach, cart, or other manner at

cunvevance, by which letters are sent or shall be sent by tile port,

any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, al- h'1!"'-

ac. rirnuvnp -

though such robber)’, Healing, or taking, shall not appear or le y, ii,a.i Uct Vot. XVIII. H P proved

9^8 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

proved to be a taking from the person or upon the King’s highway,

17i/‘k or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling-house, or any coach-house, stab|e, barn, or any out-house belonging to a dwcliing-house, and although it should not appear or l)e proved that any person or persons were put in fear by such robbery, dealing, nr taking, or if any person or persons shall be aiding or alii (ling ia . the committing of any of the said offences; or if any person !ha!) receive any such mail, or bag of letters, or any letter, or packer, or any other article, matter, or thing therein contained, or which shall have been feloniously taken out therefrom, or which shall have been other.wife feloniously taken as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been stolen, or feloniously taken as aforesaid; every

If any petson, cmjloy-cd or not employed in the poll office, shall secrete, cmlic7.7.1c or

dertroy any letter, packet, Sec. containing securiiics, orders, powers, &c. Sec. for receiving money, ns herein described, or shall permit any other to do so; or shall receive any such orders, lecurt* ties, powers, See. See- or any part there af, knowingly, such person shall suffer death.

such offender being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall fuller death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

III. And be it enacted, That if any officer or other person whatsoever, in any wise adding under or by virtue of this act, or under or by virtue of any oilier add, passed or to be passed in this kingdom, relative to the post office, or any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, pod-boy, or rider, or any other officer or person employed, or to be hereafter employed in receiving, damping, foiling, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering letters, or packets, or in any other bufmcfs relating to the post-oflice, shall wilfully secrete, embezzle or destroy, or shall wilfully permit or differ any other person or persons wilfully to secrete, embezzle, or destroy; or if 3tiy other person or persons shall with or without thecon-sent of any such clerk, deputy, agent, letter-carrier, pod-boy, or rider, or other officer, or person whatsoev.er, employed as aforesaid, wilfully secrete, embezzle, or destroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, which shall have been sent by the post, or with which any such deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, pod-hoy, or rider, or other officer, or person to be employed as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively entrusted, or which shall have come to his, her, or their hands or possession, which shall contain any bank-note, bank-pod-kill, bill of exchange, trea-ftiry or exchequer hill, debenture or acquittance, South-Sea, East India, or city of Dublin, born), dividend-warrant of the bank of Ireland or England; South-lea, Ead-India, or other company, so-

ciety, or corporation, navy, or vi&tialling or tranl'port bill, ordnance-debenture, seamens’ ticket; Irish or Britishi date lottery-ticket, or share of any such ticket, bank, treasury, or other receipt, for payment of any publick loan, note of assignment of flo.-k,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

979

the Irish or British funds; letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for selling stock in the funds of Ireland or Great Britain, or belonging to any company, society or corporation; goldiinith, or banker’s letter of credit, or note for or relating to the payment of money; or bond or warrant of attorney, draft, bill, or promissory note, or other security or l'ecuritics, or paper, voucher or tiling whatsoever, for the payment of money, or whereby or whereon any sum of money may be had, gotten, received or recovered, or which shall contain any part of the said several vouchers, securities, papers, matters or things herein before mentioned, or of any of them, or shall flea! or feloniously take out of any letter or packet that shall come to his, her, or their hands or possession, or which shall have been sent by the pod, any of the vouchers, securities, papers, matters, or things herein before mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or any other security or securities, or matter or paper, or tiling whatsoever, or any part of them, or of any of them, for the payment of money, whereby, or whereon any sum of money may be had, gotten, received or recovered, or shall ftcal or feloniously take out of any letter or packet that shall come to his, her, or their hands or possession, or which shall have been sent by the port, any part of any of the vouchers, securities, papers, matters or things herein before mentioned, or any part of any other security or securities paper, matter or thing whatsoever for the payment of money* whether money can be had, gotten, received, or recovered thereby or thereon or not, or if any person or persons, shall be aiding or assisting in the committing of any of the said offences, or if any person or persons shall receive any such letter or letters, packet or packets, hag, or mail of letters, so as aforesaid secreted or embezzled, or any of the vouchers, securities, papers, matters, or things herein before mentioned, contained in such letter or letters, packet or packets, hag, or mail of letters, or any part of them, or of any of them, knowing the same to have been wilfully feercted or embezzled as aforesaid, or if any person or persons shall receive any of the vouchers, securities, or papers, or any part of them, or any matter, article, article, or thing, which shall have been feloniously taken out of any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, knowing the same to have been stolen, or feloniously taken as aforesaid, every such offender or offenders, being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

IV. And be it enacted, That every person lb receiving any Inch letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, so wil-11 P 2 fully

A.D. 1798. Chap. 47,

( <)8o The thirty-eighth. Year of George III.

A.D.

fully, and feloniously iccreted or embezzled as aforesaid, or ray 1798.; matter, article, or thing therein contained, or which ft,all have Chap. 47. heen feloniously taken therefrom or thereout, knowing the fame l'crfons to have been.secreted or embezzled or stolen, or icloniotiflv taken M kucn as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to Ire a principal felon, and . packets, f<c. shall be. triable for such olTence, and being convicted thereof in due contained S. course of law, shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy, bcTccmS'1- although the person or persons who shall have actually feoreted or P^c . cmhezzled such letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of cordtngly. a letters, or who shall have fel.oniously taken any of the articles,

matters, or things aforesaid therefrom or thereout, shall not have been previously convicted, tried or apprehended.

V. And be it declared and enacted, That on every trial to be hereafter had for,any offence against this act, or the said receited act, of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign,

Or. trials for offences agairft this ail, or the

fhc *7or 35 or against an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's witfnotbj reign, entitled, An. ail to explain and amend an aB puffed in tie ncccdary u> twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty s reign,

persons by ' entitled, An act for cfabtiffing a. pofl-rffee within this kingdom, or bills, vouch-

whom non;?, againg. an niry pag'ej ;n the :thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign.

ers, or any entitled, An act to further explain and emend an aB passed in the other matter.

whenby mo- twenty-third anti twaity-jeurlh years oj Ins present MajiJIy s reign y payable! have entitled. An act for tfablishing a post-offce within this kingdom, been ligacd. and to explain and amend an aB passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an aB passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years if his present Majesty s reign, entitled, An act for establishing a post office within this kingdom, where evidence of any bank-note, bank-post-bill, promissory note, bill of exchange, or any other of the vouchers or l'ecurities herein before mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or any other security or securities, matte-r, paper, or thing whatsocve.r, or any part of them, or ol any of them, for the payment of money, or whereby, or whereon any sum of money may be had, gotten, received, or recovered, shall be necessary; it shall not be necessary to produce (he person or persons by whom such bank-note, bank-post-bill, promiil'ory-note, bill of exchange, or other voucher, security, paper, matter, or thing shall have been -wli.it shall be signed, but it shall be futucient to give such other legal evidence of Amcc 11 d'e making and execution of such bank-note, bank-post-bill, promisl'ory-note, bill of exchange, or ether voucher, security, paper, matter or thing, as the nature of til" case will admit of, either by the limilitude of the hand-writing of the person or persons sub-

feribing

The thirty eighth Year of George III.

feinting such bank-note, bink-post-hi!, promilieiy-note, bill of exchange, or other voucher, feemity, j'aper, manor or thing, or by furl) other means ?.s llmukl he !. evidence in civil actions, for the tru-r., proving of the making and execution of fucll banknote, hank-poll-hill, urrmi.iory-ncv.e, hill of exchange, or other vuuJicr, security, paper, tuatter or tiring whatib.vcr.

CHAP. XLVill.

An /.cl for preventing tie D.fsrtion if Seamen font Ships railing Lelvseen this Kingdom and fiis Majifly s Colonies and Plantations in the Jl Hr Indies.

I HPRF.AS seamen and mariners after entering into articles sr.«;. r-e-to serve oil board merchant lliips during their voyages docri

4 Jo jrom im-

from Ireland to his Majesty's colonics and plantations in the Well clia-.i-ftiip-, Indies, and thence to Ireland, do frequently deleft item Inch ships jrrinl ituhe on their arrival at or in fitch colonics and plamatinns, on account ',dl of the exorbitant wages given by mailers and commanders of other merchant lliips by the run or gross, to seamen and mariners, when in such colonies or plantations, to induce them to enter on board their ships: Andwlicreas such seamen and mariners upon entering fuc|,fcamfn into articles for such voyages from Ireland, usually receive large uMpc-sums of money in advance, for the p.urpofo of their out-fit, and advance: monthly allowances are frujiicntly paid to their families towards their support and maintenance during the abftnce of such seamen and mariners: And whereas such desertions have been the means fuf. of depriving many merchant lliips of a fufiktent number of seamen and mariners to navigate then) back to Ireland, and thereby occasioned gr.at hdlbs to v lie merchants'trading to the said colonies and plantations: For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s ntoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempo’, al, and commons in this present parlia- meift assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and from i ju|v, after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety- J"cl1 eight, all and every seaman, mariner, and other person who shall over and desert at any time during the voyage, either out or home, from penalties, any merchant-ship trading between the said colonics or plantations, b^VrJdVtom and Ireland, shall over anil above any punishments, penalties, and recovering forfeitures, to which lie may now by law be subject, be debarred voyages after and precluded from bringing or maintaining any action in this dcfciu°n' Vol. XVIII. 11 Q__ kingdom,

982 The thirtj-eigbib Year of George III.

A.D.

kingdom, for recovery of the wages, or any part thereof, whiJi 1798. he may have agreed for, with, or he entitled to, during the voya;:, from the master or owner of the fltip, Oil board of which he shall enter immediately after fitch desertion.

Any mailer

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every mailer or com-ibe WMUn- iTiailclcr of any merchant ship hound from any of the said colonic; die's, wli.i or plantations to Ireland, who shall from and after the said fu ll day

hires n defer- ‘

ter knowing- of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, hire, or

fsit icol.for engage to serve on board his fltip or vessel, any l’eaman, mariner,

or other person, who shall to the knowledge of such m tiler, have

dtfertctl from any ether lliip or veflei, shall forfeit and pay the iiim

of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as

herein after diridled.

No more 111 And be it further enacted, That no mailer or commander

wa"ft°o be any merchant-ship or veflei, which shall from and after the salt!

given to Sea- first day of Inly one thoiil'and seven hundred and iiinelv-eighr, men hired in 1 J 1 0

ilic w. in- fail, or proceed from any port or place in Ireland, shall hire or voyaigeTiack engage, or cause or procure to he hired or engaged, any fen man, mariner, or other person, at any port or place within his Majesty's ikin'-tidliy colonics or plantations in the West Indies, to serve on hoard any ciiict raagi°-r’ such merchant-flip or veflei on her voyage back to Ireland, at or trate, cistec- yor n-j’enter or more wages or hire for such service, than according

for, or comp. c> o

trailer of the to the rate of double monthly wages contrafted for with the sea-I>0'1’ men, mariners, and other persons Itired or engaged to serve on board such ship or veil'd at the time of her thenlall departure from*’: Ireland, being in the fame dtgree and station in which such Teaman, mariner, or other person, shall he so hired or engaged at any such port or place as aforesaid, unless the governor, chief magistrate, collector or comptroller of such port or place in the said colonies or plantations shall think that greater or more wages or hue than double the monthly wages aforesaid, Humid or ought to be given to such fcaman, mariner, or other person as aforesaid, and do, and shall accordingly authorize and direct the same to be given,

by writing, under his hand, that then, and in such case, the mailer . or commander of such ship or veflei, shall and may be at liberty to pay, and the seaman, mariner, or other person on board such ship or veflei, to receive such greater or higher wages, as such governor, chief magistrate, collector, or comptroller, shall direct, as conuaSs con. aforesaid, and that ail contrails, 'bonds, bills, notes, and other fe-ift^ttaHbe cur't'es) promises, and undertakings, which shall be made, enter-votd; ed into, or given, contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes; and that the

matter

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

mailer or commander of any such merchant-'!.ip or vefiil, or other person or persons whomsoever, who ibali make, cuter into, or give, or cause, or procure to be made, entered into, or given any such contrail, bond, bill, note, or other ll-curity, promise, or undertaking, or who shall hire or engage, or cause or procure to be hired or engaged any teaman, mariner, or other person, to enter on board any tl.iip or vessel, contrary to the intent and meaning of tills all, or \\4u> shall pay, or cause or procure to he paid or given, any greater or more hire or wages, or other gratuity or advantage whatsoever, to or lor any fcaman, mariner, or other person so hired or engaged at any such port or place within his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies ns aforesaid, than is allowed or directed by this act, shall lor every such offence forfeit and pay the fmn of cue hundred pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every mailer and mailers of such lliip or ships, shall within ten days after their arrival out at any port or ports in the said colonies or plantations, and also within ten days after their arrival home at any port or ports in Ireland, deliver upon oath, to be made before the collector or comptroller of such port or ports rc-fpcdtively, (who is hereby authorised to administer the same) a true and exalt lift and description of all and every the crew on board fitch lliip or ships at the time of their clearing out from any port or ports in Ireland, and all'o of the crew on board the fame at the time of their arrival in any port or ports in the said colonies or plantations, and all’o a true and exalt lift or description of all-and every seaman, mariner, or other person who has or have deferred from such ship or ships, or who has or have died during the voyage; and also a true account of the wages due to each seaman, mariner, or other person so dying, at the time of his death; and all and every mailer and mailers omitting, neglecting, or refusing so to do, shall for every Inch offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for which said lift and account so delivered, fitch colleAor or comptroller at such port in this kingdom, shall be entitled to demand and receive from the person so delivering the fame, the fee of two shillings and six pence, and no more, and it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every mailer and mailers of any ship or ships, or other person or persons, to inspell such lift and lifts from time to time, as he or they may think proper, for which inspection the said crllcflor or comptroller fl ail be entitled to demand and receive from the persons making the same, the sum of one Ihiliing, and no more.

9S3 A.D. 1708. Chap. -)8.

in- flers calc r-uuo

agreements contt.uy to iSK aft. full forfeit 100l.

f ills to lie c’elivtTcd on 0. th by mallets will, in todays after their jnivjl out or home;

50J. penalty for neglecting to deliver lifts 1

is. 6d. fee to eoHcftor or comptroller;

lifts may be inspected on payment of

J I Q^2

9U

A.D.

I79F.

Seamen not

to teccive or recover more wages than are hereby allowed, nor any advantage whaifo-ever.

Wages of men who die on board, Shall be paid within 3 months after arrival, to receiver of (ixpcnny duty for Ciiecmvion hospiul;

pettahie.; on nullers who do not piy over such wages in time and manner directed.

‘The t/Jin}-c i ,.? «/ George III.

V. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no seaman, mariner, or other person, who shall at any port or place within his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies, hire, or engage himself to l'erve, or who shall in the said colonies or plantations enter on board any merchant-ship or vessel which shall fail from Ireland after the first day of July, one thoti-sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall he entitled to, nor shall he sue for, recover, or receive any greater or'more wages or hire, or other gratuity or advantage whatsoever, on account of, or for such service, than such wages or hire as herein before authorized or directed to be paid or received.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and films of money which shall he due for wages to any seaman, mariner, or other perl’on hired or engaged on hoard of any merchant-ship lor any voyage from any port or ports in Ireland to any port or ports in the said colonies or plantations, and who has or have died on hoard during the voyage, shall within three calendar months after the arrival of such merchant-ship in any port or ports in Ireland, he paid to i lie pa foil appointed in this kingdom to receive the iixpenny duty for Greenwich-hospital for the time being, to the life of the executor or executors, administr.itor or administrators of the seaman, marina', or other person so dying; and if any master of any Inch merchant-ship, shall neglect or refuse to pay over, or tender to the faitl receiver, all and every such sum and sums of money within the time herein before limited, lie shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the turn or sums of money so due to any seaman, mariner, or other person, for wages as aforesaid.

If such money be noc demanded wi:his 3 . years,’ll shall, go io the Hib. marine school.

Application of forfeitures:

a*3<3s to Hib marine school, and 1.3d 10 infoimer;

manner of recovering penalties

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such film and linns of money which shall not be lawfully demanded of the said receiver within the term rf three years after payment thereof to him in manner aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall go and be paid to the life of the Hibernian marine school.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalties and forfeitures given by this act, lha! lie paid and applied- in manner following, that is to say, two-third parts thereof for and towards the support of the Hibernian marine school, and the other third part thereof to and for the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, and that such penalty shall be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom-; or such of them as do not ex-

2 coed

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 985

coed the fuin of twenty pounds, upon information on the oath of A. p), one or more witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's justice j yqft. or juiliccs of the peace, in any pari of this kingdom, who fluill Chap. 48. not reside more than ten miles from the phwc of a'-c.le of the per-foil or persons complained of, which iufiice and j.illices is and are hereby authorized and ur-niicd to issue out his or their warrant or warrants to bring before him or them every person charged with any ufience under this act, and in call be or they thrill refuse or neglect to pay Inch penalties or forfeitures afuxlaid, to iltiic his or their warrant or warrants to bring before him or them every person charged with any oficncc under this act, and in case he or ;f eiaIl;n they shall refuse or neglect to pay fitch penalties cr forfeitures as a;,'.' raid-aforesaid, to ifiiie his or their warrant or watranls, to levy the same b.- commimit by tbfuels and sale of the efiender’s goods; and in case no distress l°r 31110|U*1S-can be found, to commit the offender or c.Haiders to the common gaol of the city, town, or place within the juriseliflion of Inch respective justice or justices, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, or until he or they flail pay the lame.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in Not to cx-this act shall extend, or be construed to extend to any contract or fl"'1'

' / uu-.i iiiiU on

agreement which shall or may be made with any fcaman, matiner, y°.rascs.

1 r 1 IiKloc, tviso

or other person lured or engaged to serve on hoard any mcrcliant- have been dif-ship or veil'd on lic-r voyage to this kingdom, at any port or place v°g

within his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the Vfcft Indies, yb. imipro-

J J 1 Jncc certiti-

who shall at the time of such hiring or engagement, produce and cates thcrcnfi deliver to the mailer and commander of such merchant-ship or vessel, JJ, jjl a certificate under the hand of the matter or commander of the ship ' ‘VII’

1 3 days alter

or vessel on hoard of which such fcaman, mariner, or other person ik-mr.nJ, cc-had then last I’cryed, signed in the presence of one or more witness 20' or witnesses, Hating their usual place or places of abode, thereby declaring or certifying that such fcaman, mariner, or other person had been duly disdiarged from the ship or vessel on board of which he had so last served, and which certificate the f.iiJ mailer or commander shall grant within three days next alter application made to him by such seaman, mariner, or other pi rfon, before a witness, or in default thereof, Hull forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to he levied, recovered, and applied in tm.micr herein before directed; nor to any contrail cr agreement to he rat to c.:l made with any fcaman, mariner, or other person hired or eng.-g-.J ...cV, ht-r,-lo serve on hoard any merchant-lhin orvciiJ, which through ivr ccfiity, or cn account of very hazardous fen ice or e:;i Von. XVIII. 11 R

{« ti't-iitj

c i'\ hcr«‘-

I. I'.»- rf (IriLcJ,

f5 I.'» " (> «,i:f u:> O.th

Jiirirv :? .*|5 j.iad'*;

l».ch

duty (.k.ucn u:e

t)86 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

duty require such contrail or agreement to be made, and more 1798. wages or hire given, and of which necelfity, service, or extraordi-Ciiap. 48. nary duty, proof be made on oath before the chief magistrate or i!M~dcIbrIe^- Principal officer of any port or place, or before anyjuflice or infant provided tices of the peace of the said colonies or plantations; and provided be regulated also, that such seaman, mariner, or other person so hired or en-a: herein, gaged to serve on board the ship or veil'd so requiring such service, shall not have deserted from the ship or veil'd on board of which he had then last served; and provided also, that no greater or higher wages or hire shall be given by any mailer or commander, or taken . or received by any seaman, mariner, or other person as aforesaid, except in cases of such necelfity, very hazardous service, or extraordinary duty as aforesaid, then after the rate of double the monthly wages, or the wages to be settled or directed by any governor, chief magistrate, collector, or comptroller, as herein before directed to be paid or received as aforesaid.

Articles X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tcr7andfr ^rom an^ after the ffud ffr^ day July, 0Ile thousand seven lum-nen shall be dred and ninety-eight, the articles to be entered into by and bc-rfheduteA? tween the mailers, fcamcn, and mariners of such merchant-ship or lliips, shall be agreeable, and to the purport and effect as mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked with the letter A.

A publick

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice of it as such . without specially pleading the same.

'.The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A.

Ship It ' is hereby agreed between the wafer, feameit, and mariners of

Article* of ^JCf‘‘P now bound for the port of

agreement, and the wafer or commander of the saidftp,

: that in confederation of the monthly or other wages ogaiuf each respective seaman or mariner’s name hereunto put, they [everally fail and will perform the above mentioned voyage, and the said maser doth hereby agree with and hire the saidfcamcn or mariners for the said voyage, at such monthly wages to be paidpurfuant to the laws 4 f

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

of Ireland: And they the said fcamcn and mariners do hereby prom'fe and oblige themfhes to do their duty and obey the lawful commands of their officers on board the saidship or boats thereunto belonging, as become good and faithful fcamcn and mariners, and at all places where the said ftp fall pul in or anchor during the said flip’s voyage, to do their befl endeavours for the preservation of the said d;ip and cargo, and not to neglect or re fife doing their duty by day or by night, nor fall go cut of the said flip on board any other vessel, or be on fore under any pretence whatsoever until the voyage is ended, and the ftp discharged of her cargo, without leave Jiff obtained of the moser, captain, or commanding officer on board-, and in default thereof' they freely agree to be liable to the pen cities mintioned in the act of parliament made in the fifth year of king George the second, entitled, nn act for the better regulation anti government of seamen in the merchants’-service, and which act was continued by several Julfqnenl alls of parliament puffed in this kingdom, and made perpetual by an act passed in the lhirly-fx/h year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act to make perpetual the laws for preventing frauds committed by bankrupts; alfi, an act for providing a maintenance for parish clerks, and for continuing certain other temporary statutes; and the aB made in the thirty-eighth year of his pnfent Mafefys reign, entitled, an act for preventing the desertion of seamen from ships trading between this kingdom and ids Majesty's colonics and plantations in the West Indies: Aud it is further agreed by the parties to these presents, that twenty-four hours absence without leave, fall be deemed a total desertion, and render such seamen and mariners liable to the forfeitures and penalties contained in the alts above recited; that each and every lawful command which the said moser shall think ntcrjfttry to iffne for the effectual government of the said vessel, suppressng immorality and vice of ail hinds, be friltly complied with, under the penalty of the person or persons difcleying, forfeiting his or their whole wages or hire, toge-tb. r with every thing belonging to him or them on board the said Vessel. And it is further agreed, that no officer or seaman, or person belonging to the saidftp, fall demand or be entitled to his wages, or any part thereof until the arrival of the fid fig at the above mentioned port of df barge, and her cargo delivered, nor Lfs than twenty days, in case the seaman is not employed in the dt livery. And it is hereby further ogr.cd between the tnaf/r and office s of the saidftp, that whatever apparel, fnnitvre and feres each of thm way rt reive into thir charge, belonging to il -fidftp, f, tl le accounted fr oil her return; and hi case any j shall be Iff or de>-wrged lit ough their canlefjucfs or iij/t <.. my, it fall be made g'.’d

987

A.D.

!79s-

Chap.48.

u It 3

h

988 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Aj IX by such officer or seaman, by whose'meam it may happen, to the

179'’ maser and owner of the fan!ftp. rind whereas it is cufemary

for !^e 0Jflccn andfeameu on the pip's return home in the harbour, and during the time their cargoes arc delivering, to go on Shore each night to Jlccp, greatly to the prejudice of such flip and freighters, it is further agreed by the said parties, that neither officer nor seaman shall on any pretence whatfever be entitled to such indulgence, but shall do their duty by day in discharge of the cargo, and keep such watch by night as the wafer or commander of the findpip shall think tiecessary in order fur the preservation of the above. And whereas it often happens that part of the cargo is embezzled after being delivered into lighlets, and as such Iffcs are made good by the owners of the flips; be it therefore agreed by these preheats, that whatever rfleer orfeaman the waferfail think props- to appoint, shall take charge of the cargo in the lighters, and go with the same to the lawful quay, and there deliver his charge to the ftp s huffand, or his reprefnta-tuve, or fee the fame fafe/y weighed at the King’s beam, and incosfi-quence of their true fidelity, fuel]-off:eer or feaman shall be entitled to two shillings and fx peace each lighter, cxelufve of their nun!My pay; andjbould its happen that lighters arc detained a confderable lime at. the quay before they cun be unloaded, fitch fleer and seaman so appointed, shall in that case be entitled to I vjo shillings andfx pence for every twenty-four hours, exclusive of their said monthly pay. That each finnan and mariner who flail well and truly perform ths . above mentioned voyage, (provided always, that there be no plnn-dcrage, embezzlement, or other unlawful aSs committed on the said vffd’s cargo or fores,) shall be entitled to their wages or hire that may become due to him pursuant to this agreement. That for the due performance if each and every the above mentioned articles and agreements, and acknowledgment of their being voluntary, and without conipulfou, or any ether clandef ine means being life J, the said parlies have hereunto ftbfiribed their names, the day and month ft oppofte lo their respective. names.

Place and Time of Entry.

Men’s Names. Quality. Witness to each Man’s signing. Pay in the Whole. Harbou r. Half. Wages per Month, or by the Run for the Voyage. Whole Wages.

v;-

C5-

i

(Z-

0-

O

CD

O

*-5

o=?

CD

o

4-

n~>

vo

OT

VO

9S° A.D. 1798.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

Former pfleflion*. rf the profe/lors of law in this kingdom;

by 25 G. z. ground in hiJ cite vv.is verted in trullces,

the dean and chapter of Clmft-cluirch are seized in fee of two parcels of land herein described

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, Dublin, end other Pufins therein named, to grant certain Grounds in the City of Dublin, to the Society of King's Inns, Dublin.

WHEREAS the professors of the law in this kingdom, wer;* from the year one thousand five hundred and forty-two, possessed of the feitc, circuit, ambit and precimft of the monallcry er house of the friars preachers; or black-friars, situate in the fu-burbs of the city of Dublin, with other lands, by virtue of knifes for years thereof, made to them by his Majesty King Homy the eighth, and his successors, and the fame were afterward! granted to them in fee by his Majesty, King James the first, at the annu.il rent of twenty shillings, to the end that it should be a perpciiai residence for them, and their successors, and they continued to rc-fide therein, and the fa me were knownby the name of the King’s Inns, until the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, when the buildings became ruinous and unlit for the purpofl"-' of the society: And whereas by an act of parliament passed in the 'wenty-fifth year of his late IVIaiefty, King George the icvond, the ground comprized in the said feitc, was veiled in ten air. iiuAci.-, who were thereby empowered to set or sell the same, or any part of it, and to purchase other ground, or to build on any part of the said ground not fold, or deinifed, and they cannot. now build on the said ground, the greatest part thereof being occupied by the courts of.justice, and the public offices lately built then Oil: and whereas the right honourable and right reverend and reverend the dean, and chapter of the cathedral church of the Holy Trinity or Christ-Church, in the diocese of Dublin, are foiled in fee of two parcels of land, one of them called the Plover Field, near Glas-maenoge, in the county of the city of Dublin, and the other called part of Redmond’s farm, lying on the call fide of Glaiinacnoge, in the suburbs of the city of Dublin, which lands have been appropriated to the maintenance of the prebendaries and choral vicars of the said church, and the said dean and chapter by and with the assent and consent of the said prebendaries and choral vicars, on the twenty-sixth day of June, in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, demised the said parcel of land called the Plover Field, to Richard Wilson, of the city of Dublin, esquire, to hold to him, his executors, administrators and assigns,

for

1 he thirty-eighth Year of George III. <;ru

for a term of forty years, from the twenty-fifth day March, A. 0.

then last pad, at the yearly rent of six pounds, and the 1'iid Ilioh.trJ i yyS.

V/ilfon, on the ninth clay of July, in t!:e year of our lord one ^h.ip. 40. thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, demised part of the said r;,ij parcel of land, containing one acre, one rood, an.! sevenlcen perches, to the honourable Richard Trench, in trull for the light 10 honourable Luke lord Mountjoy, to hold to him, his executors, administrjtors and assigns, for the term of forty years, from t!,s rffi1., twenty-lilth day of March, then hill pair, at toe yearly rent of Wail v.Y-twenty-two pounds fifteen shillings, with a covenant that the hid ‘

Richard Wilson, his executors, administrators and alligtis, Ihoukl r.Joumjoy; make a new lease to the said lord Mountjoy, his executors, achni-nistrators and alligns, at the If.id yearly rent, so often as the said dean and chapter fl.ould make a new lease thereof to him: and whereas the said dean and chapter, with the like after.t and consent j.., Jpt, on the thirteenth day of ]i;nc, in the year of our lord one thouhind

’ - *n f-ti p.tr: of

seven hundred and ninety (even, demiled that other parcel of land it-a.iou'i'. called part of Redmond's farm, containing two acres, one rood, xjj, and Uventy-eight perches, to John Nalh, of the county of Cork, cfqmre, to hold to the said John Nath, his executors, adminillw-tors and assigns, for a term of forty years, from (he twenty-fifth day of March, then lall pad, at the yearly rent of twenty pounds; (yj N,fli .1--and the said John Nufli on the ninth day of February, in the year "'nd to^Jolm of our lord cnc thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, demised Esau = the said last mentioned parcel of land to John Kgan, of the city of Dublin, eiiptire, to hold to him, his executors, administrators and assigns, for a term of thirty-nine years, from the twenty-fifth day of Match, then last past, at the yearly rent of four humlred and twenty pounds ten shillings, with a covenant that he the said John Kadi, hi? executors, administrators and assigns, woidd make a new lease to the said John Kgan, of the said parcel of land lot a like rent, on his or their paying to him or them, a sum of

as a fine for the fame: anti whereas the benchers °,1‘* of the said society of the Kung’s-inna, desirous to build a library, kciic'iench.

' n . 1 ’ timed a Icalc

dining-ball and ebanihers, for the mcmbcisof the said society, ac- of part of

cording to the institution of the royal founders, have on the four- fr',^'irorj":, J’

teeiith day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand Hwnjoy.

J ’_who on lata

seven hundred and ninety-three, obtained from the said lord day derailed Mountjoy, a lease of that part of the said Plover Field demised to piuveM-icld aid Richard AVilfon, and the said lord " )Y’ll,ara.

7 C.ilubtck, m

him, as aforesaid, by the Mountjoy, on the said day, by the said Richard Trench, hisattor- trull for the nev for that pnrpose, and tvuftce, demised part of the said parcel

31 y:an, at

The thirty-eighth fear of George. HJ.

992

A.D.

of ground, called the Plover Field, to William Caldbeck, treasurer 1798. to the said society, to hold the same to him, his executors, admi-Chap 49. niftr.-.tors and all ign?, in trull for the said society, for a term of ?i4l. ics a thirty-one years, from the twenty-ninth day of September, then lad pad, at the ye.'.tly rent of five hundred and fourteen pounds un'.v..,i| ten shilling-i, with a covenant that he the said Richard Trend), his ixeaiters, adminiflr.r.ors and assigns, would grant anew lease of the said parcel of land to the said William Caldbeck, his executors, administrators and assigns, at a rent of five hundred and fourteen pounds ten shillings, so often as he should obtain a new lease thereof, from the said dean and chapter, and for a like term; and the said benchers also did obtain from the said John Egan, a lease of tire laid parcel of land, called part of Redmond’s farm; and the said John Egm, on the twemy-seventh day of February, in the year of our Lord 011c thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, clemifed the said parcel of land to said William Caldbeck, to hold m,

OS 7.7 I'lll I.lill J ‘li’- K-’nii

i ['nrt

cf K<iiinor.ii’i

W'ltlm !’1 1 the same to him, his executors, administrators and assigns, in trull C.ii.a.Kk, in for the said loehry, for a term of thirty-five years, from the twenty-fifth day ol' Tcccmhev, then la!’: pall, at the yearly rent of six hundred and listy "ouuds, and onc-haif of such line as iie or they

t i.ir Jo-

Icr j;

r>, f*:i

7; I av.

Paould pay lor the fame, with a covenant that he the said John

7 VCIII, ,ni J

tv: ii tin.- ime Eg in, his executors, administrators and assigns, would make a 111 *d ivli.*n 11 ease of tire I. id parcel of land to the said William Caldbeck, for a ct ri'i'twal, like teim, and at the

f..'.1 rE

i uteri’

in Willum i'IciCiHr

rent aforesaid, and at the fine aforesaid, so so often as he lhouhl obtain a new lease thereof, from the said John Nadi: and whereas tile laid John Egan, for full and valuable r'lmofHu.), eonlideration, hath granted and conveyed unto William Fletcher, i'imn!'s t.irm. of t]le t;tv of Dublin, cfmtirc, and his heirs, all his right, title

is V( lied 4 1

and interofl in the said pared of land, called part of Redmond s farm, and in the said rent payable to him under the demise aforesaid, and all the right, title and interofl of him the said John Egan, in said parcel of land, and the rent aforesaid, is now vested in the r , laid William Fletcher, and his heirs: and whereas the buildings

rue-five and ’ b

turn! build- intended to be -eret-led on the said two parcels of land, have need crvit-diu ’to be of much extent and solidity, and will coll very considera-for'poMoics *'ums of money, - and are to be applied to purposes be-'liner w"'k" nc'icuil to l'ie public, the same as if they had been erected on the ground granted as aforesaid, to the said society by his Ma-chaptvr have jesty King James the fir 11; and whereas the said dean and chapter, tfc'b^ifty' ant' ^‘e PTei>endaTics and choral vicars of the said cathedral church ikail enjoy have consented and agreed, that the said society of the king’s inns ever, on pay. ajid their successors, shall have, hold and enjoy the said lands for

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 993

ever, in fee, in confutation of a rent, equal in amount to the A.D. difference in value between a term of forty years, and a fee fun- 1798. pie, to be made immediately payable to them, and to their succes- Chap. ^9, fors for ever, by the said society of the king’s inns; and whereas the said Richard Wilson, lord Mountjoy, John Nash, and William Fletcher, who are now respectively entitled to the several henefi- t-veen 40 cial interests and terms for years in said two parcels of land, here- f'efimpic: in before particularly mentioned, have also consented and agreed, that the said society of king’s inns and their successors, shall have, Mmmjjy, hold, and enjoy the said lands for ever, notwithstanding their fc- warn'm veral beneficial interests and terms for years now subsisting, in consideration that they the said Richard Wilson, lord Mountjoy, John said society Nadi and William Fletcher, shall have effectually secured to each f.,;j wTibr of them, severally and respectively, and their respective and fevc- "o"l ral heirs and assigns, such annual rents, or yearly sums as are followup herein after particularly mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the Ivcuiclr"*1 King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent chajlte^wiik of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present "nfom of Parliament assembled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for andc'lwril'1’ the said dean and chapter, by and with the advice and consent of f"/ the prebendaries, and choral vicars aforesaid, to grant and demise landitofo-to the professors of the common law in this realm, and to their at'joyt io"’ successors-in the said profession for.ever, by the name-of the society yc'lr'

of the king’s, inns, the said two-pieces or parcels-of land so demised «. ly to dean to them as aforesaid, by the said lord Mountjoy, and Jolm Egan; ’

and for the said professors, by the said name, to accept of the said demise, and-to-hold-and enjoy the same to them, and to their successors, .-paying, to the said prebendaries and choral vicars, and their successors, the yearly sum of two hundred and five pounds, ten shillings, and-two pence, by equal quarterly payments, on every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, twenty-fifth day of December, and twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, and paying in like manner.10 the said Richard Wilson, his ( heirs and assigns, the yearly sum . of eighteen pounds, fourteenyear, to be shillings and eight penes, and also paying in like manner to the {^top’’. said lord Mountjoy, his heirs and assigns, the yearly.sum of four

-hundred and four pounds, nineteen shillings and four pence, and ajc-.no lord also paying-in-like manner to the said John Nash, his heirs and assigns, the-yearly sum of-three hundred and eighty pounds, and also tpaying unto the said William Fletcher, his heirs and assigns, quarterly; inflike manner the -yearly sum of two hundred pounds; the first J00]. ,y,r payment of every of the said yearly sums to be made on the first 10 w'l,iara

T

Fletcher, of quarterly.

994 ? hie thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

of such of the said days of payment as shall next happen after the fh1^' passing of this act; and the faitl several payments to he in lieu and lull compensation of all rents heretofore referred out of the said lands, and payable to the said dean and chapter, prebendaries, choral vicars, Richard Wilson, lord Mountjoy, John Nalh and Remedy in William Fletcher, or any of them, and in calc of the non-payment

cjieofiion. of (llc said yearly sums, or any of them, on the respective days payment o i . J J ' J

lent. herein before mentioned, that the said dean and chapter, preben-

daries, choral vicars, and their successors, Richard Wilson, lord Mountjoy, John Nalh and William Fletcher, and their heirs and assigns respectively, shall severally have remedy for recovery thereof by distress; and in case the fame may be replevied, may avow upon this act, without fating out any other title to the annual rent, or yearly Hun so sued for, or they ami every, or any of them, may severally enter into the said lands, and hold the fame, and receive the rents, iiftics, and profits thereof, until all aireais of the annual rents or yearly sums aforesaid, and all cods attending the recovery thereof, shall be fully satisfied, and the fen ice of a lun> mpns in ejedment, and the recital of a lease -theiciu, shall be deemed in any court of law or equity, a sufficient entry, and tuf-iicient evidence of a lease for the ptirpose of obtaining such possession.

Dran art! chapter, and other parties way proceed by a:\i.-n of debt, &c.

fiu!laments obtained on such adiutis ili.tli bedfem-etl ns biiuiinir the re tlaud freehold eit.it.s, and the p.vjo.iul propel i\ of uid foeiciy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said dean and chapter, prebendaries, choral vicars, and their suecefibis, Richard Wilson, lord Mountjoy, John Nadi, and William Fletcher, each and every of them, and their heirs and assigns, respectively, to proceed for the recovery of the said annual rents, or yearly I tuns, and all arrears thereof, by action of debt or covenant founded upon this act, in any of the ftiperior courts of record, against the said so-cictv, by the name of the society of the king’s inns; and that all and every judgment and judgments which shall, or may be obtained on all and every inch action and actions of debt or covenant, shall be deemed and taken by virtue of this act, as binding the real anti freehold ellates of the said society, however veiled, in trustees for their tile, and as binding the personal property of the said society, in whatsoever hands, or wherefuever such personal property

may be, so that one or more execution or executions by virtue of this act, may be ciiedually had, for the satisfaction of all and every such judgment or judgments, any thing herein contained to

the contrary iiotwkkflantiing.

III. 4nd

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

995

III. And be it enatfeJ, That the faiA society of Icing's inns, A.D. shall and may sue and be sued by the name of the fociuy of the 179^'-Icing’s inns, in all cases in any way respu'.ing the said lands, or 's^'r'Tw any buildings to be creeled thereon. nnv >' -

° t.e f:.-d t>y

t!ic mine <:

" \.\z (.hiity

chap. l.

An Act for the belter Collection of Sums arifng from Forfeited Recognizances, and from Fires imposed at Assizes, Commissons of Oyer and Terminer, and General Card De/iverr and Seffiens of the Peace, and for t ':e future AphUcation of the same.

WHEREAS great impediments have arilen to the due admi-’ migration of pnldick justice, by the difiiaiity which bath hitherto existed of enforcing the payment of such Inins of money, as have become due from forfeited recognizances, and from lines imposed at assizes, commissions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and sessions of the peace: and whereas many recognizances which have been forfeited by personss bound for the appearance or prosecution of persons ohaigul with crimes, or for keeping the peace, have remained for a long Ipacc of time in arrear and unpaid, and many lines impeded at assizes, commissions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and sessions of the peace, have for many years remained in force, the fame not having been hitherto discharged or paid off, upon which process hath from time to time been issued without producing any good effect: And whereas it is expedient for the ends of public justice, that a new mode should he adopted for the better and more effectual collecting such films as may in future arile from forfeited recognizances, and from fines imposed at assizes, commissions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol deiivciy, and sessions of the peace, and for the future application of the fame: We your Ma-jeffv’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland 5n Parliament assembled, hefeecii your Majesty that it he enabled, and be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all recognizances which have been forleited by persons bound for the appearance ami prosecuticm of persons charged with any crimes or offences, (high and petit trea-II T 2 foil,

l:,.rli-

r.uT.t1 .*

i.iiftii from the diiucu'ty of enforcing P-iym-ruol iorUucd re-

formed recognizances mul fines have continued long ua-

pjitl,

which proofs

li-T.il hren

expediency of adopting a new mode for collecting

such fuim in future:

recognizances forfeited bc» fore i jan. I7f;3.(exccp: fi ca o cor.* via*) are

996 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

son, and murder only excepted,) or for keeping the peace, and all 1798. fines imposed on persons at affixes, commissions of oyer and tcr-Chap. 50. mineri and general gaol delivery, and sessions of the peace, before —' the first day of January, which was in the year of our lord, one charged!* ' thousand seven hundred and nhiety-three, (except fines imposed on persons convicted,) and which said recognizances and fines; now are, and standunsatisfied,-shall be from henceforth for ever

discharged and vacated to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and :from henceforth no process or execution shall ififue, or be executed 'thereon, from his Majesty's court of exchequer, nor shall any - bond or other security given for the fame, to any (hcriff be valid,

or of force, unless such sheriff shall have actually paid into his Majesty's exchequer the amount thereof, prior to the first day of this present session of Parliament.

Vorfcited H. And be it enacted by the authority_ aforesaid, That all and every sums and sum of money arising from' forfeited recognizances, levied and.ip- and from such fines as aforesaid, imposed at assizes, commis-ScrdheOed" fioris of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and i'cffions of the peace, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and-ninety-three, whiih said recognizances and fines now are, and Hand unsatisfied, and all and every sums and sum of money which shall or may hereafter arise or grow due from forfeited recognizances, and from fines'imposed-at assizes, commissions of oyer and terminer, and, general gaol delivery, and sessions

of the peace, ihalhin future be raisedandlevied, and shall be applied and applicable as herein after is directed, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in -any wise notwithstanding.

III. And for the more effectually collecting the several fuins of money now due arising from’recognizances, (not hereby vacated and discharged) by persons bound'for the appearance or prosecution of persons charged with-criminal offences, or for'keeping the -peace, and which now are and stand'unsatisfied, and from such fines as aforesaid imposed at assizes, commissions of- oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and ie/fions of the peace, and estreated into the exchequer, between the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the paffmgof Comptroller this act, and which now-are, and stand -unsatisfied,; be it enacted, WTue f!m° the space of one-calendar, month after the passing of

monies, with- this act, the'-comptroller of the pipe shall issue the second sum-after°ffing moils of the; pipe upon all such forfeited recognizances, and fines countyuea- eftfestedrinto the exchequer, for the levying of all sums of money fcrers, who contained in such estreats, out of the goods, body, and lands of

shall issue 6

warrants tltC

thereon*

What shall lie let lorth in recogni-

vutocei;

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 997

the respective debtors named in such procels, and Inch process shall A.D. be directed to the respective treasurer and treasurers of the county 179 S* and counties respectively, in the baronies or half-baronies, of which the said respective debtors are tifually reputed or taken to dwell, and the said respective treasurer and treasurers to whom fuclt pro-ccis shall be directed, is and are hereby required forthwith to issue his or their warrant or warrants for the levying of all such fusts as shall be contained therein, directed to the collector or collectors respectively appointed by law, for the 'levying the ccfs imposed by the grand jury, which said collector or collectors is and are hereby required to levy, pay over, and account for the fame in manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, every recognizance hereafter taken by, or before his Majesty's court of king’s-bench, or by, or before his Majesty's chief justice of the said court of king’s-bench, or by, or before any of the justices of his Majesty's court of king’s-bench, or by, or before any justice or justices of the peace, either at their sessions of the peace, or otherwise, or by any magistrate or other person lawfully authorized to take the fame, shall contain the name and addition of the person or persons respectively, who thereby acknowledges himself, herself, or themselves respectively to be hound, and the name of the town-land, parish, and barony, or half-barony, or town, or city, and street, therein, (if in a county of a town or city) in which fitch persons ufua! or actual place of refulence is, or are respectively situated; and all and every persons or person who thall hereafter come before his Majesty's court of king’s bench, or before any of his Majesty's justices of the said court, or before any justice or justices of the peace, either at their sessions of the peace, or otherwise; or before any magistrate or other person lawfully authorized to admit to bail, in order to give bail, or be bound for the appearance of any person or persons charged with any crime or crimes; (which person (b charged shall by law be entitled to bail,) or for keeping the peace, shall respectively make oath, (which oath shall be annexed to, or written on the fame piece of paper, or parchment, with the recognizance, and be signed by the person making the same, and attested by the proper jurat of the court, justice, magistrate, or other person taking the fame,) that he or she is a house-holder, naming likewise therein, the place, town-land, parish, barony, or half-barony, and county, and the town, or city, and street therein, (if in a county of a town, or city,) in which lie or (lie usually or actually reside, and that he or she is Yoi. XVIII. 11 U respectively

oath to he inserted in Ptcogni 2nncc4 when bail is given.

998 ;Yhe thirty-eighth Year of Gtorgt III,

A.D.

respectively.aboutto.be bound, over and above all his or her just ‘798. debts.

XXXX" Prov'8ed always, That nothing herein contained, Hull ex-

t'ersons tend, or be construed to extend to require the person or persons

boiftw'give charged with any crime, and for whose appearance any recogni-

obllgcciuo zance shall be about to be entered into, or any person or persons

fwcnrto who shall become personally bound to keep the peace, or any

Jidunce. " person or persons who shall or may hereafter become bound for the prosecution of any person or persons charged with any criminal

offence, to take such part of the said oath as relates to such person or persons being a house-hokler, or to his, her, or their being respectively. worth the sum. or films of money for which he, flic, or they is, and are.respectively about to be bound over, above all

their just debts; but every such last mentioned person and persons,

shall in like manner and form resp.edively, make oath as to the

place, vparifli, barony, ..or half-barony, and county, and the town,

or city, and street therein, (if in a county of a town or city,) in which he, (lie, or they usually or adtially reside.

jol. penalty.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every justice and justices

foXX'Sing of the peace, and all and every magistrate, and other person lawfully

co'nic'nces atlthorized to take recognizances, who shall hereafter neglect or

or to insert refuse to return the recognizances taken before him or them, or

i"n addition to flialhnegled or refuse to insert in the recognizance or recognizances

byjudge!°re<1 ta*cen l,efore him or them, the proper name and names, and additions of the person or persons entering into the fame, according to

the provisions of this act, or shall neglect or refuse to administer

the oaths, respectively, herein before dir.eded and appointed to be administered, in manner so directed, shall for every such neglect or refusal, (in addition to such sum as the judge or judges of af-

size may think fit, at the respective »ffize.s, to impole upon such

justice and justices of the peace, or such magistrate, or other person

aforesaid, by way of line, for such neglect or refusal,) forfeit the

sum.of fifty pounds, to be recovered against him by bill, plaint, or

information, in any of ids Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by any person or persons who will prosecute-or file for the fame,

wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed,

or more than one imparlance shall be granted.

clerks to

VII. And be it enacted, That from henceforth, all clerks of the

nuke returns court of-king’s bench, clerks of the court of common.pleas, clerks or cllrcats, ..0 3 is

in manner of the crown, clerks of the peace, and others to whom it belongs, cj. to make returns of estreats into the exchequer, shall make the said

returns, so that the same shall contain as well the name and addition

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

999

tiem of tile particular person or persons respectively, who are A.D. there'.')’ returned as having their recognizances forfeited and ef- 179S. treated, and as having had lines imposed upon them, in the respective courts from whence the said returns arc, or shall be respecttirely made and eftrcatecl, as also the name of the place where liich person or persons usually reside, together with the name of the town-land, parish, and barony or halt-barony, and county or town, or city, and llrcet therein, (if in a county of a town or city), in which such place or places of rclidence is or ate respectti-cly situated.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from clerks of henceforth all clerks of the court of king’s bench, and clerks of the court of common pleas, shall, upon the delivery of the e(treats rc- ijus. »"* spectively returned by them, and all clerks of the crown, and crown ami clerks of the peace, upon the delivery, or upon the transmission of i',"^’t|"fo|. the cltrcats respectively returned by them (as the case may be) in ad- lowinewiii dition to the oath prescribed by an act passed in the twenty-seventh rv or Irani-year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the ",[* ‘

better colicRion of his Majesys revenue, arising from forfeited re- "

cognizances; and in addition to the oath prescribed by one other prcicribtdiw act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to amend an act, passed in the twenty-sevenlb year of his Majesys reign, entilleJ, An at! for the better coHeilion of his Majestys revenue arising from forfeited recognizances, and to extend the provisions thereof, (as the case may be,) shall take and subscribe the oath following, that is to say:

I A.B. do swear, that in these ejlreats now by me delivered orfub-feribed (as the case may be), the names and additions of the fever at persons respctlively mentioned therein, together with their respective places of rcfiJence, and the par'tfhes, baronies, hats-baronies and counties, and town, and city, and J/reet therein, in whichftteb places of reside nee are respectively situated, are truly and faithfully set forth, according to the best of my knowledge, underfunding and belief.

which said oath the barons of the court of exchequer, or any of them, or a commissioner for taking affidavits in the said court of exchequer, (as the case may lie,) is and are hereby empowered to adaunilter in like manner and form, as is directed i'or administering the respective oaths mentioned in, and required by the said recited acts.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the comptroller of the pipe, shall issue the second summons of the pipe,

11 U 2 for

1000 A.D. 1798. Chap. 50.

Comptroller of pipe to if-

l«c fecor.d >»nimonfes, ai herein di-retied, to county t'ca-furers, who iT.nl! ilTtic their warrants accordingly.

When pre--cc’ft shall be

jilued, and when returnable.

Warrants . to be made out by treasurers within . 6 days.

1 he thirty-eighth Year of George III. for the levying of all sums. of money contained in fuel-, cflrcats, out of the goods, bodies and lands of the respective debtors, named in such process, and such process shall contain the several and respective additions, descriptions, places of abode, parishes, baronies, or half-baronies, and counties and towns, and cities, and Greets, respectively therein, (if in counties of towns or cities), of the several and respective debtors named therein, and such procols shall be directed to the respective treasurer and treasurers of the county,.and counties respectively, in the baronies or half-baronies of which the said respective debtors appear to dwell, and the said respective treasurer and treasurers to whom such process shall be , directed, shall forthwith issue his and their respective warrant or . warrants, for the levying of the linns contained therein, in mati-; ner, and directed to the several person and persons herein after particularly mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That such process shall be issued hv the comptroller of the pipe, within.ten days after the end of every Easter and Michaelmas terms, and shall be returnable respectively, 011 the fil'd return d.iy of the next following Michaelmas and Eaf-ter terms, that is to say; such process as shall be issued after every Easter term, shall he returnable on the full: return day of the ensuing Michaelmas term, and such process as shall be issued after every Michaelmas term, shall be returnable on the first return day of the ensuing. Easter term, any thing in the said recited acts to the contrary thereof, in any . wise notwithstanding; and such process shall and may, from time to time, be renewed and issued, as occasion shall require, and shall be delivered to the several and respective; treasurer and treasurers to whom the same shall be directed within ten days after the ilfuing thereof, according to the course preferi-bed for the delivery of process to the collectors of forfeited recognizances, in and by the said first above recited act.

XI. And be it enacted, That the treasurer and treasurers of the respective counties, to whom such process shall be directed, shall within six days after he or they shall have received the fame, make out his or their warrant or warrants, under his or their respective hands and seals, directed to the respective collectors, (who by law have been appointed to levy the eels or rate imposed by the grand jury, for the purpose of repairing, widening, or making roads, and other publick purposes), of the respective baronies and half-baronies, within the respective county or counties in which the respective debtors appear by the said process to reside; and by :the said warrant, the said treasurers shall direct the said collectors 3

I 00 T

A.D.

179"

ip.; 'v~'—<

Col Wtorl

anpoimed lo

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

of the respective baronies and half-baronies in which the faiil respective debtors appear by the said process to refule, forthwith to levy and raise the respective fuin and iuins contained therein, out of flic body, lands, and goods of the respective debtors, contained in such process, and forthwith to pay over the said several films of money which he or they shall or may lo raise, as aforesaid, to the said treasurer; and in the said warrant or warrants Ciall he wV.; Bull Ur contained the name, addition and place of abode of the respective debtor and debtors; and the said treasurer shall cause the said warrant and warrants to he delivered to the said respective collector or collectors, to whom the same shall be directed, within four days from the making ont of the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That all and every collector and col-leflors, who by law have been appointed to levy the ccfs or rate levy ccfs for imposed by the grand jury, for the pnrpofo of repairing, widen- loajsVInal! ing, or making roads, and other publick purposes, shall at the

assizes subsequent to the passing of this act, and all and every col- cos lorihc leflor and collectors, who shall in future be appointed by law, dj, in for the purpose aforesaid, at the assizes at which they shall be ap- jj'rcClcj'-1" pointed collectors as aforesaid, shall respectively enter into a recognizance, before the judge of assize, in the penal sum of five hundred pounds, with two sufficient sureties in the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds each, conditioned for the well and truly performing, executing, and fulfilling the purposes of this act, and for the due levying and raising the sum and films contained in the warrant and warrants of the said treasurer and treasurers reflectively, which shall or may from time to time be directed to them, and that he and they flmil and will duly and faithfully account on oath, before the grand jury, for all such film and sums contained therein, in manner herein after directed, and will truly and faithfully atiswer on oath, before the said grand jury, all such cjneflions touching the railing, levying, execution, or non-execution of the said warrant or warrants, and all such ether matters touching the fame, as shall or may he put to him or them, by the said grand jury; and the said recognizance and recognizances shall he deli- fof> rcc.ig-vered to the treasurer of the county to he filed by him in the of- il'/'fiijaVy fice of the said county treasurer. <rc’'

XIII. And be it enacted, That the several collectors to whom iv.-m of such process shall be directed by the treasurer, shall have the fame coUcf,0,i-powers to levy the debts therein to he comprized, and in executing such process as were granted to collect ors of forfeited recognizances and fines, by the said recited r.fls.

3002

Collectors to resort to goods In preference to bodies.

Justices, constables amt other re* fidcius to affilt collectors.

8atd collectors deemed collectors of forfeited recognizances, and to have fame powers as granted by recited acts.

Sheriffs an-Averabie for prrfcns committed.

Treasurers to lay pro-ct ffes before grand ju.ies, on first day of

affucs.

Duty and powers of collectors.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XIV. Provided always, That every such collector dial], in the first place, resort to the goods of every person against whom fncii process shall he iffiicd, for the levying thereout the debts due by them, respectively, or lb much thereof as such goods shall he sufficient to answer, and Hull not in any case, rcfnrt to the body or lands of any such person, if such debts might have been levied out of his or her goods.

XV. And be it enacted, That all his Majesty's justices of the peace, and all high, petty, and fub-constables, within their respective jurisdictions, and all his Majesty's subjects resident within the said several and respective baronies and half-baronies, (if required by the said several and respective collectors), shall be aiding and assisting to the said several and respective collectors, in the execution of the said process.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said several and respective collectors as aforesaid, shall, for the purpose of this act, be deemed collectors of forfeited recognizances, and shall have the fame powers to levy the forfeited recognizances and fines, coinprifed in such process, and to commit the bodies of such persons as shall be arrested for such forfeited recognizances and fines, as were granted to the collectors of forfeited recognizances and fines, by the said recited acts, and with the like rertridions; and every theriff to whose custody any person thail he, so committed, for such forfeited recognizances and fines, shall be anftverable in the same manner, as is fpceilied in the said recital ad?, with respect to persons committed to their custody, by the collectors of forfeited recognizances, and lines.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the respective treasurers o: every county, on the first day of every assizes, to be hereafter held for the county for which they respectively are, or shall be treasurers, shall lay before the grand jury of the respective counties, the original proeel’s, for the levying of all foifared recognizances and fines, which shall have ilRicd from the office of the comptroller of the pipe, and have been respectively received by them, and the names of the collectors to whom they delivered, or cauled.to be delivered, their respective warrant and warrants, for the due levying and executing the fame, in pursuance of this

ad.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every coiledor to whom any such warrant or warrants shall be so delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith proceed to execute the fame, and shall have the fame powers in the prefcncc of the next justice of the peace, refluent within the same barony, or in default thereof, of a constable of the said

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. iooj

said barony, to summon and impannel juries, and hold enquiries A.D. upon the several matters incident to the execution of the said pro- 1798. cess, as flierills and collectors of forfeited recognizances and fines Chap. 50, have heretofore been inverted with, and every collector /Itall forth-with pay over all and every sum and linns of money which he shall raise and levy by virtue of the said process to the treasurer of the county in which the barony or half-barony of which he is, or shall be collector, is situated.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of the county shall Tr«ro«n lay before the grand jury, at each adi/.es, an account of all money

paid to him by each collector, in pursuance of this act; and provided such collector shall have given freurity for the duly levying and paying in the fame, in manner herein before mentioned, that lie shall, upon every such payment, allow pivntnt of* to every such collector as shall make the fame, the amount of one-third of such payment j and likewise upon such col-lcdlor producing the certificate of the sheriff, and affidavit of the gaoler, that any person or persons named in such process (a warrant for the levying of the sum due by whom shall have been received by the said collector) is and arc in his custody, for default of payment of any sum or sums of money contained therein, it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury, and they are hereby required, out of whatever other sum or sums of money arising by virtue of this act, the said treasurer shall then have in his hands, to present one-third of the whole sum for which any person or persons shall have been so committed by such collector, to the Iheriit or sheriffs.

XX. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of every Tmfurcn county throughout this kingdom, shall keep a separate book, Mgnranoc' one for every barony and half-barony which is contained CKl1 within the county of which lie is, or shall be treasurer, and

therein he shall respectively enter, or cause to be entered, all and every such sum and sums of money, as he shall or may receive upon account of fines and forfeited recognizances, from the respective collectors within the said county, together with the dates of such receipts, and the name and names of the person and persons from whom such sum and buns of money shall have been respectively levied.

XXI. And be it cnadlct!, That every collector of every Cclteflors barony, shall at the nfilzcf, (for the county in which the oiiHcfore" b.Keny or half-barony for which he'is collector, is situated), Er;!n|iI0*-

j; X 2 next

1004 A.D. 1798.

Chap. 50.

7hi thirty-eighth Year of George III.

next subsequent to the time at which such warrant or warrants Ainl'i have been delivered to him, in manner herein before directed, appear personally before the grand jnrv of (lie fair! county, and shall then in the presence of the treasurer of the said county, account on oath before the grand jury, for all and every sum and sums of money contained in such warrant or warrants, so directed to him as aforesaid;

G. juries to and the grand juries of every county reflectively, arc here-

examine col- 0 J . 1

-leflors. by empowered, aulhonfed, and required to examine the said several collectors, respectively, touching the full and due execution, or non-execution of this act, a-nd touching all such matters and tilings as shall relate to the levying or non-levying the several Ann and Anns contained in such warrant or warrants, respectively.

G-jf"cs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That at every affixes, the

tocerlify the_’ - 1

execution ol grancjjury shall certify to the judge ofaflize, that they have well

the judge*of and duly examined into the execution of this act, within their IhnlFaft as count7> und Aate therein, whether the fame has been fully exciter di- cuted, or wherein, and by whom there shall have been any deficiency or neglect; and the judge of assize shall, before he fiats any presentment at such assizes, examine into such certificate and state-ment, and impose fines according to his discretion, for all neglect, or mifeondufl appearing, and shall if he shall think lit, direct the recognizance of the collector to be estreated, or act cihertviib, r.s shall appertain to justice, and a due execution of this act.

1 rcefitrers

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the treat urer of every county,

to give C'C- ’ 1

ditto ham. shall set down to the credit of the several and respective baronies money ihati ' and half-baronies, all sums of money which shall have been respectbe loved. lively levied on persons refilling therein, by virtue of this act, and shall he charged and chargeable with the same.

Return* to ° "

he made by

XXIV. And be it enacted, that the treasurer of each county

comptrone" respectively, shall, on or before the first day-of the term next fith-

of pipe, with sequent to ti,e said assizes, return the said process so iiltied, as afore-coptcs of ccr- 1 ’ , 1

tificatrsand said, to the office of the comptroller of the pipe, to which lie shall annex, by way of return, a copy of the said certificate and statement, so directed to lie made by the said grand jury in manner herein before directed, which copy the said treasurer is hereby required to verify on oath, before a magistrate of the said county, who is hereby required and authorized duly to attest the same.

Penalty on

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any collector, or other person wking°a ° concerned in the execution of this act, shall a fie, demand, or receive postpont c°e any or ft5 ot" m°nsyj gift, gratuity, or reward of any kin.! cution, or :I whatsocVCT.

verified

oath.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. I0o5

whatsoever, for not executing fitch process, or to delay or postpone A.D. the execution of such process, or shall accept of a less lura upon ac- *79 count, or in payment of Inch (tun or sums of money, as shall or may*-he contained in fitch process, such collector or other person so i k[s

' i',i ‘",u :um :n

offending, shall, in audition to the other penalties to which he or rr0cca. they shall he respectively fupjected by virtue of this act, forfeit and pay to every person ch irged in every such process, which shall not be duly executed, or the execution of which shall be delayed or postponed as aforesaid, or for or upon account of which, less than the amount thereof shall be received, treble the amount of the lutn and sums of money contained in such process, to be recovered, together with the full costs of suit, by every such person so charged in every such process, by action of debt, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every sheriff into whose cuf- sheriffs to tody any person or persons shall have been committed by any such collector, shall at the holding of every commission of oyer and ter- commuted,at miner, and general gaol delivery, within their respective jurisdicti- mifEon! ons, return to the justices of oyer and terminer respectively, a certificate containing the names of the several persons committed to them respectively, by any such collector, and who were in their custody at

any time during the holding of the then next preceding commission of oyer and terminer, or have been since committed to them, and the times they were respectively committed, and the sums for which they were so committed, and whether any, ami which of such persons then remain in their custody, and if not by what authority they were respectively discharged; and the gaoler of such sheriff (lull, by affidavit to be sworn before such justices of oyer and d.n-ii cf terminer, verify the truth of said certificate; and fitch certificate s'I0li:ri' and affidavit shall be lodged with the clerks of the crown of the several counties respectively, who shall annex the same to the el- 'j treats of all forfeited recognizances and fines returned by diem pur- cd,.v»,suant to this act.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all sheriffs to whom any fitch b.'rr’ir-io

' li.-i h:ir t -iCc

persons as aforesaid, shall be committed as aforesaid, Hull be charge- nr:, able with all sums for which such persons were so committed to them respectii'ely, in the same manner as they are now bylaw i chargeable for lines on persons convicted of any criminal offence5, ut-i.i.j and committed to them for such lines, fare and except that the said films Hull he to lie paid and payable to the trca.'urer of the ef unty, and he by him to he placed to the credit of tiic barony, oi h..;-i;a-ronv, in which the person or persons committed as aforesaid rdidc

icc6

A.D. 1798. Cfiap. 50,

Shcrifls <° lift cxfrcral-*<* on producing c'ilc’i.'UfCS,

Orders of court, re- . csipts, &c.

'.Personj aggrieved may go before cmn-inilftoners of . inducements, who imy re-nut the whole or part: such application to be nnde the term be- ‘ fore process is £0 be issued.

- When Turns

arc reduced or remitted,

persons who obtain such ordeis that! serve notice on comptrol-Itr within 6 days, who Hull act ac- ‘ cording to such orders.

The thirty-eigLb Year of George III.

and the comptroller of the pipe shall issue his usual process against such sheriffs for the levying of the fame, for the purposes afore-fiid.

; XXVMI. Provided always, That where any person so committed, and for whom any sheriff or sheriffs shall become chargeable

as aforesaid, shall not remain in the custody of such sheriff or (lie-

riffs, the sheriff or sheriff; to whom such last mentioned process -shall Issue, shall, upon his or their producing a discharge from the collector, -by whom any such person was committed, or on producing an order of the court of Exchequer for the discharge of any such person, or upon producing an atteiled copy of the -warrant of the judges of alike for the discharge of any such person, or upon producing the receipt of the treasurer of the county, for the whole film, for which such person or persons was or were committed, he exonerated upon his or their account, for the Cam for which such person so dischargej was committed.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it ..shall and may be lawful, from henceforth, for all and every person and persons who shall hereafter forfeit any recognizance. or recognizances, or incur any fine or fines, or against whom estreats shall or may hereafter, issue, by virtue of this act, or otherwise, and who shall find himself, herself, or tlicmfelv.es respectively aggrieved thereby, to go before his Majesty's commissioners of reducements, who are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into the respective. circumstances of the ca.l'e, in a summary manner, and -if they, shall fee sufficient reason, to remit the whole or any: part of such recogni-nizance, fine, or efti-e.it, as they shall think Jit.

XXX. Provided always, That such person or persons so aggrieved, shall so go, before iris Majesty’s said commissioners of reducements, in the cour.fe.-of the term ctext previous to the time at. which process isbv: this, act required, to be issued upon the said recognizancexir..recognizances, fine or fines, ellreat or estreats: and provided also, that if such person or persons Jliall so.have gone before, his Majesty's said commissioners,- in manner aforesaid, and that they shall have thought fit altogether to remit, or partially to reduce the sum or sums contained in the said recognizance or recognizances, fine or fines, estreat or estreats,- that then, and in . that case, the said person or persons who shall respectively have obtained an order of the said commissioners for that purpose, shall within six days from the time of obtaining the same, serve the said

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

said order upon the comptroller of the pipe, or his known deputy, at his office 'in Dublin, and the said comptroller of the pipe is thereupon required to issue no process thereon, or to issue such pro-refs, (as the case may be,) according to the terms of the said order; and such person or persons so aggrieved as aforesaid, who shall not comply with the provillons of this act in this behalf, shall, for ever after, (except as herein after is excepted,) be for ever fore-closed and debarred from the benefit of his Majesty's mercy, as to such sum or films of money contained in such recognizance or recognizances, fine or fines, cflreat or estreats.

XXXI. Provided also, That if any person or persons shall here- J’wfons i» after be committed to the custody of any sheriff or ls, for the p^aton court non-payment of any sum or sums, and being in actual custody, r

shall petition his Majesty's court of Exchequer, or the judges of assize, upon the respective circuits, that it shall and may be lawful Surge dion, to and for his Majesty's said court of Exchequer, and the said judges of assize, at any time to examine into the fails of the said petition in a summary manner j ami if they shall see sufficient reasons to grant an order or warrant, (as the case may be) under their hands, to discharge any person or persons so in custody as aforesaid; which order or warrant, upon being filed with the clerk of the pipe, shall, di!chjrp« to respectively, lie an acquittance to the respective (herilfs, collectors, dakofpipe, and treasurers, for the sum and sums for which the person or persons, so discharged, was or were in custody.

XX XU. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Application and every sum and sums of money which shall be levied by virtue ""'"O' k-

J J J vied by th»

of this act, and paid to the treasurer of any county, county of a »a. town or city, shall be applied by him, after paying or deducting thereout such part thereof as the collector shall be entitled to, in aid of the presentments upon the barony, half-barony, or county of a town or city in which the same shall have been levied; that is to say, tile treasurer shall issue his warrant for levying, pursuant to the presentments at any assizes, such sum only as shall remain to be levied thereon, after deducting thereout, or giving credit therein for all such sums as he shall have so received by virtue of this act since the lad assizes, or which he shall have in his hands, to the credit of any barony or half-barony, or county of a town or city in which the same shall have been levied, any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall ,\\,i to J;. extend to deprive any corporation, or any person or persons

ii Y j of a’y

cf rrjhu.

roo8 A. T).

In force years.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

of any rights they now have tinder their respective charters or patents, to any fines, amercements, or recognizances whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue in force for four years, provided his present Majesty, whom God long preserve, shall so Jong live, to be computed from the passing thereof, and no longer.

CHAP. LI.

An Act for regulating the Truth of a 'Difiller, and for fairing . the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

[Preamble.]

Distillcn to obtain li-cenfcs, nml to enter their rames, places of abode, and (]iftill':rics auJ (lores, in excise offices, as here-in directed;

officers to grant certificates, which Hull he evidence on trials, & c.

FOR the better regulating the trade of a distiller of spirits, and securing the duties of excise on all spirits distilled in this kingdom, be it er,ailed by the King’s mail excellent Majesty, by and.with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person shall keep in his or her possession, or flrall make life of any Hill or other utenfii for diddling spirits, nnlcfs such person shall have obtained a license for keeping the fame, signed by one or more of the commissioners of excite, nor unless such person shall have entered and registered in the.office of cxeife of the district wherein such (lill or other tuen-fil is to he set at work, his, her, or their name and surname, or names and furnamej, and place or places of abode, and the place where his, her, or their distillery is fifuated, and the number of stills intended to be kept, and the true contents of each dill, and all vessels to bc.used in his, Iter, or their distillery, and the several apartments or places therein, in which ar.y part of the business of distilling is to be carried on, and in which any of the materials for distilling shall be kept, and every place which (half be used by him, her, or them, for keeping or storing spirits, and the officer cf excise shall thereupon grant a certificate thereof to the person or persons making such entry or registry, at the foot of a copy oi such registry, which entry or registry, or a certificate thereof, shall be evidence on any question that shall arile concerning the content of any stili, and on the trial of any information for any penalty for using private utensils in distilling, or for any penalty on account of spirits being found in any flore not registered as afore-Rid.

4

Ibe thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1009

II. And be it enacted, That every license to keep a dill or {tills, A.D. shall be signed by one or more of his Majesty's chief commifli- 1798-oners of excise, and shall contain the name and surname, or names

and surnames of the person or persons whose dill or dills shall be What hull

t 1 rii|bs contatncJ

so licensed, and his, her, or their place or places or abode, and the inUccnfes; place where the diddling is to be carried on, and shall express the number of dills which shall he so licensed, and the number of gallons respectively, which each still is capable of containing; and liccnCe* to he even’ Inch license shall be of force from the date thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September following, and no longer; and Semcmber

4 4 1 . /ollowring;

every person who shall dimi any fpmts without having such h- tool, penalty

confe of force, shall for every time he shall so distil, forfeit the sum

of one hundred pounds. - " confe m force,

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth From 24. day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, no li-J""';'759>

‘.i , - nod, II mice

ceme shall he granted for the keeping of any still for diddling 500 gallon*

Tpirits or strong waters, which shall not be capable of containing

five hundred gallons, and until the said twenty-fourth day of June,

it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, to Mis may be

grant licenses for any stills* of a content not less than two hundred

gallons each.

[No license*

IV. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to distil spirits at any place, not being a market town, where b,b^ke«<cd

one or more market or markets are, and shall be held weekly, un- markets are

J held, except

less a gauger shall be stationed in such place; and that every li- where gan.

cense to keep a dill, shall be null and void, so soon as the person or persons who shall have obtained the fame, shall remove his, her,

or their distillery., to any place from that expressed in such license) lers remove.

and that no person but the person named in the license, shall be

authorized thereby to distil spirits at any place whatever, and that the person named in such license, shall not be thereby authorized

to didil spirits, save at the place expressed in such license.

V. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any Security is person to keep any dill for diddling drong waters, unless such dSiaicvs* person, with two sufficient sureties, shall have entered into a bond

to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a penalty of three hundred pounds, for every dill not exceeding five hundred gallons, and of four hundred pounds, for every dill exceeding five hundred gallons, and not exceeding one thousand gallonsand of five hundred peunds for every dill-exceeding one thousand gallons, for which a license shall lie required, conditioned that the person or persons to ,»a<!mo.uof whom such license shall be granted, shall work with every of such fcc"n,."-still or dills, not less than one -hundred working days, within the Vol. XVIII. i 1 Z time

1010

License may be withdrawn, if diiiiiierie-movcs, or is lined 20l.

AH dialling utensils found with unlicensed person* may be seized;

beads ami worms of Hills, may be seized, unless licenses for keeping the' Hills to which they belong are produced, and zol. forfeited for

Piftilling utensils, and spirits, &c. found in puf-session of such persons shall be forfeited.

Licensed distillers cm. powered to enter unli-conled d’stil-Icrirs; and to seize, destroy, &c. and entitled to a moiety of Seizures, And penalties.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

time such iicenfe shall be of force, and shall duly pay such duties of excise for all such quantities of spirits or strong waters, as by law such person or persons is, are, or shall be chargeable with, while such License shall be of force.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, to withdraw the License granted to any person or persons to keep a (till or stills, in case he, she, or they shall have changed the place of his, her, or their distillery, or shall have been legally convicted in any court of excise jurisdiction, of any fraud or offence against the laws of excise, which shall subject him, her, or them, to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Hill, or other -utensil for distilling spirits, be 'found in the possession of any person, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, unless a License to the person In whose possession the same shall be found, for keeping such still, or other utensil, signed by one or more of the chief commissioners of excise, shall be produced at the time of finding such Hill, and every head of a -still, and worm of a still, which shall be found in the possession of any person, shall be forfeited, and may be seized in manner aforesaid, unless such License as aforesaid, for keeping the still or stills, to which such head or heads, worm or worms, shall belong, and no other shall be prodneed at the time of finding the fame, and every person in whose possession such still or stills, head or heads, worm or worms shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each such still, head or worm; and ail vessels and utensils for distilling, or commonly made use of in the process of distilling, and all spirits, Anglings, wash, and materials for making spirits, found in the possession of any such person as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized in manner aforesaid, and the utensils and walk which shall be so seized, may be destroyed and spilled.

VIII. And be it enacted, That any distiller who hath, or shall have obtained a License for keeping any still, shall have the fame power and authority as any officer of excise, to enter into any house, office, or tenement belonging to any person in which any still, or worm of a still shall be kept, and for the keeping of which still, or the still to which such worm shall belong, a License shall not have been granted, and to seize and carry away the fame,

" and all vessels and utensils commonly used in the process of distilling, and all wadi or pot-ale found in such place; and that ev;-jy such licensed distiller may destroy all such vessels and utensils,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. ion

and spill all wash and pot-ale, in every case where any officer of his /[_ J) Majesty's revenue may destroy or spill the fame; and every such ijqS. licensed distiller, who shall foize any unlicensed dill or worm, shall , upon condemnation thereof, have apt) receive one moiety of the produce of any finch dill or worm seized by him; and also one moiety of all penalties to which any person in whose possession such dill shallhe found, shall be subject, on account of having such dill in his or her possession, and of the sums which are hereby to be recovered, as herein after directed, off parishes, and other places in which unlicensed dills shall be seized.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every licensed dif- Uccof.-d tiller, who shall seize any unlicensed dill, or worm of a dill, shall give ,0iiCo within six days from the time of seizure, give notice thereof 'to ^£5^, the collector of the district, or to the-next resident officer of ex- ^officers, cife, who shall immediately after such notice, take into his cuf- fame into tody such dill or worm, and secure the fame in like manner as if llltlr Clll*oJ), they had'been seized by any officer of excise.

X. Provided also, That where any utensil or vefltl for diddling, Utcnfiisor or any wash shall be so seized, It shall and may be lawful for the so?Jtnccnf-officer of -excise to sell the same to any licensed distiller, provided eJdlllllk«i such wadi shall fell for the sum equal to the'duty chargeable there- ;f wash doc, on, otherwise such wash shall be-ipilled, and in case such wash-shall not fell for he fold, the purchaser thereof shall pay the collector of the dif- dn,y""ft0|hjlt tridt where such distiller shall reside, excise for the fame. In like bc Ip*11"1-manner as for any other part of the dock, together with the purchase money thereof.

XI. Provided also, That no brazier or manufacturer of metal, Licensed shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture for having any dill or brr not head of a dill or worm, in fii6 or -her possession, so that such bra- nalti« 0° Fortier or manufacturer of metal, shall have a license -for making the nil|"r^cfor fame in cases where such license is required.

XII. And be it enacted, That no brazier, or other person deal- Bmzion or ingin brass,.copper,-tin, or other manufactured metal, shall make FaU0rt\ome' or have in his possession, any dill or blackrpot, the contents where-

of shall beliefs than five hundred gallons, without first having ob- gallon, with-

tained a licence from one or more of the commissioners of excise,

for making the same; and if any brazier or other person as afore- and ruch ilitis '1 .__ or'klack port

laid, shall make or have m Ins possession, such dill or hlaek-pot, forfeited.

without such license, or if inch (till or black-pot shall be found in

the possession of any brazier, or other person as aforesaid, who shall not produce a license for making or keeping the fame, such

brazier shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and such dill or

black-pot shall be forfeited and seized.

11 Z 2

io 12 fthe thirty-eighth Year of George II. 1.

A.D.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every brazier, or other person 1798. who shall make any still whall'oever,' shall before he or flic shall Chap. 51- dispose of the fame, damp on the bread of such still, over that part thereof, where the cock of such still shall be placed, and also on the fhmpthe head of such still, his, or her name and silename, and place of

bread, »f residence, and the name and surname, and place of rclidence of the

in'directedrC" PeI"f°n to whom he shall dispolc of the fame, at full length, in Ro-befcre they man letters, and the-mimher of the year of our-Lord God, in which of, penalty such still shall be disposed of, and the number of gallons which the

lal fame shall be capable of containing, in figures, such letters and

figures to be funk in the metal of such still, and not Icls than half an inch long, or shall, for every default therein, forfeit the sum of stampftish ten Poundsand if any such still shall afterwards be enlarged, the when they brazier or person enlarging' the fame, shall in like manner damp

enlarge them, 1 0 0

penally toi. the number of gallons such still shall be capable of containing, after the enlargement thereof, or shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Hoi. Penal-

XIV. And be it'eha&ed, That no brazier or manufacturer of ikTsVorftT.d- metal, or other perfoli, shall convey, or permit to be conveyed \mlm’ ^cr ’ ^rom his stores, house, or oilt-house, to any person whomsoever, mils. any still, unless a permit granted by the proper officer for the re-

moval of such'still, shall have been obtained by such brazier, ma-nufacturer, or other personj' and such permit shall contain in the body thereof, the names: and-surnames of the brazier, manufacturer, or other person who made such still, and of the person or persons to whom such still is intended to be sent, and also the number of gallons which such'still may contain; and if any person shall convey, or permit to he-conveyed, any still from his stores, house, or out-honfes, without such permit,- every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten; pounds.

StilU found

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for ar.y officer »dthoutnpcr- excise to seize every still which shall be found conveying or wits may bu conveyed, and for the conveyance of which -such permit shall not none (li.il: be be produced, and that no permit shall -be granted for the conveyance of any still to any person other dun a person licensed to

diiiiiUvs. keep a still.

Persons to

XVI. And be it enacted, That the > person to whom any still whotn Hills shall he conveyed, shall within forty-eight hours after the arrival shall give up of such still, deliver up the permit under which such still was Ti^Tws* conveyed, to the proper officer, who shall thereupon grant a cer-

an.i rcrcive tilicate to such person in lieu thereof; and if any still shall he found certificates r r

otherwise in the possession of any penon after the expiration ot forty-eight

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 10 M

hours from the arrival thereof, without producing such certificate, A.D. Inch Hill shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized. __179

XVII. And be it enacted, That every brazier or other person ^1aP 5 ' dealing in manufactured metal, shall on or before the twenty- Qnrmciiy fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth "jScni>y° day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, return a true account to the coiiedtor of the district in which fcti ntiu, he or she shall reside, under his or her hand, or the hand of fotne p£lulli'10' known clerk, of every dill sold by him or her within the then preceding thiee months, and the name and surname of the person to whom each such dill was fold, and his or her place of re-(idence, and the number of gallons every such dill shall be capable of containing, and dull for any default therein forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any dill shall be kept or used by any distiller,-who shall have a license for keeping any dill or Woof con-dills, and that any such dill so kept or tiled, shall be of the con- tiTanVfrTlions tents of four gallons more than the contents of the dill for which °'crill,'e

o ijuaniuy men*

such license shall have been granted to such distiller as aforesaid, in li-then, and in every such case, every such dill so exceeding the con- be fciieJ.mit tents of the dill defended in such license; as also every dill which on'drtlilter*.

by any device or means used in constructing the head thereof, or doty, otherwise, shall he capable of containing above four gallons more pioj»orti®n-than the quantity expressed in the license, shall be deemed an unlicensed still, and shall and may be forfeited and seized, and the distiller who shall keep or use the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and such distiller shall be charged with, and pay the duty of so much spirits as he or she ought to have been charged with, according to the real contents of every such dill.

XIX. And be enacted, That no distiller of spirits shall set any suu, to be dill to work for the purpose of brewing any wash or pot-ale, or brcS ^tf,<: of diddling, unless such still shall be set up to the bread thereof brick or flow in a furnace of brick or done; with mortar of lime and sand; and every still which shall be found at work, and shall not be set and fixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XX. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits, shall iol. Penal-provide at his or her expence, such fastenings or locks and keys !or°nor pro-" to the head, furnace, door, and cocks of every still, as shall be ap-

proved of by the inspector or surveyor of excise of the district locks where such distiller resides, or shall pay for such fastenings, locks " and keys, as shall be provided by the inspector or surveyor for securing the fame, and if any distiller shall not provide, or pay for facti fastenings, locks and keys, or if at any time any such fasten-

1014

A.D. 1798. Chap. 5 f.

Whai Otall 1 be charged for Hills of 30:0 gallons, or upwards j

under joooo, mid not ids than 2 ,oo gallons

under :;oo and not Ids than 20;o gallons j

under, 2000, and noi Id's tlnn 1500 g.-.:lons;

under15CO, and not Ids than it co gallons;

clildllers to be cb irged nish like proportions for iubk queue day.* of work

i *ii

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

*ngs, locks, or keys, shall be broken, or be out of order, and such distiller Dial] not pay for repairing the fame, every such distiller shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXI. And be it enacted, That.every distiller of spirits, who shall have any ilill-or hills of three thousand gallons content each, and upwards, shall be charged with, and pay excise for fifteen charges of low wines for every such full, for twenty-live working days next after the day on which such (till or dills respectively, pursuant to the regulations’of this act, shall from time to time be unlocked, or set at work; and every distiller who shall have any still or (tills under three thousand gallons content each, and not id", than two thousand five hundred gallons content, shall be charged with, and pay excise for fixreeu charges of low wines for every such (till or (tills, for twenty-five working days next after the day 011 which such (till or (tills respectively shall be so unlocked, or set at work; and every distiller who shall have any still or (tills unJet two thousand five hundred gallons content each, and not lei's than two thousand gallons content, shall be charged with, and pay excise for seventeen charges of low wines for every such still or (tills, for every twenty-five working-days next after the day on which such (till or (tills respectively shall he so unlocked, or let at work; and cverv distiller who shall have any still under two thousand gallons content each, and not lei’s than one thousand five hundred gallons content, shall he charged with, and pay excise for eighteen charges ol low wines, for every twenty-five working days next after the day on which such (till or (tills shall he so unlocked, or lot at work; and cverv distiller, who shall have any (till or (tills, under one thousand five hundred gallons content each, and not less than 011c thousand gallons content, shall be chargeable with, and pay excise for twenty charges of low wines for every such (till or (fills, for twenty-five working days next after the.day on which such (fill or Hills respectively shall be unlocked, or let at work; and every distiller shall he charged with, and pay excise in the like proportion, in respect to the coments of his or her still or (tills, for every subsequent day, until the time of discontinuing to work with his or her (till or (tills, which shall be specilicdin any notice which shall he given to the chief commissioners, collector, surveyor, and gauger, pur-fiiant to this act, of such distiller’s intention so to discontinue, and until the works in which his or her still or (tills respectively is, are, or shall be set, shall be taken down, and until Inch still or (tills shall be locked, as by this act is directed, and shall also lie charged with, and pay excise for as much more pot-ale, wadi, low wines, singlings, or spirits, as he or (lie shall dfflill’ within such 2 twenty-

The- thirty-eighth Year of George III. I0t5

twenty-five working diys, and every such ftibsequent day, over A. 1 h and above die rcipeflive quantities alorefitid; and J'uch Jifliilcr 1 79 shall be allowed thirty shillings out of tile charge of cxeife, for re-building the works necessary fur letting each Inch Hill. j>. alijwd

XXII. And be it cn,-idled, That every difliller, wlui shall have '.t’i'ii!"'8 any hill or hills, under one thousand gallons content each, and Cju-ge for not less than five hundred gallons content, shall he charged with, ,0-o an.: w and pay excise for twenty-three charges of low wines, for every '‘fi!°* fitch hill, for every twenty-live working days next, after the day

on which such hill or hills shall from time to time be unlocked, or set at work as aforesaid; and every dihiller who shall have any f|ur, y, hill or hills under five hundred gallons content each, and not less under than two hundred gallons content, shall he charged with, and pay and not left excise for thirty charges of low wines, for cverv twenty-five work- t, IJ'2yj ingdavs next after the day oil v. Iikh such Hill or hills respectively shall be unlocked, or set at work as aforesaid, and every dihiller shall be charged with, and pay excile in the like proportion, in respset of the contents of his or her hill or hills for cverv subsequent day, until the time of discontinuing to work with his or Iicr hill or hills, which shall lie (pccihcd in any notice which shall be given to the eliic-f commissioners, collector, surveyor and gauger, pursuant to this act, of such dihiller's intention so to discontinue, and until-i'ueh hill or hills respectively shall he locked, and the worm or worms of such (till or hills respectively displaced and removed out of the worm-tub or worm-tubs thereunto belonging, as by this act is directed, and shall all’o be charged with, and pav excise for as much more pot-ale, wash, low wines, Anglings, or'spirits, as lie or hie shall dihil within such twenty-five working days, and every such subsequent day, ov,er and above the respective quantities aforesaid; and such difliller hull be allowed twenty jc;.a!l<i.»-fliiliiugs for replacing the worm of every hill of five hundred gal- LB wm-m or Ions.content, and upwards, and twelve shillings for replacing the worm of every hill of two hundred gallons, and leis than five bun- jj- lor i c. tired gallons content.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every dihiller of spirits, shall, Ww!.| under his or her own hand, or the hand of foine person for whom tries and pay-lie or hie shall be responsible, weekly, that is to (ay, on or be- made by diffore Saturday in every week, make true entry at the excise office

in which such difliller shall carry on the business: of dihilling, of i>ivduty the quantity of spirits for which such distiller is or shall by law i, b.uofall be chargeable with duty, for and during the weekending Satur-tlay next preceding, and shall at the lame' time pay and clear oh’, i>cna!e.«.

i o 16

A.D. 1798. Chap. 51,

When OiTi* cers make out returns of

spirits tliftill-

et!, they shall also make re-turns ofqoan* tity of malt ull-d;

if ditliller docs nor use baircl of malt for every' 7 gallons of spirits, he shall be charged with duty equal to the deficiency;

if dtlliller dors not make 5 gallons of spirits from t barrel of malt* he shall b.: charged duty equal to the deficiency-

The thirty-c'ighth Year of George III.

or cause to be paid and cleared off the -whole of the excise by him or her. payable for the fame, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every such omission, neglect, or default of entry and payment, together with a sum equal to double the duty returned by the gauger or gaugers, to have incurred by such difliller for such week; which entry and payment of duty, at the time, and in the manner-herein mentioned, shall be in lieu of the entry and payment of duty enjoined by any hw or laws heretofore made, and the said penalty on default shall be in lieu of all penalties for default of weekly entry, and-payment of duty for spirits, imposed by any law or laws heretofore made.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That as often as any officer or officers of excise shall make out any return of the quantity of spirits which any difliller from- wash shall have diddled within any period, and of the duty payable for the fame, in order that such return may be a charge against such difliller, the officer or officers of excise shall take an account of all malt consumed by such dilHI-ler in making of the quantity of spirits comprized in such return, as well malt.which fluid have been made by such difliller, as malt which such difliller shall have received by permits, which account shall lie made out from the permits granted for conveying such malt from, the malt (lores into the distillery of such difliller; and if any such difliller shall not make it appear by such permits that he hath consumed in his distillery, in the making of such quantity of spirits, one barrel of malt for every leven gallons of spirits, of which the officer or officers shall have taken an account, as having been diddled within such period, every such difliller shall in every such return be charged with such further sum as shall be equal to the duty of the-quantity of malt which shall be deficient of the said quantity of one barrel to every seven gallons of spirits; and such further sum shall be returned by the officer of excise, as a charge on such difliller, in the same manner as any duty on spirits is made a charge against any difliller, and the same shall be paid at the same time, and under the like penalty as the duty of spirits diddled by such difliller is by-law - to be paid; and if the quantity of spirits made from such malt shall not amount to the rate of five gallons of- spirits for every, barrel of such malt, the difliller, over and aboveihe duty-of excise for such quantity of spirits as shall appear to have been made from such malt, shall in every such return be charged with such further sum as shall be equal to the duty on spirits, at the rate of five gallons of spirits for every barrel of- such malt, and such further sum shall be returned by the -officer of excise as a charge on such difliller, in the same manner

The thirty-eighth I7*ear of George III. 1017

as any duty on spirits is made a charge, and the same shall be A.D. paid at the same time, and under the like penalty as the duty of I ?9' J* spirits distilled by such distiller is by lary to he paid.

XXV. And whereas officers of the revenue in making the weekly returns required by law to be made by them, of the qurn-tities of spirits for which distillers are chargeable with duty, may ervoneously return lei’s quantities than Inch distillers ought to be chargeable with duty for, and the discovery thereof may not he made until after the time when the charge of such duty ought to be made, and it may be difficult to ascertain the particular week or weeks in which such duty was chargeable or accrued: be it enacted, That if any erroneous return or returns shall be made of any oiftiiic, quantity of spirits, for which any distiller ought to have been

charged with duty, within any period, the duty of such spirits re- cits in former

turned by such officer, shall be deemed, and taken to have accrued ‘"cr"rsjJ’n

in the particular week for which such return shall have been so "cc'; wlle"

1 . rearuicil.

made by such officer, and such return shall be a charge on such

distiller, for such week.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the ganger or other officer of . 0nJ*y!r»-

1 ^ lion of !u

excise, shall, at or alter the expiration of the license of every dif- '> £'«i-tiller, make a like return to the collector of the district, of all such maulltgli, quantity of spirits or strong waters, and of the duties thereon, as " with tile quantities comprized in former returns of Ij irits, distilled rater r«-by such distiller, during the time his or her license was of force, .... -.etc shall amount to the full quantities for which such distiller is by this ii,!,'£0"l'rl1' aft chargeable with duty, in respect of the quantity which his or > «'daly her stili or dills is or are capable of containing, for one hundred maJc; working days; and such return shall lie a charge on the distiller in the same manner as the aforesaid weekly return is by this act made a charge; and every such distiller shall he charged with, and be subject to the payment of the duties of the'quantities expressed in such return, during the period comprised therein, and shall nay the duty appearing by such return to have incurred, at such time as by this act any distiller is required to pay the duties comprised in any return of spirits distilled by him or her, or shall, for cverv dc- *>iniiters wi«»

fault, forfeit the film of twenty pounds, together with a liini equal th;:. m ucii to double the duty so returned by the gauger, or other ollicer ol J1 cxcil'c, to be -payable by such distiller.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the tender cr payment of any ikymci-t firm, (hurt of any duty returned by any officer of cxeife, to he ,f

payable by any diiiiilcr, shall not exempt such dilliiier from the <' < i>: >m

payment of any pat t of any penalty aforesaid. ' 1....

roi8

a. n

1798. CIl.ip. 5 I.

I’rsnfis li.ib'e to tlchu wd ilutici of Orel !r,: »1 pc usri’/rs incur- red 01 iilUN

lcri--f -.vli;rc

Xauml.

Utenfifs and spirits imy be fc’.v.cd when duty is three weeks in nrre.ir; and mav he fold if duty is not paid in 10 days after judgment; overplus to

twiiers.

In whit cases didiilers may replevin.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all (lills, worms, still-hcals, and other utensils and vessels for dillilling, used in any distillery, into whose hands soever ills fame shall come, and by what conveyance or title soever the fame flvdl be claimed, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all debts and duties of excise, which shall he in arrear, and owing by any person or persons fur any spirituous liquors made within such distillery, and shall also be fuhjcdl to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons using such distillery,- for any offence against the laws of excise; and it shall he lawful, in all cases, to levy such debts, duties, penalties and forfeitures, out of such utensils as it would he lawful to do, in case the diflilltr owing such debts and duties, and incurring such penalties and forfeitures, were respectively the real proprietor of such utensils.

XXIX. And to prevent distillers of spirits running in arrear for the duties of excise, and before judgment on any information for the penalties for not paying such duties can he obtained, from fe-creling or carrying away their diddling utensils, and the spirits dilfilled by them, be it enacted, That if any diflilfer of spirits shall suffer any duty of excise to remain due for three weeks after the fame ought to have been paid, it shall he lawful for the collector of excise of the district, by warrant under his band and seal, to empower any person or persons, to seize all coppers, stills, worms, still beads, and all other vessels and utensils for cliflilling, ufeil in any distillery belonging to such distiller so running in arrear, and all spirits in his possession, and to detain the fame until such difliller shall have paid such arrear of excise, and the penalties incurred by default of payment thereof; and if such excise and penalty shall not be paid within ten days alter judgment shall be obtained on any information for such penalties, alj such utensils and vessels, and spirits, shall be sold by publick cant by virtue of a warrant 011 such judgment; and if after payment of such arrear of excise and penalties, together with the colts and expences attending the recovery thereof, there shall be any surplus of the produce arising from the sale of such utensils and vessels, ami spirits, such surplus shall he forthwith tendered and paid to the dil-- tiller whole utensils, vessels, or spirits, shall be sold as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, That where any such feizureand detention shall be made, and the collector causing the same to be made, shall ndt within fourteen days after the making thereof, catife an information to be filed for the penalty for not paying the arrear of

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

excise alleged to be due, and shall not cause the same to be proceeded on in such manner as that judgment may be pronounced thereon, within thirlv-one days after the making of Inch feiztire, then, and in either of fitch cases, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the distiller whose utensils and vcillls, or spirits, shall have been so seized and detained, to retake the fame by virtue or replevin, in such manner as replevin may be made of any goods distrained for rent.

XXXI. Provided also, That where an" fitch fei/.ttre of spirits shall be made, it shall be lawful for the distiller, whose spirits shall have been so seized, to obtain permits for conveying away any of such spirits, upon his having paid to the collector towards tlil-charging such art car, the value of such spirits, as he shall desire to remove, and the fame may accordingly he removed.

XXXII. And whereas, by law, the returns made by gaugers to the commissioners, fub-commissioners, or col I eft or s of excise, on spirits difliiied, are a charge upo'ii dillillers, who are obliged to pay excil'e accordingly, in case such returns exceed what the distillers shall upon their entries charge themselves with, and not otherwise; therefore in order, as much as may lie, to prevent disputes concerning the duties charged by such returns upon distillers, and to guard against errors of the officers therein, be it enacted, That as often as any distiller shall ohjeft to the quantity of duly charged against him, in any return to be made by any officer, in pursuance of litis aft, such return shall be verified by the oath of such officer or officers as are competent thereto, to be made before one of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, and that such return is true and fair, according to the heft of his {kill and knowledge, and thereupon such return shall lie a charge upon the distiller disputing the fame, and not otherwise: provided always That such distiller shall not be at liberty to controvert fitch return or charge, and no officer shall be required to verify the same as aforesaid, unlvfs such distiller shall have made a regular weekly entry, or return, of the quantity of spirits by bint difliiied, and of the duties with which such distiller is chargeable, nor unless he shall have objected to the return made by the officer, within one week after the same shall have, been made.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller, after any license to keep a still or Hills, shall he granted to him or her, shall before he or (lie shall begin to work with fitch ftiil or Rills, give four days notice in writing, to the surveyor or gauger of the walk in which his or her distillery is carried oil, of the time when he or 12 II i flie

WilUKm

»<rt p.r-iiiitj lor ic> niov.il, on paving \tfuc

tCwMfil* t’if.

charge cf arte us.

When a dilollerob-to an olfic*.r*s return, he (halt not be chargeable, uni *f$ the officer Vviiia*:. hie rcr.rn on oath; but such uiftiUcr (hi!I not controvert such rerurn, unless he makes weekly ert-t; irr, and objects within it tvcik.

N ,t'e; to

[fi-uTv !i;

li'liihrs, of

ti u-s iv'yt!

i.,d when to

J 020 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

flic shall so begin to work j and that every distiller who shall intend 7L)S- to discontinue distilling, with all or any of his or her dill or dills,

may fr°,u time to time, after twenty-eight days, from the day of diteoniinue, unlocking such dill or dills respectively, as herein after mentioned, rtfcU. discontinue diddling with any such dill or dills, such distiller giving justice in writing, of Inch his or her intention, to the chief com-/nissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and to the colleiflor of the distritt, and the surveyor and gauger of the walk wherein such distillery shall be carried on, such notice to he delivered to them respectively, six days before the day such diRiller intends to discontinue, and requiring that his or her dill or dills, lo intended

to be discontinued from distilling, may be locked on a day therein . -named; and in case of a still of one thousand gallons content, or upwards, such notice, specifying that the works in which the fame; is let shall be taken down; and in case of a dill or dills, under one thousand gallons content, such notice, specifying that such dil-

tiller will cause the worm or worms thereunto belonging, to be dil-placed and removed out of the worm tubs; and thereupon, and up.

oil such distiller causing the works in which such Ail!-of one thousand gallons content, or upwards, shall he set to he taken down; and upon such distiller displacing and removing, or causing to lie , displaced or . removed, clear out of the worm-tub or tubs, the worm or worms to such dill or dills, under one thousand gallons; respectively belonging, and laying the fame, on the ground near ' the tub or tubs, in which the fame was or were fixed, it shall then . be lawful for the gauger or surveyor to firap down and lock, on the

head of every such dill or dills, so intended to be discontinued as aforesaid, and to lock the door of the furnace-grate, and flop and

aitlillers vvlio lock the discharge-cock or pipe of every such still or llills; and if do not do as tile surveyor or gauger, shall be prevented from so doing, by any ed', shall lie person at such distillery, or by means or the dillillery being locked, tlwHcll'niit a,bl no Pel'l"°n appearing.to give him entrance or orlierwife, or if - idwn noiict any still or-dills shall not be locked, or if the works in which the ( ane. dill, if of the content of ens thousand gallons or upwards, shall be set, shall not be taken down, or if the worm or worms belonging

to any dill or llills, under one thousand gallons content, shall not he displaced, removed, and laid down as aforesaid, or if Inch dii-tiller fluid omit so to deliver as aforesaid, any such notice as aforesaid, such diliiller shall continue to be charged with, and shall pay cxcil'e, as if lie had not given such notice to disconunue diddling with such Hill or llills.

102 1

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any distiller who Hull for a A. I), time discontinue distilling in manner aforesaid, and shall deiirc to 1798. let at work again, with any Hill or Hills so difeont'mucd, shall dc- Chap. $ i. liver to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, eight days

before the day he or Hie shall intend to begin to work again, and to to pvc notice the collector of the dillrict, and to the surveyor and ganger of the ", walk wherein fitch distillery shall be carried on, six days before the

' having tiu-

said day, notice in writing of the day on which be or (lie shall in- continual, v., tend to begin to work again with any such (fill or flills, and the cj'.c'" lra surveyor or gauger shall upon such notice open the Ioeks and fastenings of the still or dills of such dilliller which shall be mentioned in such notice, and suffer the worm or worms of such still or dills under one thousand gallons each content, which shall have been so removed, to be replaced, and shall charge him or hor -with excise as herein mentioned; and if any such difliller shall work any such sot. penalty still, without having delivered as aforesaid, every such notice, such (tilts without distiller shall forfeit for every such offence the (inn of twenty l"Ltl ml,la' pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if at any time subsequent to $ol. penalty twenty-four hours, after any still shall have been locked, or after n't’lt, work*, the time mentioned in such notice as aforesaid, of discontinuing

the working of any still, such still, or the works in Which it is 14hours Ocm or shall be let, shall he found warm.; and in case'of a dill under one thousand gallons content, if at any time subsequent to twenty- ^c*1, four hours after the worm thereunto belonging was removed out of the worm-tub, such worm shall he replaced, or if the worm-tub or water therein to any such still belonging, shall be found warm, the distiller in whole possession the same shall be so found,

shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, imless such still shall have been open upon a new declaration, in manner aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That when any officer -of excise ’

shall find any dill of any distiller of spirits, charged with wash of Oomcam liquor brewed from corn, such officer shall charge such distiller

with duty for as much spirits as one-ninth part of the content of every such still shall amount M4 or if any still charged with wash foils charged made from sugar, molasses, or -decayed wines, such officer shall irom moinffci charge such distiller with duty for as much spirit-s as one-sixth part of the content of such still or dills shall amount to,deducting one-seventh 'd 6‘h part of the whole content of every such (till for liberty for such f.^Th of con-still or (tills to work; and that when any officer of excise shall find jXad;1 any still -charged with low -wines extracted from corn, such officer Iow wine] shall charge such distiller with duty for so mnch spirits as two-fifth parts of the whole content of such still shall amount-to; or if j-jtaspiriti;' V-OL. XVIII. 12 C such

3.0 22

The thirty eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

Io;v wines from molasses vr decayed \n-c'., charged :* I halt

spirit', dc*

drifting 'l-tx'jt.

V/nen dlf-tillers refuse to declare what 13 dif-lilling, they shall be charged as if stills were . lilted with low wines;

such (till be charged with low wines made from sugar, molaffcs, or decayed wines, such officer shall charge such distiller with duty for as much spirits as one-half part of the content of such dill shall amount to, deducting one-twelfth part of the whole content of such still for liberty for such still to work.

XXXVII. And be it cnatted. That if any officer of excise 'shall find any still at work, and the distiller, or any person employed by’him or her,'shall refuse to declare what is then in ihc still, it.shall be lawful for such officer of excise to charge the distiller as if such 'still 'Was filled with low wines, and such distiller shall pay the duties accordingly; and if any distiller, or any person employed by him, shall shew the stock of fuclt distiller to the gauger, and shall declare any part of such distiller?6 stock to be faints, and that :it shall be found that nine-gallons thereof shall produce more than

penalty /or declaring any part of (lock to be faints,

y gallons of which shall produce more than 1 of fpi-

itts;

what shall be

done w,hen

distilUrs declare iVills are charged with faint*;

one gallon of proof spirits, then and in such case, all the liquors so declared as faints, or found concealed after declaration, shall be forfeited, and the person so offending shall forfeit twenty shillings for every three gallons thereof; and if any distiller, or his or her servant, shall declare that any still of such distiller is charged with or distilling faints, such distiller, or his or her forvant, shall at the request of such officer of excise, work off the contents of such still in the-presence and according to the direction of such officer, without flopping it, or causing it to run foul, and shall put the produce thereof into a vessel or vdfels capable of containing not less than one hundred gallons each, as such officer shall direct, -without wilfully wafting or destroying any part thereof, and if it shall he found that the produce of any such still shall amount to more proof

spirits than one-ninth part of the contents of such still, allowing one-seventh of the contents thereof for working, such distiller shall for every gallon of proof spirits so produced over and above the said ninth part, forfeit twenty shillings; the strength of such spirits, and such liquors as shall be declared as faints, to be determined by the hydrometer used for proving the strength of imported fpi-aol. penalty rits; and if it shall be found that cither salt, sugar, syrup, or any any KlSui S^ut*,lous matter, shall be mixed with any spirits, or any liquor dc-inatter, 10 clared as faints, so as to prevent their strength being known by the rtre'ngih of hydrometer, or otherwise, the distiller in whose custody such liquor bMgkimn, declared as faints, and so mixed, or such spirits so mixed, shall be and ipiriu found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, together with such 501. penalty liquor or spirits; and if such distiller, or his servant or servants, for refuting - shall rcfufa to work off such still, or shall stop itwhenfet to wori:,

to work such '

stili,.orde. or shall spill ordeltroy any of the produce, such distiller shall for-ri°" feit the sum of, fifty pounds.

3

xxxviii.

itff. yer cent, jjllnvtv'd out of duties on ivafh in flil'.soi ioco

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1023

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any offi- A.D. ccr of excise keeping an account of wall), pot-ale, and low wines

of any distiller, upon any decrease of wash made of liquor brewed or made from corn, to charge such distiller with as much spirits as Charges t». one-ninth part of the walh so decreased shall amount to, or with otE^rli for^ as many gallons of spirits as two-fifth parts of the lirft extraction from such walh called low wines, so decreased, shall amount to j sic, or low and upon decrease of any walh made from sugar or molasses, or decayed wines, to charge such distiller with one-sixth part as spirits, or with as many gallons of spirits as one-half of the lirft extradlion of low wines made from sugar, molasses, or decayed wines, shall amount to, and such distiller shall pay the duty so charged.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall make use of any Hill of the content of one thousand gallons, or upwards, shall on payment of the duties on all wadi diddled in every such dill, be allowed out of such duties, at the rate of sixteen pounds '-,l||0|'s- ‘mJ

* per cent.

per centum of such duties, and every distiller who shall make use of on 500 gal-

any.still of five hundred gallons, and under one thousand gallons, |0I"'

shall on payment of the duties on all wadi diddled in every such

Hill, be allowed out of such duties, at the rate of eight pounds

per centum of such duties.

XL. And to prevent difldlers from keeping their backs or vessels filled for many weeks, under pretence that their pot-ale or walh requires a length of time for the proper fermentation thereof, by which means they frequently work off the contents of such backs privately, and replace the fame with concealed pot-ale or Wafo nndc walh; be it enacted, That all pot-a]e or wadi made of corn, which shall not be diddled in seven days, including the day of brewing in 7 Jays, and the day of diddling, and all sugar-walh, or wash made of mol.fcw.iih molasses, which shall not he diddled in fourteen days, including " J tile day of breaking down the molasses or sugar with water, and and uih the day of diddling, and all wash made of sweet waters which t.cci wateri, shall not be diddled in seven days, including the day of receiving and the day of diddling the fame, shall be considered as new wash, diaii b;

; ,1 charged as

and charged with duty accordingly . (>CIV IV«() 1.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall keep in VcSili for

Icrnienting,

his or her possession, or shall make use of any back or other vef- ibafl com i.n fel for fermenting any pot-ale or wash, which shall not contain 1

four hundred gallons at the lead, or shall put into, or set in any 4=0 gallon, back, cooler, or other vessel, at any one time, a smaller quantity cou'er;'* of wort or pot-ale, or wash of molasses or sugar, than four hun- c<m'

» ‘ ° [dining iov

tired gallons, or make use of any vessel to contain low nines or &c. Anglings, which shall be of less content than the full charge of his hhflT.T 12 C 3 or uh'

ip2 4 7Vj<? thirty-eighih Year of George III.

A.D.

or her (till in which such low wines or Anglings shall he distilled, 1798.

or shall make use of a second vessel for putting low wines or fin* ’Chap.51. glings in, unless the first. shall be full of low wines orfinglings, fciiahy^oT1 on Pa*n of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for each and every of 10l. penally ' the said offences; and if any distiller shall make use of any (till opening in the A'all have any'hole or opening in the head or breast thereof,

llfad'auibrCall' tlnoush which the fame may be charged, such distiller shall for -every time such (lift'shall be used in distilling, forfeit the sum of "ten pounds.

'if.wifliof

XLII. And be it enacted, That no distiller so long as he or (lie ' roolaffM waih'^18^ have any 'va^' or l,ot-ale ’Of corn on hand, shall set, have, lie found at or keep any inolafles wash, and if any molasses wash, and walh . they shall be of pot-ale of corn, shall be found at the same time in any distil-soffo&ifed Iery> such wash mad pot-ale shall and may be spilled by any officer of the revenue, and the person in whole distillery or -possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XLIII. And for preventing distillers from taking in walb privately-prepared, and charging their stills in the officers absence.; ml. penalty bc enacted, That every distiller of spirits shall twenty-four hours ,;r [iours'vl £.at lead before receipt of any quantity of decayed wines, sugar tva-Intention to tcr> or any ot'ler fermented wash, into his distillery, gyve notice in

rcoiivo for- writing to the gauger or officer of excise in charge of fudh dif-ineiited walh.

tillery, of the particular quantity ofluch decayed wines, sugar water, or other kind-of fermented wash, and of the spedes thereof, and of the time when he or-flie intends to receive the same, upon pain of forfeiting for every time he or-flie shall neglect to give such notice, the funvof ten pounds.

DifliiUr to

XLIV. And be it enacted, That every-.dlftiller, his or her fer-owUoum vanr, who (halhfliew his or her flock to any officer, of.excise, shall C:'ltS nd Iy'count *he- calks of spirits, and declare the number thereof to the forfeited lor officer taking -an account of the fame.; and in case such distiller, not^orref- his-or her servant, shall refuse so to do, he or she shall forfeit for

pondingwith every such Offence - the sum of twenty pounds: and if after such declaraiion.

declaration as aforesaid, any of- the calks whiai shall have heen de-dared-to-contain spirits, shall be found to be empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing, faYe only spirits, or if more casks than one shall be found not to be 'full, or if a greater number of calks 'shall be found than have been so declared, such-distiller shall forfeit for every calk so found not corresponding with such declaration, the sum of five pounds.

M^cd'a

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any distiller shall in brewing iMd.'oi- or distilling make use -of any cooler which shall not he ferewed K;i'di z ' down,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 102$

down, or otherwise (aliened to beams iir:nJy fixed at both ends In A. I), the walls of his or her still-lumle or hmife tiled for brewing jxjt-ale, or in l'oiiie other firm or substantial work; or mail aker or fuller Chan 5 :. the level lititation or dippin'-place of any cooler or back by him or her made use of, or the beams that fiunp rl the fame, after having f ‘'l

beer, lo fixed as aforesaid, to be altered without having given four a,-.:',; -,

days notice thereof to the officer or gauger of the walk in which such distillery shall he carried on; or il any distiller shall use a f*1"!> cooler through the centre whereof there shall not be crofted, and of1"..',' couftantly kept fixed lengthways from one end to the other, a firm "jV;.1'J‘ frame or (lage of wood at lead eighteen inches in breadth, and of thickness sufficient to prevent the lame from bending or swinging, from which the officer of excise may gauge the liquor in such cooler; or if there shall not lie a firm hand-rail of the length of such Urge, and conveniently placed with respect thereto; or if h! iers m le-any distiller on the demand of any officer of excise made to him or her, or to the person attending to shew his or her Hock, shall not r.uhorro.n; furnish, or cause to be furnished, a strong and safe ladder, with steps four inches broad, or shall not have provided a hand-rail, or rope in the nature of a hand-rail conveniently placed with respect to such ladder, of length sufficient to enable such officer to afeend to Inch cooler, and fix the fame at the dipping-place thereof; every distiller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall for eol. pcnslw every such offence fotfdt the sum of twenty pounds. raKi

XLVI. And to prevent distillers from having coppers or vessels for brewing pot-ale, constructed so narrow at the inoiiths thereof that heads of stills can be placed thereon, by which such coppers or other vessels may be used as Hills; and to prevent them from placing such coppers or brewing vessels so near the worm-tubs as that the worms in such tubs may be eafdy applied to such coppers when used as stills; be it enacted, That if any distiller of fpi- Coppers rits shall make use of, or keep any copper or vessel for brewing month not-ale, the width whereof at the mouth shall be less than the ls 3tan('

L . oilier part,

width thereof in any other part of such copper or vessel, every such shall be fur-copper or vessel shall he forfeited and may he seized, and the per- 20i ' for. using or keeping the lame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any distiller shall have 01 keep any copper or other coppers, &c. vessel for brewing pot-ale, let or placed in any manner other than !° in such situation as that the ftiil or place where the same shall be F-naltyad. set or stand, shall be in a direct line between the place where Inch copper or other brewing vessel ftiail be set or (land, and the place where the worm-tub shall be set or /land; every such distiller for every time fufh copper or other brewing vessel shall lie found let Vol. XVIII. 11 r>

or

t026 I’hc iLirly-aghth Year of George III.

A.D.

or placed in any fitiu'.ion other than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the 1798. ^um of twenty pounds.

Chap. 51.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall keep his or

or her spirits togctlicr in a (lore or (lores in or adjoining to his or kept in regis- her distillery, which (lore or stores shall be registered with the col-niaiftll'tori lector of the distriil in manner herein before mentioned; and no feited, ami didiiler shall make life of any place for keeping his or her spirits

20s. per gal- , ' ’ 0 n

ft ti which shall not have been so registered; and if any spirits mail be

found in any (lore or (lores, of which such registry as aforesaid shall not have keen made, all such spirits shall be forfeited, and jnay he fejzcd, and the distiller or distillers to whom the fame

shall belong, shall forfeit for ever)’ gallon of such spirits twenty shillings.

sizes rnd

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller whose distillery (tore elk:, is Or shall be situated in the city of Dublin, or within two miles penalty 20l. Qf t]le cast]e of Dublin, shall (lore or keep his or her spirits in calks of the content of not less than one hundred gallons each; and every distiller whose difliilery is, or shall he innate in any other part of this kingdom, shall (lore or keep his or her spirits in calks not less than hogsheads; and every distiller shall place and keep all his or her calks and vessels in which any spirits shall be (lored or

TDiflillers not to mix unmahccl corn, not chagoil wrh duty, or mc.il of cuts or wheat, with malted corn, or brew, &c. from such;

not to 4>llil spirits from such j

penalty 40l. and all tuch corn, spirits, Ac. forfeited

kept, or jvhich fiuill.be made life of in diddling, in convenient (itua-tions, with their dipping-place uppermost, and ealy of access, and in such manner that the officers of excift. may readily and effectually take the gauge thereof; and every such distiller shall forfeit the funvof twenty pounds for every default or neglqdt in any of the said respective cases.

XLIX. And be it cnadlqd, That if any distiller of spirits shall mix, or suffer to be mixed any unmalted corn or grain, ground or unground, or which had not been charged with the duty on malt, or any meal of oats or wheat malted or-unmalted with any ground or unground malted corn, in preparing for, or brewing, making, or fermenting any wadi or pot-ale for the making of spirits, or shall brew or make any wash or pot-ale for diddling spirits from unmalted corn, or corn which had not been charged with the duty on malt, mixed or unmixed with malt, or from any malt made of oats, mixed or unmixed with any other corn or grain ground or . unground; or shall distil, or suffer to be diddled any spirits from any such wash or pot-ale as aforesaid; . or if any such. mixed corn or malt made of oats ground or unground, or any kind of meal from any corn which had been charged with the duty on malt, shall be found in the distillery, or in any other place in the possession cf any distiller; every fugh distiller shall for every such offence forfeit

2 forty

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 102"

forty pounds; and all such corn ground or unground, and meal, A.D. waft, and spirits, and the bags, calks, or vessels containing the '79^-fame shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and upon the proof 10 lie trial of any information for the said penalty or forfeiture, the JJojtrUa'i proof shall lie on the defendant or claimant, and not on the person prosecuting such information; and if any ground oats or oatmeal above the weight of eight Hones shall be found in any diflillcry or s Hones, (lore, or other place thereto belonging, the same shall be forfeited ^,1=11,'".* and seized as aforesaid, and the distiller in whose distillery or (lore the same shall be found, shall forfeit twenty pounds. 20l.

L. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall brew small

’ on aiitilicri

beer or ale for sale -, and it shall be lawful for any officer |J' brewing

b«:cr or ale

of excise, to charge with duty as pot-ale and wash for the purpose of distilling all malt liquors in the possession of any distiller; and in case any such distiller shall neglect to declare such small beer or ale, or malt liquors, as pot-ale, then and in such case such distiller shall be subjctl to the several penalties to which distillers arc liable for making a short declaration, or concealment of wash.

LI. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall, on any visit made by any officer of excise, supply every such nishing offi-officer on demand with lights sufficient for the purpose of lights, searching and gauging all the flock on hand belonging to such distiller, as well by day as by night, on pain of forfeiting for every such neglect the sum of five pounds.

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any 0Sc'!1

J m»y visit

officer of excise to visit in the day time the sugar-houses fog w bakers belonging to any sugar-baker, and there to take an account counts of of all sugar wash, and upon any decrease afterwards found Ca&1,v"a" therein, such sugar baker shall be charged by such officer with, and shall pay the duty payable upon wash of molasses by distillers of spirits, unless the same shall be found to have been fold and delivered to a licensed distiller.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all sugar wash found at any sugar bakers within twenty-four hours after it shall be taken from flic ciRern, and not declared to the officer of excise, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

LIV. And be it enacted, That every unlicensed distiller, TJniicensed

J_pi nuns with

and cverv person, except a brazier, having an unlicensed whomfliiis still in his possession, and every retailer of, or dealer in more than 4. spirits for sale, or other person not having a license to keep

j 2 D 2 a still, out permits,

£028

A.D. 1798. Chap^i.

or vessels for making spirits, shall be to

penalty;

And all such may be fuzed.

Chymifls, Src. may lie licensetl to diJlill medicinal or cordial wateis,on entering into bonds, ns herein.

Commissioners may license 12 gallon Hills, for medicinal waters or experiments.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

a dill, in ivliofc enstody shall be found any mrmlilv r.f spirits exceeding four -aliens, except spitits for which a permit shall be produced, nr in whose enstody, house, offices, or tenements, any vessels for making spirits, or snr wafll, pot-ale, or low wines, or Anglings, shall be found, shall be deemed a person making ufo of such vessels for elf-tilling spirits, and concealing, or not declaring such spirit'. wash, pot-ale, low-wines, or iinglings, as shall be found, and shall be subject to the respective penalties to which distillers are liable for using private vessels for making spirits, or for keeping in private or unregistered (lores, or for concealing or not declaring (pints, walh, pot-ale, low wines, or ling-lings; and all such vessels and spirits, wailt, pot-ale, low wines, and singlings, shall be forfeited and seized.

LV. And be it emitted, That it shall be lawful, for any commissioner of excise, or any collector of excise within his dilmtt, upon application for that put-pole, to grant, without any fee, a license to any chymist, apothecary, or druggist, to keep or make use of one or more dill or dills, of such ditnenftons, and no other, as shall be specified in such license, for dillilling medicinal, compound, or cordial waters, only; which license shall be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September following; provided that before any such license shall be granted, every chymist, apothecary, and druggist, applying for the fame, shall, previous to the issuing thereof, enter into a bond to his Majesty, with one or more surety or ltireties, in the sum of one hundred pounds, conditioned that he or she shall not distill or fell any spirits whatsoever, (other than and except medicinal, compound, and cordial waters,) nor lend or let out any such still to any person whatsover; and in case the condition of any such bond shall at any time he broken, the license granted thereupon, shall, immediately after judgment had, be null and void.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise, or any. three or more of them, to grant licen-fes to such persons as they Jliall think proper, to keep and make use of one or more still or dills, black-pot or black-pots, at their diferction, not exceeding twelve gallons content, each, for the dii-tilling of medicinal waters, or for making experiments and dilco-veries in natural philosophy; and every still which shall be found in, the pofledion of any chymist-, apothecary, or druggist, or other person for which such license as aforesaid shall not he produced , shall be forfeited and may be-seized.-

1 ‘ LVIII. And.

10 2 0

1 he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

J, YII. And be it enacted, That if any distiller of spirits, his A.D. wife or child, or his or her Tenant, or any person acting in his or her distillery, shall refuse or not fuller any officer of cxeile to enter into his or her house, out-house, store, or other place what- f 3oi-r'»a!iy soever, where any part of the business of distilling is canicd on, t« ;,n oiii^T’ or where any spirits are kept, or if any such officer having entered,

shall not be permitted to remain therein, to gauge the vedlls, and take an account of Hod; of Inch distiller, or of any liquor or ingredients used, or ready to be used in dillilling, and to see the whole dillilling completely finished, and to take an account of the liquors distilled, or in the process ot dillilling, every such distiller shall, for every such oflence, respectively, forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That as often as any officer or officers ;ol. Pm.-iiy of cxeile, shall be admitted into the distillery or work-house, store, or any other place belonging to any distiller of spirits, such I"1"' distiller, or his wife or child, or the person who shall admit such more be officer or officers, or other person employed in such distillery, shall, on demand of any such officer, shew or cause to be shewn to such zoi- f"r

cvciyogal*

officer or officers, all the llock on hand, of wadi, pot-ale, spirits, Ions of .»jib,

singlings, or low wines, belonging to such distiller, and give or j gaiioln of5"

cause to be given to such officer a declaration of the fame: that is "ls'"8s>al’1* o 1 tot. loi every

to say, that the llock so shewn is all the Hock of, or belonging to gallon of such distiller, on pain of fifty pounds, to be forfeited by such dif- ‘ tiller, for every time lie or (he, or any other person in his or her employment, in his or her distillery, shall refuse or omit on demand to Ihctv or cause to be shewn such flock, or to make such declaration as aforesaid; and if any officer or officers ot excise,

shall, upon search, discover any wadi, pot-ale, spirits, singlings, or low wines, of the (lock then on hand, belonging to, or in the distillery, or other place belonging to such distiller, or of any person for his or her use, which shall not have been fltetvn or declared as aforesaid, or which shall be in any place or llore not regiflcred as aforesaid, then all such wadi, pot-ale, spirits, singlings, or low wines shall be forfeited; and such distiller shall forfeit for every nine gallons of wadi or pot-ale, the sum of twenty shillings, and for every three gallons of singlings or low wines, the like sum of twenty shillings, and for every gallon of spirits, the like sum of twenty shillings.

LIX. And whereas distillers of spirits frequently make use of Pahn^ad-places adjoining their own houses or diflillcrics, for the purpose nSs who of clandestinely brewing, dillilling, or concealing their wafc, sing-

\r0L. XY111. 12 F. lings, frarch, in the

day, forfeit

5©u

I£>3P

A.D. 1798. Chap. 51.

Officers may break open such house or stores, in

day, and in presence of a constable, -if no pcirfon attends: and if no liquor be found they shall repair , damages.

5 cl. Penalty where places forced communicate with diilil* lerics, and entrance is not given to officers on demand.

Hours appointed for fending (pints from difillers.

sol. penalty.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. lings, or spirits, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if the owner or occupier of any house, (lore, or other place adjoining to, cr in the neighbourhood of the dwelling-house or distillery of any distiller of spirits, or of any servant of the owner or occupier of any such house or place, shall not, on demand of any officer of excise made in the day time, admit such officer, or shall not allow him to;enter and search such house, store, or place for liquors or materials for distilling, which any such officer shall have reasonable or probable cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein such occupier of such house or other place, shall in every such case, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LX. And be it enacted, That if no person shall attend or appear in such house, store, or place as aforesaid, to give entrance to such officer, it shall be lawful for such officer and his assistants, in the day time, in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, to break open, enter, and to make search in such house, store, or place for such liquors, as aforesaid, which lie-or they may have reasonalile or probable cause to liispect to be fraudulently concealed therein; provided always, that if upon search no such liquor shall be found, such officer or officers shall repair all the damages done, or make reasonalile satisfaction for the same, to the owner or occupier of the premises.

LXI. And be it enacted,' That if the house, store, or place broken or forced, shall immediately communicate with any distillery, or any part of the premises thereunto belonging, and the distiller owning such distillery, or the person who shall flievv the stock of such distiller, shall not on demand made, give entrance to . any such officer or officers, then, and in every such case, such distiller Avail forfeit the litm-of fifty pounds.

LXII. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall deliver or carry out any spirits, to any person in calks, or by the gallon, without notice first given to the officer of excise, for the place or . division where such distiller shall live, to the intent that such offi-, cer may. bc present to fee and gauge such spirits, unless from the twenty-ninth day of September, to the twenty-fifth day of March,

: in each year, between the hours of five of the clock in the morning, and tight in the evening, and from the twenty-fifth day of March, to the nine and twentieth day of September, in each year, between the hours of three in the mo.trning, and nine in the even-‘ing, upon pain that every distiller doing contrary hereunto, (ha! forfeit fur.every offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

4

fi.a’l be liable to ju-tiaj-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1031

LXIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall, within the A.D. said respective hours of each day of the said respective months in every year, either attend in person and admit, or cause some person to attend in person, and admit the officers of excise, and their Dimi'er-t*

_t . admit nthcers

amstants, into their diUillenes or ltores, and permit them to view U»u»;n laid

the fame, and gauge, and to take an account of the liquors con- Js'ai"

tained therein, as often as any of such officers shall attend, and ga"g', penal-1 , iy

require to he admitted wiihm the times, and in the manner herein before mentioned j and in case any such officer shall not get admittance, after having demanded the (lime, and declared his and their name and business, and after having waited for the space of an half hour after such demand made at the gate or door of any distiller, through which such officer hath been usually admitted, such distiller shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for every such offence.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That as often as the trade of diddling DMm shall be exercised, or carried on by, or in the name, or for the use cf n of any person, under the age of twenty-one years, such person shall he liable to the payment of all duties of excise, and of all pe- &c-nalties and forfeitures that may he incurred, and became payable by any law relating to the excise, and he subject to such regulations and restrictions, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if such person was adult, and of full age.

LX.V. And be it enacted, That no distiller of spirits, shall have or keep, or permit to be kept, any fire under any dill in his dif- keeping fire tillery, between the hour of ten in the afternoon on any Saturday, and the hour of four in the morning, on any Monday, on pain of s'‘tu:tinJr

r_, ._0 . . J 1 afternoon,

forfeiting for every such offence the sum of hity pounds. ami + on

LXVI. And be it enacted, 'I hat every distiller shall keep in his or her distillery, such minute-book as shall he delivered to such distiller, by the surveyor, or other officer of excise, which hook iilmflAnbe shall be fafelv kept by every distiller, and in which such officer or li;TI.nl ,!l,f‘

1 ' 7 tslVnts (or

officers Hull make true entries of a)) the times of his nr ihcirvifit- ‘-iHa-r;-to ing such distillery, and of all such other paiticuhus' iv! uive t;. the almc!’ (late and' condition of such distillery, as he or they shall find ueccffiiry and expedient, or as he or they shall he dir.-dted by any superior officer to enter therein; and such distiller shall on the f, Kh I cnW to twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth dav of fune, the 1,1 fuqim-t-.venty-ninih day of September, anti the twemv-filth dav of December, in every year, transmit such book' to the office o' the c:-aminator of excise, in case such uifiiiur resides in me county, or county of the city of Du >li:i, and in ca e fuvh dililf.r re id.s eife-wh.ra, to the collecter of the districl; and in case stsv difiliicr to li D a

wli j m

1032 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

whom such book dial] he tendered by any officer of excise, shall

179^ refllfc to receive the same, or having received the fame, shall wil-

tear’ deface, or alter such hook, or caul'e the same to he torn, iliiiiaers who defaced, or altered, or shall make, or cause to be made, any en-btwks/or1 try therein; or in case such distiller, or any person employed by tcrfuch"a!" '’*ln 01 ^icr to atten<^ ^‘‘s or ^el distillery, shall, at any time when make cutrus required by any officer of excise, rcflile to produce such book, or reSfcto pro- to deliver the same to the officer for the purposes aforesaid, or shall region w’ °F to- transmit such book to the office of the examinator of

traiifjnit, excise, or collector as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, forfeit aocl. (]j(jj||er for cvcry J'uc|, offence, forfeit the sum of two

hundred-pounds.

Persons

LXVII. And be it enacted, That no person shall harbour, keep, coltceaLnn" or conceal, or shall knowingly permit to be harboured, kept, or fOT whid)' concealed, or shall give any aid, aflifiance, or reward to any per-duty has not son or persons, to harbour, keep, or conceal in any ho life, out-whoiSli’ or hottfe, turf-stack, hay-rick, or other place or places whatsoever, rorfriTjl'1*" any spirits, low wines, iinglings, walk or pot-ale, which shall and such may have been unlawfully made or dillilied, and wherof the duties due and payable thereon, -shall not have been paid or secured according to law; and if any person shall offend in the premises, then, and in any of the said cases, every such person who shall give ailif-tance to, or aid in any of such concealments, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and all such spirits, low- wines,.singlings, walk,

and pot-ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

to’, tu be.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That where any (fill not licensed

recovered , y

from the ir.- as aforesaid, has been, or mall be seized in any county of a city, amriiiu.vc. or county of a town, or the liberties thereunto belonging, the sum oi'1. cT 'y twenty Pouncls shall I)c recovered from the inhabitants of the pa-town wfieic rifli, or part of the parish or union, or extra parochial place, in L: such county of a city, or county of a town, in which such ftiil has

where lazed been, or shall be seized; and where such- Hill has been, or shall atitrgcl^ he seized in any county at large, then the sum of ten pounds shall h°b !'uf be recovered from the inhabitants of the town, or townland, in irw Ui'd; such county , at large, in which Inch (fill has been, or shall be turn urns, seized in the manner herein after mentioned; and such fmns, when recovered, shall be applied as herein after mentioned, that is to say, one moiety of every such sum, deducing the costs of recovering the lame, as shall be recovered on account of any ftiil, seized in the county of tile city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or county of Dublin, shall be paid to the treasurer of the Iioule of imiuftry, in Dublin, for the life of the said house, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized such ftiil; and

2 one

The.

Certificate# to be given bj

commifliGn-ers, or lub-com. where

thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1033

one moiety of every such Aim, over anti above such colts as afore- A. I>. faitl, which shall be recovered on account of any (till seized in any 1798. other part of this kingdom, shall he paid to the treasurer of the Chap. 51. public infirmary, or hospital, for the county in which such hull r.onUcmtu-iluill he seized, for the use of such infirmary or hospital, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized the fame; pro- apo-aUtron vided always, that such still shall have been condemned on an in- JW-S"!C" formation in the excise office of the district, in which the same shall lie seized; and provided also, that in cases where there shall have been any claim, the time for appealing from any judgment of the chief commissioners, or fub-commissioners, condemning luck Hill, shall have clapsed, or the sentence of condemnation he affirmed, before any proceedings shall he had, for recovery of the said Anns.

I.XIX. And lye it enabled. That the fa’ul commissioners, or fiib-commissioners of the diliri& in which such still shall be condemned, shall give a certificate, setting forth the particular city, town, or county, and parish, or union, or part of a p*rifli or Hills are con-union, extra-parochial place, or liberty, totvn, or town-land where such still was seized, and the name of the person who seized the fame, and that such still hath been condemned, pursuant to law, and at what time the fame had been condensed, and whether such still had been claimed by any person or persons, and if claimed, whether any appeal had been brought against such condemnation, and if such appeal shall have been brought, whether the sentence of condemnation had been affixed.

LXX. l’rovided always, That no such certificate shall be gram- Slrell ed, unless it shall have been proved, on the hearing or trial of the information, on which such condemnation was had, that eight ti, untcls it days previous to such hearing or trial, notice of the time and place of such hearing or trial was posted on the church of the parish or union in which such still had been seized; or if seized in any heron; place, not within a parish or union, or any place where there shall not he a parish church, that such notice was left at the dwelling houlci of two inhabitants of such place, not being revenue officers, which notice shall also specify the time and place of the seizure of the still therein mentioned: arnl the chief commissioners,

7 ' per om dfr-

or fub-commissioners, respectively, who shall hear or try such in- iirnui iu jive formation, shall cause any person or persons who hall desire the -r;all, ilmil lame to be sworn, to give true evidence on such bearing or trial; *>c l',0, D ’ ami if it shall appear that any fraud or coihilion was prafiifed, for ifcuiblion unfairly subjefling the inhibitanU of ar.y parish or union, part of certificase: parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place, or of any town, fluti be given.

Vol. XVIII, i;r or

appeal to be brought at next; fli'/.ts or feffiuns.

Certificate of condemnation shall be lufhciont evidence, and plaintilt llull recoverthcic-on, m.l.-is fraud is proved.

Inhabitants at to be np.nii.elied n juries to 7 culluiiou.

When defendants pav. plaintiff, shall give receipts, if required, upon backs of decrees.

The thirty-eighth Year of_ George III.

or town-land, to the sum by this act to be recovered, for the still seized therein, then, and in such case, no certificate shall be given.

LXXI. And be it cnatted, That the said respective films fnali -be sued for, and recovered in the name of" such person, as shall sue for the same, by civil bill, before the going judges of assize, for the respective counties within which such still or Hills shall he found, respectively, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or the chairman of the sessions for the county of Dublin, as to all Hills ifound as aforesaid, within the said places respectively; expressing

particularly the cause of action, am! that the lame is founded on this act of parliament, and the place where the unlicensed still was seized,; and to be brought against any three inhabitants of, or occupiers of land, in the parish or union, 'extra-parochial, or other place or town-land, in which such still hath been, or shall he seized; and in the same manner as any debtor demand of the fame amount may be sued for and recovered by civil bill; provided that no appeal shall be brought from any decree, on any such civil hill, uiilcfs the same shall be brought before the holding of the next ensuing assizes, or sessions of the peace, as the cale may be.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid certificate of condemnation of any such still Hull he sufficient evidence-to entitle the plaintiff in such civil bill, to sue for, and recover the sum for which such civil bill shall he brought, pursuant to this act; and such plaintiff- shall thereupon obtain a decree for the fame, with the cods allowed by law in such cases, against liich inhabitants cr occupiers of land, as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved on behalf of such inhabitants or occupiers, that fraud or collusion was praciiled by the person who seized such still, for the purpose of subjectnig the inhabitants or occupiers of land in the parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place or town, or town-land, to such penalty.

LXXIII. Provided always, That if the judge or recorder, or chairman, who shall try such civil bill, shall find it neccdary to impanntl a jury, to try the fall of collusion, no inhabitant or occupier of land in the parish or part of the parish or union, or extra-parochial place, or of the town or town-land, in which still, shall have been seized, shall be capable of serving as a juror, on any jury so impannelled.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That if the defendants in such civil bill, or any of them, shall pay the sum decreed thereon, or if focli sum shall be levied by virtue of any decree on such civil bill, the plaintiff therein, shall, if required by the defendant" or defendant I who

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1035

who shall have paid such sum, or from whom the same shall have A.D. been levied, give such defendants or defendant, a receipt upon the '79^-back of such decree for the sum so paid or levied, and upon such Chap.£^. defendants or defendant depositing the fame with the treasurer of w],c|, ;,j,cn the city, town, or county, in which the parish or union, part of a parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land focr., ifc.i'.l

' bf collected

shall lie, in which such Hill shall have been seized, such treasurer i,tt. pawl

shall, and he. is hereby required immediately, after the next fol-

iowinc Easter or Michaelmas term, if such parish or union, extra-

‘ in pay oc-

parochial, or other place, town or town-land, shall he fittiated ill faclanu the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, or if in any other part of this kingdom, immediately after the next following affixes, to ifltie his warrant to such person as shall then be empowered to collect any monies presented by the grand jury of the county of a city, county of a town, or county at large of the place where- such dill shall have been seized, authoring fitch collector to collect and levy from the inhabitants or landholders of the parish or union, or part of a parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land, in which such dill shall have been seized, the sum appearing by fuel) decree and receipt to have been decreed and paid or levied, together with such poundage or receiver’s fees for his own use, as such collector is entitled to on collecting any other public money, in the same manner as if such sum had been presented by the grand jury of the county, and such collector shall have the fame power to proceed in the appointment of such sum on the inhabitants or land-holders of the parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land, and to levy the same in the same manner as any money presented by the grand jury of the county; and every fuel) collector shall be accountable for the fame, in the same manner as for any public money for which he may be accountable, and such treasurer shall pay the money so levied to the defendants or defendant in the civil bill, who shall have paid the money decreed thereon, or from whom the same shall have been levied, and such treasurer shall be liable and compellable to pay the same, in the same manner as any public money presented to be pa:! to any person or persons.

LXXV. And in order to reimburse the several inhabitants or Land-hiW-iand-holders, from -whom ar.v money shall have been raised, by ers n~

' . . J cover from

virtue of such warrant from any treasurer as aforesaid, the money owner# of

paid by them respectively; be it v.iacled. That it shall and may be

dawful for every inhabitant and land-holder who shall have paid

any such money at any time within three years, from the time of

collecting the lame, to hi.- by cl-.il hill, the p-wfon who was the

1:. 1 2 owner

!0^6 The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

All fines, &c. not otherwise provided, shall he recovered and applied as by 14 and 15 Cha. 2. with like remedy of appeal.

in force to 241!* June, 1709, and end of next fil&oiu

owner of the still on account of which such money was so 'levied, or in whose tenement the fame was seized, for the money paid Ly them respectively, on account thereof; and every such inhabitant or land-holder shall recover and levy the same in the same manner ’’ as any debt or demand in ordinary cases recoverable by civil bill may be recovered and levied.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and except such as are by this act otherwise provided for, shall and may be filed for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament, made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth ami fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, S/n act for the settling of the excise, or new itnpof, upon his Majtly, his heirs andftcccjfors, according to the book of rates therein inserted-, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually to all intents, c'Onltruftions and purposes, as If the fame were particularly mentioned and expressld, and rc-enacted in this act; with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as ill and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, is provided.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to he of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. LII.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Mnjefj s Revenue, by Refltjiers of Spirits.

FOR regulating the trade of a rectifier of spirits distilled in this kingdom, and to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue, by persons exercising the said trade; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hull-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. I0J7

tired and ninety-eight, no person shall keep any bill for rectifying A. K. or compounding spirits or drong waters, utilcl's he shall have taken ryyS. out alicense for keeping the fame, in m inner by this act directed, ^naffi fg* and if any person shall keep, or life any Hill for rectifying or com-' luftifi. is pounding I'piiits or llrong waters, without having such liceufe in "j.j' T-force, he or die shall forfeit thefuin ol‘ fifty pounds, ami every inch ' dill shall be forfeited, and may be fei/.ed. ii,:.-j.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth loom 24. day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred ami ninety- IJaai'S-r nine, no person shall he lieenfed to keep any Hill for rectifying or compounding spirits, the body of which, exclusive of the head, mmhbr shall not be capable of containing eighty gallons at the lead, and that the true content of such dill, shall he expressl’d in such license, and if any dill shall be found in the poUcdion of any reftificr or compounder of spirits, for which such license shall not be produced on demand made by any' officer of excise, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any odicer of his Majedy’s rcvc-

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of his M.ijedy’s commini-revenue of excise, or any three or more of them, Iliad and may |"3y grant Iicenfes ter persons to keep a diil or dills to rectify and com- «.(«> pound spirits and drong waters, and t'ne several collectors of this nU}. deliver

Sot.

kingdom, diall, and may upon payment of a sum, at the rate of "P fifty shillings for every ten gallons, which every inch Ptil! is capa- *- ‘-lcly ble of containing, together with a fee of 0:1c shilling in the pound for their own use, deliver such iicenfes to the several persons who "j!16 diall be named therein, and all such Iicenfes shall continue of force lol,til' for one year for the granting thereof: provided always,'that the fr om'utnc t>f said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, may until the said sr'ml,!'8 > twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and nine- ""!l *+J"ne« ty-nine, license any dill for rectifying or compounding spirits, of unae. so not less ilian forty gallons content, in manner as such dills might bc'tonf"d5 heretofore be lieenfed.

IV. Provided always, That persons in partnership, and carrying 1J>J"!’er, J on the aforesaid trade and business in one house or place only, shall i> not be obliged to take out more than one license for carrying on 1

Itcorf.-w

such trade, and that no one license which shall lie grained by virtue of this act, shall authorize or empower any person or persons, to whom the same shall be granted to didil, rectify, or compound any e! VaJ’i'1' spirits, in any ^rher house or place, than the hotll'e or place described in such license.

Vox,. XVIII. . 12 G

spirits found in places not mentioned in fych entries, Hull be forfeited, and 2oi. for each place.

Reftifiers to.hive their names printed over their doors, as herein direct-. cd, penalty tool, for_each place.

Ybs thirty-eighth Year of George III.

V. And be it enacted, That no person licensed to keep a dill for rectifying or compounding spirits, shall make or distil spirits, from corn, or molasses walh, or any other material, from which spirits in the first instance may he extracted; and if any wash, or other such material shall be found at any distillery, Licensed for rectifying or compounding spirits, the same shall be forfeited, and may he seized, anti the rectifier or compounder, at whose distillery the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any officer of excise shall tlifeover at the dill-hoitfe of any rectifier or compounder of spirits, any walh or singlings put into, or mixed with spirits, in any dill of any such reftilier or compounder, such rectifier or compounder shall, for every fitch offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That every rectifier and compounder of spirits, shall make true and particular entry in writing, under his or her hand, with the colkftor of the didrift, of every dill-house, dore-house, ware-house, diop, cellar, vault, or other place, intended to he tiled by him or tier, for rectifying or compounding, doting or keeping spirits, and if any spirits shall he found in any place belonging to any reftilier or compounder, of which such entry shall not have been made, all such spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such rectifier or compounder, shall, for every place so used by him, and not entered as aforesaid, forfeit twenty pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That every rectifier and compounder of spirits, shall cause to be painted, his, her, or their name or names, surname, or furnatnes, and the words reftilier or compounder of spirits,' as the case may he, and shall preserve the fame, in large legible characters over the outside of the outward door cf each and every still-Iioufe, flore-house, ware-house, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place, by him, het, or them respectively made use of, for the rectifying, compounding, storing or keeping of spirits, upon pain of forfeiting for every (lill-house, store-houl'c, warc-house, Jliop, cellar, vault, or other place, which shall be so made life of, by such rectifier or compounder, without having the said words painted as aforesaid, the Ann of one hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall not have

20C>1. pt*

n^Uy on per- p^(|c such entry as aforelaiiL of all the places by him or her

son> ulio have / ’ 1

" icClin-T or coni pounder/’ so painted, without

making Inch

CUtl)*.

ule of, lor making or keeping of spirits, shall paint, or cattle to be painted over the door of any place to him or her belo sg ng, the words reftilier or compounder of 1'piiils, or either of them; every perlba lb offending, shall forfeit the lutn of two hundred pounds.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1039

IX. And be it enacted, That ifanv person licensed to rectify or A.D. compound spirits, shall receive or l>uv, or procure, or employ any 1 ~T-person to receive or buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their life, any I'niri:* (except at publick tales of such liquors as have lo.-t.iiers been condemned ami sold at custom-house files,) from any perlim orbwfpaits other than a distiller duly licensed to diltil, or a person licenicd as a jjfUt fedor, for the tale of spirits, every person so offending shall for t,ller. Dr every fitch offence, forfeit the film of fifty pounds; and all fitch cepi«’rub-spirits which shall he received into any still-lioule or other place of any redilier or compounder of spirits, for which fitch nermit for 501- ,nd ¥

i , 1 rits fr.ruhich

the conveyance thereof, as is by law required, shall not on de- permits or

mand of any officer, be produced, or a certificate in lieu thereof, ^"01^-

shall be forfeited, and may he seized. ductd’ !,hall

' . be used.

X. And be it enacted, That no reflilier or compounder of fpi- only one rits, shall ule or keep any opening, lived pipe, or other convey-

ance whatever, leading to or from any Hill, to him, her, or them charging belonging, other than and except one charging pipe, and the dif-

charging cock to such still belonging; or tile or keep any pipe or no convey

1 1 ' -mz' f,o:"

conveyance communicating with the end of the worm, to any woimioilill

such still, by which spirits might be drawn off to any vessel, other ],lJ||.l."c °'’e" than the open safe for receiving such spirits; and if any redilier or 1K.nai, .^l, compounder of spirits, shall have or keep any such opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance, except as aforesaid, he or fl:e shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That every redilier and compounder of spirits, shall at his or her own expence, find, provide, and affix kr.sml fuliicient locks, keys, and fastenings, to he approved of in writing) releYof by and under the hand of the surveyor of excile of the walk in lurvi70r!> which such redilier or compounder shall reside, to the discharging

cock and furnace door and head of every still to him or her belonging; anil in case any such redifier or compounder shall not provide and so affix the same as aforesaid, the surveyor of excise (half provide such locks, keys, and fastenings, and cause the same to be affixed as aforesaid, and such redifier or compounder shall pay for the fame; and the officers of excise shall and are hereby re- ol,:ccrs10

Jdwjw COCtCS

quired to lock and feettre Inch dill-barging cocks and furnace doors , an.l Krii»CC* and keep them so locked and secured at all times, except when k<" such still shall be charged and prepared to he set at work in manner herein after mentioned, and shall during the time such still shall be at work, lock and keep secured the head thereof; and if any redilier or compounder shall rectify or compound spirits, before he or flic shall have provided and affixed fufiieieiit ke^s, leeks and 12 G 2 fastenings

1040 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

faftetiings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every such discharg-179^' ing cock and furnace and head, to every still to liim or her belong-Chap. 5 2. ing) according to the direction herein given, or shall refuse to pay rcMcrTwiio for any such locks, keys, or faftemngs, he or flie shall for every d,d"°oc'-°' ^uc*' 0^ence> forfeit the film of fifty pounds.

uc. before

XII. And be it enacted, That where any locks, keys, or faf-crlolof' tellings, shall be provided in pursuance of this act, every redlifier pav for such. or compounder of spirits, to whom such locks, keys, and fasten-Loeb, ings shall-belong, shall at his or her expence from time to time,

' f it-’"'1 "’l,en required so to do, ,by the surveyor of excise of the walk in

be repaired . which he or file shall reside, cause to be altered, repaired, and drfireoffur1.- amended, within a reasonable time, according to such requisition, naity^oT" evei7 lock, hey, and fastening, so provided and affixed, to every; still and charging-cock, furnace grate and head, belonging to, or: lifed by such redlifier or compounder of spirits;' and if any such i redlifier or compounder of spirits, to whom any such locks, keys, and fastenings, or any or either-of them shall belong, shall neglect or refuse when thereunto required, to cause the same to be altered, repaired, or amended, within a reasonable time, he. or flic shall for every such.neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

50l.penalty Xlif. And be it enacted, That no redlifier or compounder of

: or Vi'rteninjf& spirits, shall rivet or otherwise fallen, or -suffer to be riveted, or charting or othcnv'fe fattened, any key into any charging or discharging cock, discharging of any still, of or belonging to or used by him, so as to prevent . the officer or officers of excise from taking out and examining such; key; and if any such key shall be rivetted or fattened to such . charging or discharging cock, contrary to the.directions of this act, the redlifier or compounder to whom the same shall belong, shall for every such. key so riveted or 'fattened, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Keys of

XIV. And be it enacted, That the key of every charging cock, raade.ithere- and every discharging cock, shall be made and constructed in nian-. in directed; ner f0H0Wing( and [n n0 other form or manner whatever, that is; to say, the key of every such cock, shall be-made with an open eye . or hole in the top pan thereof, and every such eye or hole shall be of such size as to be capable of receiving a. leaver sufficient to turn such lock at all times,- when any officer of excise shall have occasion to turn the fame, In the.'Execution of the powers to him given for that purpose; and every SjfuIch key of every such cock, shall be of one piece,- and solid to lie bottom, and fuGh charge and discharge cocks sefpedlively, shall not have any hole or place of - ..difcliargp, but at the mouth only; and-no redlifier or compounder

4 of

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. rc.pi

ot' spirits, shall fix or place, or fuller to be fixed or placed, any A. Id. "rate, Itrainer, or any other thing whatsoever, on or before the ,-, TA^' . mouth of any such charging or difdrarging cock, but the mouth of every such cock shall be left free and clear from every thing that 'v"'1"«

1 , cock, u> be

can or may prevent tire officers of excite from (eareliing and ex- Hi ini-, to.-

amining the inline of the mouth or opening of every Inch cock;

am! if any rediiier or compounder of spirits shall make life of, or

ilrall lix or place any charging or difdrarging cock to any lVrll, or to rmv other of his entered utensils, of any other condruction than

that herein before mentioned, or ffiail at any time fix or place any mol. ]w.»Uy

" in cadi of

thing whatsoever, on or before the mouth or opening of any such Cud c.Jc!. cock, whereby tire officer ffiail or may he prevented from searching and examining the iniide thereof, then and in every such case, every such rcfliher and compounder shall for each offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That no rediiier or compounder of Kotorrr.

spirits, ffiail have or keep any cap or covering upon any cock he- ':cin

longing to any (till in his possession, or to any pipe, back, or vef- pc-iuii) joi. fel whatsoever, in his or her entered premiles, so as to prevent any

officer of excise from hiftinclly seeing, and easily examining such cock; and if any redificr or compounder shall have or keep any such cap or covering upon any such cock, he or (lie shall for every time such cap or covering shall be used or kept, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And be it enacted, That whenever any redifier or com- Notice to pounder of lpiiits, ffiail be deiirous to have the furnace of any ofiiccnof dill or dills opened, he or lire, if within any city or town where ope" fumacci a furvevor of excise rcfidcs, ffiail twelve hours at lead, and of Kills.

if in any ether part of this kingdom Uventy-four hours at lead before the particular hour or time between lix o’clock in the morning and nine at night, when he or she intends to have the fame opened, give notice in writing to the officer of excise in charge of his or her still-house, who on receiving such notice, ffiail attend accordingly, and Inch redifier or compounder ffiail charge his or her dill or diils, in the presence of such officer; and in case such rt&iiier or compounder ffiail not begin to charge his or her dill at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour afrer, fuel; notice shall be void, and the rediiicr or compounder shall give another such notice in writing, before the officer ffiail he obliged to attend to open the furnace-door of such dill, and to see the fame charged, as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That when the officer of excise shall attend to lock the furnace-grate belonging to any still, when such

Vol. XVIII 12 H dill

1044 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

still shall have ceafecl to work, he shall unlock the head of such still, and the redlilicr or compounder to whom the fame Hull be-Chap. 52. ]ong) shall cause such head to he taken off, and such head shall not When mils be again put on such still, until the same shall be again charged in officersfluti'’ t*ie Prei"ence of the officer, and be ready to work; and if any rec-uato^eai!,' tiller or compounder shall not cause the head of his or her still to shall get them be taken off, when and so soon as the officer shall have unlocked thepMii not (he fame after the still shall have ceased to work, or shall put the be replaced |leaj on aily fuc], flip before the same shall be again charged, or until Hills are ‘

again charged ready to work, and before the officer shall examine the quality of officmC,"pc-of ^ie Spirits then in the still, he or she shall for every offence, forfeit naky 100l. the sum of one hundred pounds.

when Hills

XVIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as any still belonging

charged", of- to any redtifier or compounder of spirits, shall be fully charged,

ficers Hall the officer who shall attend, pursuant to such notice, as aforesaid, examine con.

tents, and to open the furnace-door of such lbtll, mall examine the contents heads^&c. of such still, and lock down the head thereof, and shall net open the furnace door of any such still until the fame hath been fully charged, nor until he hath examined the contents of such still, and officers to at- locked down the head thereof; and every surveyor or other officer fee. of excise, who shall receive any such notice to attend as aforesaid,

shall attend to open and lock the furnace-doors and heads of such Hills, and examine the contents thereof, without fee or reward.

Ladders 10

XIX. And that the oilicers of excise may be better enabled to anlofficers’ examine the contents of every still to any rectifier or compounder aflilted, pe- of spirits belonging, and to take still gauges thereof, be it enacted, That every redlifier or compounder of spirits shall provide proper ladders whereby the officers of excise may get to the top of every still to every such redlilier or compounder belonging, and every such redlifier or compounder, or some person on his or her behalf, shall aid and assist such officers in setting up such ladders , and in examining the contents of every still, and in taking Hill-gauges thereof; and if any such redlifier or compounder shall ne-gledl to provide proper ladders for the purposes aforesaid, or shall not by himself, ior some other on his behalf, assist such officers in setting up the ladder, and in taking the account and still-gauges aforesaid, or shall by any means whatsoever hinder or obstruct any officer of excise from examining the contents of any still, or in taking the gauge thereof, then and in every such case, the redlifier or compounder so offending, shall for each offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

-2

XX. Aud

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1043

XX. And be it enacted, That every redliiicr or compounder of A.D. spirits, (ball- before he or flie shall begin to draw off any spirits 179* from his or her if.ll, charge the fame in the proportion of not less than (even parts in ten of the whole quantity of liquor which such H.w tUIs ltili is capable of containing, and such hill shall remain and conti- charge! and title so charged, until he or she shall begin to draw oif spirits there- *nr^ from, and every Inch ft ill shall be worked oft' within eighteen limit's, to be computed lVotn the time of the officer taking the gauge of the (till, and if any redliHer or compounder ol Ipints, shall begin to draw oil' any spirits from any still not so charged, or shall not work off the fame within fudt eighteen hours, lie or lhc shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no redlifier or compounder of If rectifier,

&c. firm! ott

spirits, shall fell, or (end out any brandy, reclined (pints, com- spirits of

pounds, or other spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength jj'"',trh tIlln

than that of one in live under hvdrometer proof, and it any such urn ol one

' 1 'in five un.ler

redlilier or compounder shall fell, or fend one any brandy, rcc- hydrometer tilled spirit', compounds, or other spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in live under hydrometer proof, all such brandy, rectified spirits, compounds, or other spirits, to- value, gether with the calks or vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may he l’eized by any officer or officers of excise, and such redlilier or compounder 111 ill also forfeit treble the value of such spirits, to be deemed and taken according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices, at which the belt Irish brandy, rectified spirits, compounds, or other spirits, do or shall bear or fell for in the city of Dublin, at the time when such penalty shall be incurred,

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Where the

be lawful for any redlilier or compounder of spirits, and for any ^rq'irits°nF

dealer or dealers in redlified spirits, upon condition of his or her '! *!'Pt 1 7 1 apart from

keeping his or her whole flock of spirits of wine, separate and other liquors,

apart from his or her stock of other liquors, but not ciherwife, to be^rameTfor

demand and receive permits for fending out spirits of wine, of any higher or greater degree of strength than that of one in five, greater

under hydrometer proof, to any person, not being a maker, rec- dScd aa°°

filter, or compounder of spirits, so that the whole quantity of such herein-

spirits of wine, to be lent out to any one person, in the fame day,

shall not exceed one hundred and twenty gallons, and the officer

granting such permit, shall therein expiefs the same to be double

spirits, and shall debit the stock of such redtifier, compounder or

i©44 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

dealer, at tile rate of two hundred gallons of Irish spirits, for every 1798. one hundred gallons of spirits of wine so'permitted.

XXIII. And be it enacted, Thai in all cales where the llrcng:h Where the of any part of the floe!; of any redtilier or compounder of iplri;-, noibc'c.-filj"" being mined with any fug-ir, syrup, feeds, ffiiit, or other ingre-arccrtMiicii, (jietus or materials, cannot he eafdv ascertained by the hvdmtnct-r

the quantity.

and llnngth such reftilicr or compounder, shall upon twelve hours notice give:; cri on call;!, him by the ollieer of encife, caulc the true quantity and ckgrc; of notict'IfiomUrS ^rcnStb hieli spirits so mixed, to be legibly marked on the ont-oilicer; fide of every calk or veil’d containing the lame rci'pcdlively; and iflmh be on- jf y]lc strength of such spirits shall be found to he untruly rruin.j

truly marked, ... '

or i 1 not by such rcdlilicr or compounder, on the ontlide of any edit or feciTnotice,"'1 vessel, or if he or Ibe tlidl, upon such twelve hours notice given Ij-Tus, &c. as aforesaid, nceleit to mail: the quunlity and degree of !ti':n;:h

shall be for- - 1 .

teiicd, and , of such spirits as aforesaid, such spirits, syrup, feeds, fruit, and other

s°1- ingredients, together with the calks and velfeis containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may he ftized by any ollieer or oili-

ccrsof excise, and such rcitlilicr or compoumLr, ihtll.tlfo for cve-

Allowanceio '7 inch offence, foileit the stun oI filly pounds; ami for malting

bn made to unto re6tillers and com'v'unders of spirits, a fair allowance for tint rcailiL-rb ami 1

compimmlm, enovafeby water, Ingar, Ivrtip, or fruit, which may he neceshrv, for mcnaic. t|lcrc |]( |1| l)c allowed per a ts for lending out any mimhef of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and fifty gallons of Irish brandy, rectified spirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw spirits, of the strength of on: to ten over hydrometer proof, which they respectively shall have received from any dilliilcr of spirits. ofdcers to

XXIV. And be it enacted, That once in every three months at

optocl^cvc.-y 'call, the officers of excise llm.il I take an account of the I rock of

3 taontliE. brandy, rectified spirits, raw spirits, compounds, and oilier spirits of every rcfliher or compounder of spirits, and if on taking any such account, the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits lor . conveying which to such rectifier or compounder, permits shall have been granted.fine? the time of taking the Lift preceding account of stock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found . by the officer or officers of excise, at the tithe of taking the iak . preceding account of such.stock, by the officer or officers of excise iron com abdcb to the quantity of spirits afterwards received by permit, at potation as the strength ot one to ten over hydrometer proof, with the allow-ccS’gafc'ii" ance fifty, gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or re-mw^OMlI^be cc'"’ct^ computing such stock at the strength of one in three and for (cited, and three fourths, under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits, equal

lo the quantity of spirits so found in excels, shall be forfeited, and A.D. shall and may be seized, by any officer or oiiieers oi excise, from 179^-and out of such dock; and the person or persons, in whole (lock $i. such quantity of spirits, lb found in excels, shall be discovereJ or fonrul, shall also forfeit the sum of liliy pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if on taking any such account! lf *"1 .?.!-of the (lock of any reclifitr or compounder, it shall appear that nntiia-J.iiis such redifier or compounder has not actually made vile of the whole allowance by this aci granted, so much thereof as shall not,roin C!C(,it-appear to have been made use of, deduding therefrom so much as will he sufficient to reduce the (lock then found on hand, to the (Irengthof one in three and three-fourths under hydrometer proof,

(lull betaken from his, her, or their credit, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penal- &c‘ ties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may he hied for, by i± & iyC. recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways KmcJy oi ip-and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, pcllf' directed and appointed, in and by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty

Charles the feeond, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new inpojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and Jucccfors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue, and be [, force to in so^ce until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand ’^'’aiaend seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the ofncxticffioo. then next session of parliament and no longer.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. LIII.

1046

A.D. 1798.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the forging of the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company-of the Bank of Ireland, and the Circulation of forged Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company.

to repeal.

Preamble XX WHEREAS the offences of forging and counterfeiting the notes and bills of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and of fraudulently uttering and negociating forged and counterfeited notes and bills of the said governor and company arc, notwithstanding the'laws nowin force, frequently practised, to the great injury of trade, and the manifest prejudice of his Majesty's subjects: And whereasfomc of the provisions of an act; passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Some provili- alt to prevent the forging of notes and ’bills, of the governor °°are att^company of the batik of Ireland, and to prevent the obtaining uentoffalfe credit, and the committing of frauds, by the imitation of notes or bills of the said governor and company, have been found iti-Rccital of the sufficientfor the purposes intended'by the said act; and it is there-Vhic'llt foreexpedient to repeal so much of the ’laid ad, as makesit a felt expedient dony punishable by transportation for life, for any person or persons," other than the officers, workmen, servants, or agents for the time being of the said. governor and company, to be authorized and appointed for that purposeby the said governor and company, and for the life of the said governor and company only, to make or use, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowingly to aid -oraffift'in the making or using, or knowingly to have in his, her,

1 or their custody or possession, without lawful excuse, any frame,

; mould, or instrument, for the making of -paper, with the words, ’’‘Bank of Ireland," visible in the substance of such paper, or to make, orcatife or procure to be made, or knowingly to aid or assist in the making of any paper, in the substance of which the said words, " Bank of Ireland," should be visible, or by any art, myf- tery, or contrivance, to cause or procure the said words, " bank of Ireland," to appear visible in the substance of any paper whatsoever, or knowingly to aid or allift in causing the said words, "bank of Ireland," to appear in the substance of any paper whatsoever; be it therefore enacted by the lung’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consentof the lords spiritual and temporal anil commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

7 he thirty-eighth Year of George III. thority of the same, That the said herein before recited part of the f.iid ad, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or aft or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any bank note of the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, or any endorsement of any bank note of the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any endorsement of any hank note of the said governor and company, or any bank bill of exchange of the said governor and company, or acceptance or endorsement of any bank bill of exchange of the said governor and company, or any bank poll bill of the said governor and company, or acceptance or endorsement of any bank poll bill of the said governor and company; or shall alter, or cause or procure to be altered, or aft or assist in the altering the number or principal fuin, or any other part of any such bank note, bank bill of exchange, or hank poll bill, with intention to defraud the said governor and company, or their successors, or to defraud any person or persons whomsoever, or with any fraudulent intention whatsoever; or shall offer or dispose of, or put away any forged, counterfeited, or altered bank note of the said governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered endorsement of any bank note of the said governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered bank bill of exchange of the said governor anil company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered endorsement of any bank hill of exchange of the said governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered bank poll bill of the said governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered endorsement of any bank poll bill of the said governor and company, or any hank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poll bill of the said governor and company in which the principal sum or number has been falsely altered, or shall demand the money in such bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank pofl bill contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company, or of any of their clerks, agents, officers, or servants, with intention to defraud the said governor and company, or their successors, or any other person or persons, or with any fraudulent intention whatsoever, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall aid, abet, assist, hire, or command any other person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid; every such person so offending, shall be deemed clergy.

CitA part is hereof repealed.

Persons who forge, counterfeit,

nr alter any brink of Ireland note or bill, or a Id, hire or com* muni any prrlofl to Jo ui, with intention todefraud shall suffer dcati.

; felon, and suffer dr.ith without benefit of

t -

l’csfous not authorized 'by governof*

and company, who make or life, or have in their possession, moulds for >making paper with marks peculiar to the Bank of Ireland; or who make or have paper in their possessc fion refemb-ling the paper used by the Bunk of Ireland, lh.,11 be uanfpjital for life.

The thrrty-e'glih Year of George III.

III. And be it enacted, Tl’.nt if any person ctlicr than an officer, work-mui, fervmt, or agent far the time being-, of the governor anil company of the bank of Ireland, authorized anil appointed for that’ purpose by tile laid governor and company, and for the use of the said governor ami company only, shall make or life, or caul'e or procure to be made or used, or knowingly aid or assist in making or tiling, or without being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or thJr custody or possession, without lawful crxufe, the proof whereof shall be on the person accused, any frame, mould, or instrument for the making of paper, in the I'ubllance whereof would be vilibic the words, Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of such words, 01-in the substance whereof would he vilibic, any device or clifiinelion peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper tiled by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, for notes and bills of exchange of the Bank of Ireland, for notes and bills of exchange of the Bank of Ireland, or shall make, or caul'e or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in making any paper in the substance of which the said words, Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of such Words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper tiled by the said governor and company, for notes and bills of exchange of the Bank of Ireland, shall be vilibic, or if any person, except as before excepted, shall knowingly have in his or her custody or possession, without lawful excuse, the proof whereof shall: be on the person accused) any paper avhatsoever in the substance of which the words, Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of paper used by the said governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, for notes or bills of exchange, of the Bank of Ireland, shall be vilibic, or if any person, except as before excepted, shall by any art, mystery, or contrivance, cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring the "words, Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used by the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, for notes or bills of exchange of the Bank of Ireland, to appear in the substance of any paper whatsoever, every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for such offence be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for the term, of his or her life.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person other than an officer workman, servant,"or agent, for the-time being, of the governor

i and

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

s ic! company of the Bank of Ireland, authorized and appointed for that purpose, by the said governor and company, and for the life of tile fiid governor and company only, shall make or u/e, or c.uife or procure to he nude or tiled, or knowingly aid or ailill in making or tiling, or without being authorized and appointed as afore.laid, (bail knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possession, without lawful excuse, the proof whereof Until he oil the person accused, any plate, or instruinent of metal or wood, or of any other materials whatsoever, in or upon which there shall he, or be made or impressld, or which would make or impid's the form of words, or any part of the form of words imprinted or impiessed on, or uled in any notes, or hills of exchange of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, or any- (lamp or milrument of metal or wood, or of any other materials whatsoc-ver, upon which there shall he, or be made or impressed, or which would make or impress any of the devices, difiiiiclions, or (lou-ridies, printed or engrolfed on any notes or hills of exchange of the said governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for Inch cllence lie adjudged a felon, and shall he trail sported for the term of his or her life.

V. And be it enacted, That if any person shall have in his or her possession or cubed y, any forged or counterfeited note or notes, hill or bills of exchange, of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intent to utter or negotiate the same as the true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, every Inch person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be pnuished by line, imprifltn-mcnr, pillory, or other corporal punishment, according to the discretion of the eourt before he or the Hull be prosecuted for fuclt offence.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon oath being made before any juliice of the peace by one credible person, that there is lull cause to ftifpeft that any one or more person or persons hath or have been concerned in bulging or counterfeiting any notes or hills of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, or in making or using any frame, mould or instru-ilicnt for making paper, in imitation of the paper used in notes or hills of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, or in making Inch paper, or in engraving or cutting any plate or plates of metal or wood, or of other materials upon which (hottld be, or be made or impressed, or which would make or im-

VOL. XVIII. 12, K press

IO-py A.D.

<79 e.

]’- |I.T!t Iivl

avi'lii: /ul, nho r.'okf rr

Ul , or c; use tf l'c m.i.iu rr till'd, or r.hill th-ruin, jay plate or ii:-hr

itnpirshi.g

any part of the smm of void, or dc-vVci in h'. nfc of Ireland n. t-. s cf Ini!-.. f...T b<* u: i:S I ortvd for it/;-.

Perlbut ulio have forgtd notes, nith intention to utter them, knowingly, may be fired, impiifircd, pillared, &e.

Justices may gram warrants, on affidavit of cause of fuf-picion, to search for forged notes, or for fi antes, plates, &c. which, after being produc-cd tn evi-dtrcc, shall be dcllrO)ed, or disposed of as dirtied by the court.

IOJO A.D. 1798.Chap. 5 3.

Offenccj a vain It that p.vt of the act her.by repealed, committed 'x-fire pilling dits aft. (halt be pumlhed as if this did not pafc.

The thirty-eighth I'ear of George III. press as aforesaid, the form of v/ords printed on, or used in any notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any part of such form, or in-engraving or cutting any stamp or instrument, oa which shall be, or be made or impressed, or which would make or impress any of the devices, distinctions or flou-rishes printed or engraved on the notes, and bills of exchange, of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, or upon oath being made, before such justice as aforesaid, that there is reason to suspect that any of the herein before mentioned, tools or inflrtt-ments, or that any paper made in imitation of the paper used by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as aforesaid, are knotvingly concealed or secreted by any person or persons, then, and in all such cases, it may be lawful for such justice, or any person or persons empowered by warrant under his hand and seal, to search the dwelling-house, room, workshop, out-house, yard, garden, or other place belonging to such suspecded person or persons, for. such forged notes, or bills, frame, mould, or instruinent paper, plate or plates, and if any such be found in any place io searched, or be foun 1 in the custody or possession of any person or persons, not then employed by the governor and company of the bank, nor having the fame by Come lawful authority, then it shall ami-may he lawful for any person or persons discovering the fame, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize the fame, and to carry them forthwith to Come justice of the peace of the county, city, or place where the same shall be seized, and shall cause the same to he lb secured, that the same shall be forthcoming, to be produced in evidence against such person or persons as shall or may be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, and after I'ucU time as such forged note or notes, or any such frame, mould, or instrument, paper, plate, or plates, or any of them shall have been produced in evidence, as well the fame so produced, as the others so.seized, and not made life of in evidence, and every of them shall forthwith, by order of the court, where such offender or offenders shall be tiied, or 4>y order of such, or some other justice of the peace, in case there be no such trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise dispoied of, as such court, or such justice shall direct.

VII. Provided always, Thatany person or persons, wvho hath or have committed, or before the passing of this act, shall commit any of the offences specified in that part of the said act hereby repealed, shall be indicted, tried, and in all respefits proceeded against, and if convicted, fetuqnced and punished as if this act had not been puffed.

a CHAP.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. LIV.

i°5 r

A.D. 179(1.

An Act for the teller Regulation of the Royal Canal Company.

T If WHEREAS for the better conducing the af!;iirs of the royal W canal company, and for promoting the completion of the said canal, it is necessary to estabiith certain regulations adapted to the circumstances of the said company; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, end commons in this present parliament asseinbied, and by the authority of the same, That no person Noi)eflllU

shall be permitted or qualified to vote at any assembly of the said 'ou: "1;"

r , hmenmfc

company, or at any adjournment thereof, or have any right to m- (h« or

termeddle in any fort in the affairs of the said company, r.nless he KO'

or Hie shall have, in his or her own name and right, or in the

right of his or her testator or inteilate, at lead fix fiiares of the flock of the said company, of one hundred pounds each, any law,

custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That every person who (had have twe!ve gvory h=!-

shares or upwards, of one hundred pounds each, of the flock of ‘ j ul)

the said company, for the space of six months, in his or her own for . , ' . r , Cmontlii,

right, or as executor or admimllrator of any other, shall be quad- shall have

fied and be permitted to give a vote at any assembly of the said ^'provija7

company, or at any adjournment thereof, for every six hundred die whole

pounds, which fuel) person shall be entitled to, of the flock of the amount 10

laid company in fitch thares; provided always, that no person shall, "mci.'1'"1'5

in respect of any amount of flock which he or flic shall possess in

his own right, or to which he or (lie shall be entitled as executor or

-adminiflrutor of ar.y other person, be allowed to have more than

five votes in respect of each fin!) flofk, respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That every person who shall have a p,.rrut,s

right to give more votes than one, may appoint a proxy to appear

for him or her; and such proxy being a member of the said com- ne vote

may appoint

pany, and having a-rignt to vote, shall give as many votes at every llrux;c!;

such assembly ami adjournment, as the person making such proxy

would be entitled to give, any law, rule, usage, or custom to the

contrary notwithstanding; and every proxy shall he appointed in

fiioh manner and form, and subject to such regulations as to ap-

poiming a proxy, and entitling the person appointed a proxy to

1-2 Ik 2 vote,

1052 .57# thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

vote, as have been already established with respect to the appoint-1798. ing of proxies, and entitling such proxies to vote at a(Tem!)lies 01 Chap: 54. ti,e said

company and adjournment thereof; provided always, nomrm. that no member of the said company Hull, at any assembly of the ril-xy'for' company, vote as proxy of more than two other members of

m.iro ilun 2 tlle said company, oiliirs. 1

Jioitics on.

IV. And be it enacted, That every body politic or corporate,

luic ami cw wj,0 0-all at any lime lie possessed of as many shares of the Hock of porale t-ntl-_'

tlcil to vctc the said company, as Ilia! entitle any person to vote as aforel.dii, p-rfoiu may. shall be entitled to the fame rights and privileges as any private person is or may he entitled to, by virtue of this act; and inch body politic or corporate may, in manner as heretofore, appoint any person to vote on the part of such hotly politic or corporate, at such assemblies as aforefiij.

>! meeting -V. And be it enacted, That within the space of one calendar tliu-flon shall month from the day of passing this act, a general assembly of the I'nmiuilTf t" ^ll<I company Avail meet, fourteen days notice being given of such patting tt,is meeting, and the said company thall, at such aflemhlv, proceed to diiitt, r 10 elect and choose from amongst the members thereof, by a majo-iiotfc'’CCl' «’v of the votes of tire members then prefein, or by pioxy. tv-m-ty-onc persons to he directors, each of which persons Ih.ill be pof-ietfed of, and entitled to one thousand two hundred pounds ,.t the least, in the capital Itocl: of the company, and such twenty-one directors to be elected and choseu, shall continue in office as directors from the time of such election, until others thall he duly cho-len in their respective places, purfunnt to this act, unli-ls they or any of them thall sooner die, relign, or become disqualitied; and from the time of such election, such of the prclent directors as shall not he so chosen, th.ill ceal'e to bediredors.

21 iWcc- y|_ ^nd be it enacted, That in each and every vear, forever

tors 10 bf 1 J -

chortn every thereafter, a general assembly of the company shall meet on some oM,ycw.,or day in the month of January in every year, fourteen days previous notice of such meeting being given, and shall in like manner elect and choose from among the members of the company, and by the majority-of the votes’of the members of the company then prclent, either in person or by proxy, twenty-one periods to be directors of the company for the year then next ensuing, each of which persons shall be possessed of one thousand two hundred pounds at the least, of the said capital stock; and which said twenty-one persons, so to be annually chosen, thall severally continue in ollice for one year, from the time of such their election, and until others shall be duly chosen into their place respectively, unlets.in case of death, resignadon or difijualificatioa.

ro53

A.D. 1798. Clr.ipj+.

5 or mcr? f!ir(;5toi-. fnj; li-- callcJ a caurt, u> carry oa hu. fintfj under The thlr/y~eighth Year of George III.

VII. And be it enacted, Tint the find tv.’enty-onc persons so to be chosen and elected, or any five or more of them, shall be called a court of directors, for the ordering, managing, and directing the affairs of the company, and shall, under the rules, orders, and regulations of the company, carry on, conduit, and Iranfaft the general business of the company, subject nevertheless to the con-trou! of the company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no person (Iiall continue in office company. as a director longer than lie shall he possessed in his own name and None shall

0 c Jiumue di-

right of one thousand two hundred pounds, at the least, in the ca- rodlon Imigci pital (lock of the said company; and in such case the office of p.X/i iiool. fitch director shall cease and become vacant, and another director flo'k ‘"‘'h. shall he chosen in his room, by the company, in manner aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case of the death, resignation, IM'01’.»f

’ 0 diieilors, m

or disqualification of any of the said directors, the survivors of them, case of death, or the majority of those remaining in office, shall, within one ojdXjtS-month of such death, resignation, or disqualification of any of the cation-said directors, call an assembly of the company, in order to cleft, and the company shall, at such assembly, cleft another person or other persons qualified as aforesaid, in the room of the person or persons who shall die, resign, or become disqualified.

X. And be it enacted, That within the space of one calendar month from the day of passing this act, a general assembly of the said company shall meet, fourteen days notice being given of such drfKon of meeting, and the said company shall, at such assembly, proceed to wi,;ch tf pre-elect and choose by a majority of the votes of the members then fXXchoftn present, or by proxy, proper persons to fill the several offices cf- they shall be tablished for transacting the business of the said company, other-

wife than in the execution of the works of the said canal; and the persons so to be elected and chosen, shall respectively continue in their respective offices from the time of such election, until other* shall be duly chosen in their respective places, pursuant to this act, unless they or any of them shall sooner die or resign, or be dif. milled by the said company; and from the time of such election, such of the present officers as as shall not be so chosen, shall be no longer officers.

XI. And be it enacted, That in each and every year, forever Election of thereafter, a general assembly of the company shall meet, on some

day in the month of January, fourteen days previous notice of such meeting being given, and shall in like manner cleft and choose, by the majority of the votes of the members of the company then

Vol. XVIII. is L nreferu

I0.S4 ’The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

present, either in person or by proxy, proper persons to fill evety fuel' office as aforesaid; and every person so chosen shall continue in office for one year, from the time of 1'uch his election, ami until another shall be duly chosen in his place, unless in cale of doth, resignation, or difmiiTal -from office, before the end of such year.

A publick

XII. And be it further enacted, That this shall be deemed, ad-

judged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. LV.

[Preamble.]

t

An Act for the King's Most Gracious, General and Fnv

Pardon.

THE king’s most excellent Majesty being always desirous to ffiew his royal inclination to mercy, and considering that divers of his subjects have tendered themselves obnoxious to the laws, and subject to the highest penalties, by being concerned in the unnatural rebellion which had broken forth in this kingdom, from which they can in no wife be'freed, but by his Majesty's great goodness and clemency.; and that feme of -his Majesty's subjects, in suppressing, counterading, ;and putting down the said rebellion, may have done divers acts, which coiilll not be justifted by the llrid terms of law; and being graciously inclined to encourage till his loving subjects to return and continue in their due obedience to his Majesty, rather by acts of grace and mercy-, than by a severe execution of justice, and desirous of quieting the minds of his subjects in general, hash, upon mature deliberation, resolved and determined to grant his general and free pardon, in a large and bountiful manner, not doubting but that however it may he received by those who are obstinately bent on the ruin of rheir country, it will raise a due sense of gratitude in all who have been artfully milled into treasonable practices against his person and government, and preserv them and others from Handing in need of the like mercy for the future, when such clemency may not be l'o expedient for the public'welfare, as it would be agreeable to his Majesty's inclination; and hoping that all his subjects by this act ol grace will be induced henceforth, with more chearfulness and affection, to apply themselves in discharge of their respective ditties to his Majesty, and to live in a loyal and dutiful obedience to him; therefore his Majesty is well pleased and contented that it be ensiled

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. I055

ailed by the authority of this present parliament, and lie it ensiled A. IJ. by the authority of the same, That all and every his Maj^dy’s 1798. subjects of this his Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, their heirs, sucessors, executors and adrainillrators, and every of them, shall lie, Hi>M.;jcf-by the authority of this present parliament, acquitted, p rdoned, SrchUrch* released and discharged against the king’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and every of them, of and from all such r.m all t.e.v treasons, misprifior.s of treai'ons, felonies, seditious and unlawful p^pmaied' meetings, treasonable and seditious words or libels, and also of and 11 luit!.'e,r'

0 . ance of the

from all such riots, routs, offences, contempts, trespasses, pains of rebellion, and

death, pains corporal, and pains pecuniary, and generally of and done iiffup-

from all such other things, causes, quarrels, suits and executions

which have been had, made, done, committed, perpetrated, incur-.\u»u(t,

red, or forfeited in prosecution or furtherance of the said rehellion,

or in suppressing, counterafting, or in any manner putting down

the fame, before and until the twenty-second day of August, in and nothere-

the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

and which can or may be by his Majesty, in any wise, or by any

means pardoned, and in this act hereafter not excepted or fore-

prized.

II. And also the king’s most excellent Majesty is contented that it d g«-be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this his as effectual at Majesty's pardon shall be as good and effectual in law, to every of his *c°'w"re"ar-said subjects, and others before rehearsed, in, for, and against all the ticulaHy things aforesaid, and not hereafter by virtue of this present act except for mat-cepted and foreprized, as the fame pardon would have been if all '/^KTancI such offences, contempts, forfeitures, judgments, executions, pe- so«p'i«i nalties and other things not hereafter by virtue of this act excepted and foreprized, had been particularly, singularly, specially and plainly named, and also pardoned by proper and eiprefs words and names; and that his said subjects, or any of them, the hciTS, executors, or administrators of any of them, be not, nor shall oe sued, vexed or unquieted in their bodies, goods, chattels, lands or tenements, for any matter, cause, contempt, -misdemeanor, forfeiture, trespass or offence, or any thing done, suffered or committed in prosecution or_ furtherance of the said rebellion, or in suppressing, counterafting, or in any manner putting down the fame, before the said twenty-second day of August, against his Majesty, his crown, dignity, prerogative, or the laws or statutes of this realm, but only for inch matters, causes and offences, as be hereafter mentioned to be excepted and foreprized by virtue of this act, any statute or statutes, laws or enstoms heretofore had, made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

ill i

1056

The thiriy-eighih Year of George III.

A.D.

III. And the king’s most excellent Majesty, of his bounteous

179H. liberality, and by the authority aforesaid, doth grant, and freely

Chap. 55. give to every of his subjects, all goods, chattels, debts, fines, uses

T and profits, amerciaments, forfeitures, and sums of money by any

them forfeited, which to his Majesty do or shall appertain, by

ail goods, reason of any such treason, felony, offence or contempt, matter or

fcUcdb/foch thing as aforesaid, fiiffered, done, or committed by them, or any

treason, not 0y .^em, ;n furtherance or prosecution of the said rebellion, or in

hereafter ex- ’ 1

ccpted. suppressing, countcrafting, or 111 any manner putting down the fame, before the said twenty-second day of August, not hereafter

by virtue of this present act foreprized or excepted.

This act of

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and

bepicaded^ every his Majesty’.s subjects may, by him or themselves, or by his

more than or their deputy or deputies, or by his or their attorney or attor-

r6d. to the nies, according to the laws of this realm, plead this act of free

A,all emcrpardon for his or their discharge of, or for any thing that is by virtue of this act pardoned, discharged, given or granted, without any fee or other thing payable to any person or persons for the

writing or entering of the judgment or other cause concerning such

plea, writing or entry, but sixteen pence to the clerk or officer

that shall enter such plea or matter for judgment, or the party’s

discharge in that behalf, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

His Majesty's V. And further the King’s Majesty is contented and pleased that

laid pardon t «.

shall be al- it be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this courts'"*11 fiis Majesty's free pardon, by the general words, clauses and sentences before rehearsed, shall be reputed, deemed, adjudged, ex-

persons and crimes e*. cepted, viz.

persons in custody on i Jan- 1795, 01 finer, for treason, or trrasonable practices:

murders and confptracies of murder, petty treason &c.

pounded, allowed and taken, in all manner of courts of his Majesty and slfcwhere, moll beneficial and available to all and singular the said subjects, and to every of them, in all things not by virtue of this present act excepted and foreprized, without any ambiguity, question, or other delay to be made, pleaded, objected or alledged by the King’s Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by any person or persons for'his Majesty, or any of his heirs or successors; excepted and foreprized out of this act of general and free pardon, all persons being in actual custody on the first day of January, one thousand fc-vcn hundred and ninety-five, or who have been r in such custody at any time since, under any charge of treason, or ftifpicion of treason, or treasonable practices; and also excepted out of this pardon, all manner of voluntary and deliberate murders, petty treasons, and wilful poisonings, as also, all and all manner of conspiracies of murder, petty treasons or wilful poisonings, done, committed, had, or entered into, respectively, and all and

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. ami every the acccffaries to the fame offence?, or any of them; and all'o excepted out of this pardon, all persons who have been enrolled or commissioned in troops or companies, pursuant to an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for encouraging and disciplining fich corps of men as shall voluntarily enroll themseves under officers to be commissoned by his Majesty for the defence of this kingdom, during the prefenl war, and who have deserted from fitch troops or companies, and joined in the said horrid and unnatural rebellion; and also excepted out of such pardon, all Inch persons so commidioned and enrolled as aforesaid, who have administered any treasonable or illegal oath, engagement or obligation, to any person, since they were so commissioned or enrolled, respectively; and also excepted out of fticll pardon, all offences of conspiring, carrying on, consenting to, af-iilting, or being concerned in any design or proposal for invading or procuring an invasion of this realm, by the forces of any foreign power at war with his Majesty, or by any other foreign force, or . of holding communication or correlpnndence with any such foreign power; and also excepted out of such pardon, all persons who have been members of any committees, called or known by the name or description of executive or national committees, or of provincial or county commi'tees, respectively, of united Irilhmen; and all'o excepted out of this pardon, ail persons who have afled as generals, adjutants-general, colonels, lieutenant-colonels, majors or captains, respectively, in any army, regiment, company, or troop, arrayed or levied lor the prosecution of the said most horrid and unnatural rebellion; and also excepted out of this partlon, all per-fous who have been in any manner concerned in the said horrid and unnatural rebellion, who shall not deliver up all arms and ammunition of every kind, in their possession, pow’er, or custody, respectively, at Inch times, and in Inch manner, respectively, as shall be limited and appointed by proclamation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of his Majesty's privy council of the lame; also excepted out of this pardon, all such persons as during the prclent session of parliament, are, or shall be attainted of high treason, by act of parliament, or otherwise; as also all persons who have been convicted by any court-martial, since the twenty-fourth day of Vlay, one rhotifand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of having been concerned in, or of’aiding and abetting the said horrid and unnatural rebellion; and also excepted out of this pardon, all offences committed or done, since the first day of November, one Vox. XVIII. 12 M thousand

ro57 A.D.

179S. Chap. <5.

frit nil enrol H under 37

persons cott-ijvring or j>ropofing an invasion, or corrcfponil-ing with hit M.tjdly's enemies, 4c.

members of executive,

national, provincial, or county commuted; generals, adj. gen. colonel*, ft. colonels, majors, and captains;

and all concerned, who do not give up arms, &c. at such tim« as I. lient. and c. shall appoint by proclamation j

also persons attainted this fe/Iion, and persons convicted by c. m. since H May, 1798;

and offences against mutiny aft, committed since 1 Nov. 1797;

1058 The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, against any act of parliament, entitled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for Chap. 55. the better payment of the army and their quarters; and also except-namesofpar- ed out of this act, and every clause contained therein, James dcularpersons Mapper, Tandy, late of the city of Dublin, merchant; Edward

John Lewins, of Beresford-street, in the city of Dublin, attorney; John Jackson, of Church-street, in the city of Dublin, founder; Anthony M'Cann, of Cordery, in the county of Down, linen-draper; Theobald Wolfe Tone, late of the city of Dublin, bar-

- rider at law; reverend Arthur M‘Mahon, of Hollywood, in the county of Down, priest; William Bailey, late an officer in the . service of the honourable the East India company; Alexander Lowry, of Linen-hill, county of Armagh, linen-draper; Edward O’Finn, of the city of Cork, woollen-draper; Joseph Orr, of the city of Londonderry, brazier; John Tennant, of Belfast, mer-, chant; William Lawless, of the city of Dublin, surgeon; John '.Cormick, of the city.of Dublin, feather merchant; Richard . M'Cormick, of the city of Dublin, stuff-manufacturer; Miles Duigenan, of the city of Dublin, grocer; James Jackson, of Newtownards, in the county of Down, apothecary; Hugh Dixon, of Wexford, ffiip-owner; Andrew Bryfon, of Newtownards, in the county of Down, tanner; reverend James Townsend, of Grey ' Abbey,' in the county of Down; the reverend James Hull, formerly, near Bangor, in the county of Down; Thomas Story, of Belfast, printer; William Campbell, alias -M‘Kecver$, of Upper-land, in the county of Londonderry; Thomas Gunning Blafhford, junior, of Belfast, merchant; Robert Wilson, of Belfast, an apprentice to a wholesale woollen draper; Robert Orr, of Belfast,

chandler; Jacob Nixon, of Belfast, surgeon; John Richards, late . surgeon in the Antrim militia; Thomas Houston, of Belfast, surgeon; Matthew Kenna, of the barony of Kilkea and Moore, in the county of Kildare, farmer; Robert Rollo Reed, of Ballygowan-

bridge, in the county of Down, gentleman, and Francis Burgess, of Dundalk, in the county of Louth, tanner.

Persons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person and persons raay'plcii hereby pardoned, may plead the general issue, without special plcad-issue’enCra* *nS of this pardon, and give this act of pardon in evidence for his discharge; and that the same shall be thereupon allowed, and advantage thereof be had, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if

the fame had been fully and well pleaded.

This par-

VII. And be it further enacted, That this present pardon shall foil force. of he of as full force and effect, to pardon and discharge all and iin-

2 gular

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

gular the premises above-mentioned, and intended to be pardoned and discharged, as well against such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, as do or shall claim the lame, by or under any letters patent, charter, lease or grant by his Majesty, or any his royal predecessors, as against the King’s Majesty himself.

VIII. And whereas his Majesty may be graciously pleased, of his great goodness and clemency, to extend his royal mercy to certain of the persons whose crimes have been so foreprized and excepted as aforesaid, upon such conditions as may be compatible with the safety of his Majesty's kingdoms; therefore his Majesty is well pleased and contented that it be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons whose crimes have been so foreprized and excepted as aforesaid, shall and may have the benefit of his Majesty's most gracious pardon, upon condition of ba-niflunent, or such other condition or conditions as his Majesty shall, in his royal wisdom, think lit to impose.

ro59

A.D.

79s-

His Majesty nifty extend his mercy persons excepted, on such conditions as he fl»*H think fit.

CHAP. LVI.

An Act for the better Regulation and Examination of Publick Accounts.

WHEREAS the establishment of certain and speedy methods in auditing, examining, comptrolling, and allowing all army, ordnance, and other military accounts of every description, together with such civil accounts as have hitherto been audited by the auditor of the imprest, mull enable the commissioners of the treasury, more effectually to controul the issue of the revenues appropriated to such services, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the officer of auditor of foreign and imprest accounts shall cease, and shall not hereafter lie granted to, or exercised by any person whatsoever,.and that from and after the first day of Odiolier, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the patent granted by his present Majesty, to the right honourable George Frederick Nugent, carl of Westmeath, of auditor of foreign and imprest accounts, shall be vacated, and all powers thereby granted shall cease, and no fee, gratuity, perquisite, or emolument shall be 13 M ! received

[Preamble.]

Office of auditor of ft* reign and imprest account* shall cease; and car] of Westmeatii’x patent shall be vacate^'

io6o The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

received by any person whomsoever, employed in the making up, passing, or auditing any public accounts under this act.

Chap^jO. jj provi(icd always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

Nuuoaf- contained relating to the said patent, shall extend, or be construeil

theaudinror to extend to afieft the rights of any officer of the Exchequer, or

foreign ami any person whatsoever, other than the auditor of foreign and int-unprclt ?.c- 1 .... 0

counts and prest accounts, and any person or persons deriving under the office

persons unccr 3Uditoi'.

III. And whereas it is just. That when the said earl of Westmeath, shall cease to execute the said office of auditor of foreign and imprest accounts, he Ihouhl he compenliitecl for the loft he may loco! a fullain, be it therefore enacted, That from the time the said earl of Vrl Westmeath, Hull cease to execute the said office of auditor of so-mL-arlr, and reign and imprest accounts, there shall- he paid out of the fund called the consoliJated fund, to the said Ctrl of Westmeath, during his life, an anniiitv of one thous.md pounds, and to the right honourable Elizabeth, ccuntcl’s of Westmeath, during her life, an annuity of one thousand pounds, and the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treaftner, rr any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to issue and pay the said annuities by

to the co m-teis; to be p;iid quarterly, -out of consolidated luiul.

I^uttes of slid fflicti 0 be performed by commissioners of in-prest accounts;

lord lirutc-iun; mfty cft.iblish rules for pH forrn-anc.‘ of duties.

An e.tamt-nator am! comps roller uf military accounts may be appointed by patent, at 6col- a year, during pica-sure;

quarterly payments.

IV. And be it enacted, That so soon as the said office of auditor of foreign and imprest accounts, shall cease and determine, the le-vcral duties of the said office, as far as the same relate to the auditing of the several accounts of the civil services of this kingdom, shall he performed and executed under the commissioners of imprest accounts, who are hereby in veiled with all the powers am! authorities, and (ha! he fttbjeft to the fame duties, and liable to the fame cotitroul, which the auditor of foreign and imprest accounts is now by law or custom invctled with, or subject, or liable to, except, as the same are or shall be altered or affected by this act, and under such further regulations not contrary to law, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall from time to timedireft and estabiifli; and that it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to make and estabiifli rules, orders, and directions for the purposes aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc_ cessors, by letters patent under the great seal of this kingdom, to appoint an examinator and comptroller of all army, ordnance, barrack,-com miflariat, and other military accounts of every d .-l'cription, -with a yearly salary not exceeding the sum of six hundred

pounds

io5r

179S. Civil-*. 56.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

pounds per annum, to be paid to such examinator and comptroller, A.D. as a reward to him for executing the office of examinator and comptroller of the accounts aforesaid, and every person lb appointed, shall hold his said office during his Majesty's pleasure, and examine and controul all army, ordnance, barrack, commitTariat, and other military accounts of every del’cription, which shall be laid before him for that purpose, and prepare and certify the same to the commissioners of the treasury, and to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and in such manner, and under such regulations, not contrary to law, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, shall direct and establish, and shall from time to time, examine and report on all military accounts as aforesaid, winch shall from time to time be referred to him by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high trcal'urer of this kingdom, and that it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor, to make and establish rules, orders, and directions for the said last mentioned purposes.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, TIi.it it shall and may be lawful for his excellency the lord lieutenant, or ether chief governor for the time being, to appoint an officer with a fa-Iary not exceeding three hundred pounds fleriing, and two clciks J*®; with a salary not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds to the a-.so!. to pic. first clerk, and a salary not exceeding eighty pounds per annum, J.GUtlti;

to the second clerk, to prepare and engross civil accounts, in order to their being vouched and examined by the commissioners of im-prest accounts; and also to appoint an affifiant to the comptroller of r.lfoan;flifl-army accounts, with a salary not exceeding three hundred pounds "r!'n'°rof"1’" iter annum: and two affifiant clerks to the said comptroller of sr»>y -1C-

1 1 ' x counts, at

army accounts, with a salary not exceeding one hundred and 30. i. a jcar, twenty pounds to thefirft clerk, and a salary not exceeding eighty be-

pounds pYx annum to the second clerk.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful SaU finji,

rr> tO 1».‘ IllUCti

for tite lord high treasurer, or the commissioners for executing the , office of lord high-treasurer, to ilTuc out of the fund, raised the Consolidated fund, the aforesaid falaiics of six hundred prumls per annum, to the examinator and comptroller of the accounts aforesaid; and of three hundred pounds per annum, to the officer prcpating civil accounts; and one hundred and twenty pounds to the lirft cletk, and eighty pounds per annum, to the second clerk, to prepare and engross civil accounts; and also the aforesaid linns ol thro; hundred poinds/w annum, to the aiTifhnt to the comptroller

Vcl XYlil. 12 N of

Lord lieut, mayapjc-Int .11 c oc1. .1 yo;.r,

and Z I- lr.5,

i.J.ucO I Olid*

every 3 months, and ordnance, barrack, &c. every 6 months, and as often as directed by iord licuc.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. of army accounts; and one hundred and twenty pounds to the first clerk, and eighty pounds per annum to the second clerk, assistant clerks to the comptroller of army accounts respectively.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all regimental accounts, shall from time to time, be passed and rc-ported.as aforesaid, every month, and all commissariat accounts, once.in every three months, and all drdnance, barrack, and other military accounts once in every fix ..months, and as often as the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall think fit, to direct the said regimental, commissariat, ordnance, barrack, and other mili- tary accounts to be passed and reported as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said examinator and comptroller so appointed as aforesaid, before he shall enter upon the execution of the powers by this act vested in him, shall take an oath before the lord chancellor, or any judge of his Majesty's courts in Dublin, for the time being, -which they or any of them ,js or are hereby authorized and required to administer, the tenor whereof shall be as followeth:

takm'bycM- IA B. do fzvear, That I will impartially and without favour or

min.itor of prejudice aft as an examinator and comptroller in the exercise of all army ac- J £ J J

counts. fitch powers, and intjls as I fall execute under an act, entitled, an act for the better regulation and examination of publicl accounts.

; X. And to the-intent that allfums of money-which shall hereafter he issued for any account or military service of any deferi))-.tion, subject by this act to he examined and controlled by the examinator and comptroller aforesaid, may he justly and fully accounted for, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of impr.lt accounts, or any two or more of them, for the time being, and they are hereby required to call before them, as soon as conveniently may he counts ami after-Inch accounts as aforesaid shall have been examined, pre-

expenditure,

in m inner pare.d, controlled, and certilied by the examinator and comptroller l'. aforesaid, to the said commissioners, which they are hereby required to do with all convenient speed, the several persons who shall have received any publick money for any purpose relating to the said accounts, and fin li persons as shall have presented or prepared, or caused such accounts to be prepared, and the heirs, executors, and administrators of such persons respectively, and to require them to give an account of the expenditure of the said money, and :o exhibit to the hid commissioners all such accounts, certiliaates,

warrants

Commish-

oners ot im-prest accounts to m.tko en* fjiiiiy relative to such

herein dirCvt

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1063

warrants of expenditure, books, muniments, or bills whatsoever, A.D. as shall concern the receipt or expenditure of such money, or the 1798-charge or discharge of the accounts thereof, and as shall be in their power or custody, and to examine upon oath, (which oath any one or more of them are hereby empowered to administer) the said persons touching the several items in the said accounts, or any entries therein, and touching any matter relative to the receipt, expenditure, or non-expenditure of the said money, and liketvife to call before them and examine upon oath, (which oath any one or more of them are hereby empowered to administer) all such persons whatsoever as they shall have reason to believe were in any wise concerned in, or had any knowledge of the receipt or expenditure of such money touching such receipt or expenditure, or in any way relating thereto; and the said connnissioners shall peruse, call up, try, and examine the said accounts, and upon examina- <V«i accounts, tion thereof, and of all such books, papers, and other matters as c!.uv at d car-they shall think proper, they shall make full, perfect, and just accounts, or declarations of the accounts containing the furn and Tub- Omll be distance thereof in charge and discharge, and shall ccitify the fame at im(i such times and in such form and manner, and under such rules, regulations and directions, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall appoint and establish, and that it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors to make and establish rules, orders, and directions for the said last mentioned purposes.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the LonUicut. lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors for the time rn}nns 'on-being, whenever he or they shall judge the fame expedient, and in

such manner and under such rules, orders and directions as the 10 lu(h lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors shall from t:>iJ commif-time to time direct and establish, to order any person or persons concerned in the receipt or expenditure of publick money, to fur- ^iiul1 liifli due and proper accounts of the fame, to be laid before the said commissioners, to be by them examined and linally adjusted and settled.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any person duly summoned by i>crrcr.s duly precept under the hand and seal of the said commissioners of im- bHwc cora-prest accounts, or any of them, to appear before the said commis- n-iB-nir. sioners, touching any of the matters aforesaid, to give evidence, stum!. Ml or to exhibit any account, certificate, book, muniment, bill, paper, , M" or writing, purluaiir to this or any former act, shall refute or ne-

gleft to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforesaid aniuc; in lib or 12 N 2 her

ic64 ¥he thirl)--eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

hcrcustody, power, orpofllffion, at the day and time in the sum-

1798. root's mentioned, or to answer anyquestion upon oath which shall

Chap. §6. be proposed to him or her by any of the said commissioners, touch-

ing any matter or thing which they are empowered or directed to

examine into by this or any former act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such neglect or

refusal, to be recovered by bill, action, plaint, or information, in

any of his Majesty's courts of record, by any person who shall sue

for the fame, under the authority and directions of the said commissioners, the amount of such penalties so recovered, to be paid into

/ his Majesty's exchequer.

Persons who

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any person swearing or affirm-

Sm^iSkly. >n£ before the said commissioners, or any of them, shall wilfully,

shall suffer as fallely, and corruptly, take any oath or affirmation, and he thereof for perjury;

the like for lawful!) convicted by verdict, or by his or her confession, he or she offerjury." -offending, shall for every such offence incur and suffer such pe-. nalties, pain?, and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and , corrupt.perjury.are by any of the laws now in force in this king-, dom, liable unto; and if any person shall corruptly procure or > suborn any other person to take such false oath or affirmation, and the person so procuring or suborning, shall be thereof convicted by . verdict, or upon his or her confession, every person so offending, shall for every such offence incur and suffer such penalties, pains, and disabilities, as persons convicted of subornarion of perjury are by any of the laws now in force liable unto.

6s 8J.

XIV. And whereas the commissioners of account have this fef-npp'Canng to fion of parliament reported that a sum of three thousand two hun-.hands of the tired and eighty-one pounds six shillings and eight pence, appearing It'patridtV to be ..in the hands of the governors of St. Patrick’s hospital, is ail hospitni, is an infuher disallowed- by the commissioners many years back, on ac-

afuftr, which J ‘ 1 1 \

can only be count of its not being supported by vouchers which were loft, by a

a-Wpariia- former matter, and that the said sum or vouchers to suppurt it can

mem: . never he- recovered, and that in its present state it does the institu-

tion confiJcrable injury, for at a time that they are not able to discharge their expences within the year, they appear to have a large

Ann of money in their hands, and that the said hfufer can only

be Ai lick off hv act of parliament, which they the said commilfi-

oners strongly recommended, that the publick may know the real

"state of this charity,than which none Hands more deserving of publick

not to sM aid, be it therefore enacted, That the said commissioners of account

accounting ' he, and they are hereby authorized to ftiike off the said Ann of

for money t]irca thousand two hundred and eighty- one pounds six shillings

and

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. r c Cj

and eight pence, if they shall think fit, and if the find con’.mifii- A. 1 oners of aciounr dull think proper so to do, then the find trover- ’J'- '1

nors of Saint Patrick's hospital, shall by virtue thereof he difeiiarged

from, and of the said film of three thousand two hundred and ;l: v'" ’ eighty-one pounds six shillings and eight pence accordingly, provided that nothing herein contained shall he conllrued to alter or afr'efl: the mode of accounting for money granted, or to be granted to the commissioners of first-i’ruits for the building or re building oi: churches or glcbe-lioules, as now established by law.

CHAP. LVII.

Jo Act to amend an AF passed in the Fhirty-sixth Year of His prefill t Mtijifiy, entitled, An act to make coafpiring to Murder, Felony., without Benijil of Clergy.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of Hy 3/1O-j-the reign of Ids present Majesty, entitled, an act to male f0" conspinng to murder, felony, without benefit of clergy, it is enacted, "j-That all persons who shall be by due conrl’o of lav/ convicted of conspiring, confederating, and agreeing to murder any person, shall be, and be adjudged felons, and shall fuller death as felons, without benefit of clergy: And whereas the said recited act hath fti, I ifl has been found ineffectual for the punishnicnt of the crimes of pro- tua"-posing to, foliating, and perluading others to enter into and engage in Inch conspiracies; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any per- perfom who son or perl’ons who shall propose to, folicir, encourage, perluade, SthcrV'to' or endeavour to encourage or persuade any person or persons to murder any person, and shall he thereof by due course of law convicted, shall be, and be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuller death, as in case; of felony, without benefit of clergy,

12(1

Vor,. XVIII.

CHAP.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treafmy in Ireland, to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England, the Sum therein mentioned, as a Loan, in Part of the Sup ply granted to His Majesty, and for securing the Interef and Charges thereon, and on a Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, liriltjh Currency, therein mentioned.

1066 A.D. 1798. Chap. 58.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in this present feffinn of parliament, entitled. An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the intcrcjl upon the principal sums there-. in provided for, and towards the discharge of such.principal films, in fitch manner as therein is directed, and Jar enabling the officers of His M>-jfly’s treasury, to-receive certain -sums for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and fir granting to His Majesty a certain fim of money out if the consolidatcdfund, andfir applying a certain fun of money therein mentioned, fir the service oj the year one thou-fatul seven hundred and ninety-eight, and fir other purfifes " it is By recited enacted, That-by and out uf'.such monies as shall from time to time, be and remain in the receipt-of the exchequer of the surplus of the fund, called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-lifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, after paying and refetving sufficient to pay all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament, or by any act or acts passed this session of parliament, to he paid out of the fame, shall and may be iHiied, and applied for, and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty, for the year one thousand seven hundred q|id mnetv-eight, a sum not exceeding'four million two hundred and forty-six thousand eight hundred and Seventy pounds Sixteen c,0 coo! shillings and three pence farthing: And whereas a sum not exceed-Britiiii.granting two millions of pounds-British currency, hath been granted to ment of his Majesty, by the parliament of Great Britain, to enable his w ranU'"’ Majesty to make remittances from time to time, to be applied to

Ireland, for his service in Ireland, in such maimer as should be approved of by whichintcreil . '

and charges the parliament of Ireland, onprovinon being made oy the i<ud par-vijed fr°" liament, for defraying the infereft and charges of a loan to iliac amount; in order therefore to raise the Said sum, not exceeding

two

Hft-Of this session, -^,2j6 870l. 16s. jid. may he ifiucd out of surplus of consolidated fund, to-wauls the supply granted to ht$ M-i-

jesty;

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1067

two millions of pounds British currency, as part of the said flip- A.D. ply granted to his Majesty: be it enacted by the king’s most cx- 1798. cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Ipirltual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and commissioaeri may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, to receive, or cause to be received at the receipt of y receive his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, from the commissioners of his liritiili,fro Majesty's treasury in England, all such l'um and sums, not exceed- "oEh"*‘ ing the said lum of two millions ol pounds British currency, a- ipi'ticJ^as mounting in Irish currency to the sum of two million one hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence, as shall be paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and the fame shall be applied by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, towards the several purposes for which the said supply granted to his Majesty, by the said receited act, is thereby directed to be applied.

II. And whereas the said sum of two millions of pounds, hath Said Him been raised in Great Britain, by loan, at an interest of six pounds ]jons ]la! been per centum per annum, four pounds ten shillings thereof, to com- g,be.[jninJ^-mence from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred terms herein and ninety-eight, and to be paid half-yearly, on every fifth day of July, and fifth day of January, and the remaining one pound ten shillings, to commence from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to be paid on every fifth day of October, and fifth day of April, together with an annuity at the rate of four shillings and eleven-pence, for every one hundred pounds of the said sum, to commence from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to continue lor the term of sixty-one years, and nine months, and then to ccafe: and whereas the said loan of two millions of pounds is Cul;- , Mn is jest to a yearly charge of one pound per centum, on the capital 1

flock, created thereby, being four millions of pounds, and also to v;.iuc oi an-a Yearly sum after the rate cf one pound per centum, of the value "s/jn'.obc of the said anmiitv of four shillings and eleven pence, to he iffiicd cl" by the commissioners of the treasury in England, to the commissioners appointed by act of parliament in Great Britain, for reducing the national debt, to be applied in the reduction thereof, and to be issued by quarterly payments; in order thcrclorc to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, to cause the said interest, annuity, ami charges to he regularly paid; be it enacted, That out of ail, or any of the aids and duties appropri-ii 0 2 ated

i&53 7'h ilhly-eighth Year of Cv.r;r:;2 ill.

A.

J70s-

Chrtj> 5 fi.

li.ih } v- *rJy inter, j! hi*4 vn 1

Urlj

ilmll

be ii-.uctl 1'Oi'A

y in and

fwiil in Lou-

1,500 c:^. Briiitli. ki.m-liinrc') *» m a.1* i \A fcfiijn, J>-.s bscnpil into irvilury, in h-vin men-I'.icr.td:

a ted to the pavir.eiu of the intcrell and charges ol'i.ny :'u;n of fa ms of money raised by loan, in piii'fu.mce of any ac: nr aus of nrriia-nient made in Ireland, the commissioners el’his frisjcliv’s treasury in Ireland, shall caulo to be ifiucd and paid in England, o:lt or the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer ill /"eland,-anti pay ill London, to the coiuiiiiflioneir. of his Majesty's tie.iliiry in EmJ.tml, the amount of each half-yearly intcrcfi: and annuity, and quarterly charge.

III. And whereas a fom of one int'hoti five hundred tiioufand pounds Britilli eiirrcncy, mentioned in an act of paiiiainer.t passed in this kingdom, in the Lift llllion of paiiiament, entitled, An ail fur raping by loan the f-veral sums therein mentinicd, ton-arils the Ji/pply granted to his ?cinjfi_y, fur the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety fevc.i, and for /retiring the payment of the interest thereof and for enabling- the cowmifjhners of the treasury in Ireland, to receive from the comaijfioners of the treasury in England, the sum therein mentioned, towards the said lean, and for fccurhi;

aYul loanb Wijeft to 0

li. 19s. Sr IO per cent per aim. 10 be ifliicil quarterly.

an interest for the fame, and to provide for the discharge of the said Jinn, and mill'd by loan in Great Britain, hath been paid at die receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in this kingdom, by tire coill-miliioncrr, of his Majesty's treasury in England, upon the terms of provision being made fur the intcrcfi: and charges of the loan to that amount made in Great Britain, that is to lay, a yearly inte-rcfl of li:; pounds one shilling per centum, three pounds fifteen shillings thereof, to commence from the fifth day of January one tiioufand /even hundred and liincty-seven, and to be paid on every fifth day of July, and fifth clay of January, and the remaining two pounds six shillings, to commence from the fifth day of April, -one tiioufand seven hundred and ninety-ieven, and to be paid on every fifth clay of October and fifth day of April, together with an annuity Oi six shillings and lix pence per centum, to commence from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ieven, and to continue for the term of sixty-two years and nine months, and then to cease; and the said loan is subject to a charge at the rate of one pound nineteen shillings and ten per centum per annum, on the said film of one million five hundred thousand pounds, to lie ififuctl quarterly by the commissioners of the treasury in England, to the commissioners for reducing the national debt of Great Britain.

IV. Ar«! whereas it is necefiliry to make provision to re-pay the commissioners of tile treasury in England, the intcrcfi: and charges incurred on the said linn of one million five hundred thousand pounds.

1

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 10C9

pound?, so paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ire- A.D. land, am! to enable the commissioners of the treasury in England, *79* to pay the future interest and charges on the said fmn; be it enact- lucrcit, ed, That out of the aforesaid duties, the commissioners of his Ma- 'P!1 2nd

1 1 Charges

jetty’s treasury in Ireland, shall ifltie out of the receipt of his Ma- onfu.j jetty’s exchequer in Ireland, and pay in London to the commilfi- ih’ait be iirued oners of his Majesty's treasury in England, all interest, annuity, and charges already incurred on the said sum of one million five lami, and piid hundred thousand pounds, and shall cause to he issued and paid in England, in like manner, and pay to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, the amount of each half-yearly in-tcreft and annuity and quarterly charge.

V. And whereas provision has been herein made as aforesaid, for defraying the interest and charge on said recited sum of one

million five hundred thousand pounds, be it enacted, That so I’.-.tt of said much of the said last mentioned act as respects the providing for the interest and charge of said loan, and for making provision for re‘ a sinking fund to repay the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, he, and is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enacted, That all films which are issuable, or Sumi issued have been iflited by the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland,

to the commissioners in Ireland for managing the sinking fund, so respecting raid far as respects the said sum of one million five hundred thousand JhalTbcre!" pounds, shall be repaid, and shall he placed to the credit of the pa'd-loan, or other fund from whence such films were issued or iffua-able.

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Property in the Service of Perfotts transporled from this Kingdom. '

WHEREAS doubts have been entertained, whether by the laws now in force, the property in the service of offen-dets transported under rules of courts of justice, or conditional pardons, may be transferred: lor removal whereof, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord lieu-lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king- b^Wirument dom, by instruinent in writing, signed by him or them, or by his, or their secretary, to transfer all offenders, who shall be, or who order to be Vol. XVIII. i2 P now o»£»d,a

1070 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

now are under sentence, or rule of transportation, and all offen-

r7yfJ. tiers who have ol-.tained, or shall obtain his Majesty's pardon, 0:1

under f-n- condition of transportation (except in cases where ofienders shall unco of tmnf, obtain his Majesty's pardon, on condition of transporting them-

poriauon, 10 j j i

any jicrfonsor (elves) or to order the transfer of such offender or often tiers, 10

for the^imc any person or persons, and his and their aliens, as the iord licti-

tcim. for tenant, or other chief governor or governors shall think fit, for the

v.hicnif- ’ "

fui.lcri ii.,vc fame term, for which such offender or ofienders, shall relpcflively tot"Tra'f-d have been ordered to he transported, or as shall he specified in any ported. . pucj1 condition of pardon, and the person or persons to whom such assignment shall he made, his, or their alliens, shall have a property in the fe. viee of such offender or offenders, for lbch terms . respectively.

CHAP. LX.

A'11 Art for inicting Corporations.

The rebel-

lion Ilia piv-vcntcil corpo. j-aiiuii'- from on

d.ivs :ij-puin:-

cj tv ch-r-icj s;

n.' S)o-dish so pre-

1 clays

pri.tr to tjao I’oo, I'ur Cl.'CluM Of

OCtcers wl-.otV t. rm c oi lince . 2O.May.1798.

or shall expire before 1 |an. 1799, Hull be deemed oiiicers until ucw elections.

WJ I- ~ A S divers bodies corporate in this kingdom, have been prevented by t!ie horrid and unnatural rebellion which has broken out, from alilmbling on the days appointed by their chattels respectively for the election of corporate ollicers; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad\ ice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all bodies corporate, which have been, or may be prevented by the said horrid and unnatural rebellion, from assembling on the days appointed by their charters respectively, for the ekdion of corporate ollicers to meet and assemble at their usual place of meeting for litch purpose, on any day to he appointed by such corporate body, p-ior to the first of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and then and there to proceed to the election of corporate officers, to serve for the remainder of the current year, pursuant to their respective charters.

II. And be it enacted, That all officers of any corporation in this kingdom, who had been duly defied and admitted to lerve in corporate offices, for any term which expired at any time since the twentieth of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or shall expire at any time prior to the first of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be deemed and taken to be legal officers of such corporations respectively, to all intents 2 and

7 he thirty-eighth 'Year of George III. I c y i

3.'.; [ jrpefes, until new elections shall take pl.ice by vimie of this A. 0. act. I79-'-

III. And be it enacted, That notice fr.ail be given of ..li such elections to be hoklen by virtue of this act, fifteen days previous !|",o1 to the day of holding the fame, by affixing a written notification oiuun of the day when fuclt election is to take ['lace, on the door of the tov.-n-linufe, or oilier hnufc or place where fuih elections luvu 11" J f’y

’ ui cl ci.ic-dr.

been nfually holden, signed by the fovcrckn or other chief officer if Inch corporations respectively.

IV. Ami whereas the piovoft and fellows of the college of the rniMil.mJ holy and undivided Trinity, near Dublin, have been prevented by ‘c’a the said rebellion from proceeding to the election of fellows of the Vp-iiiyiiolJ said college at the time appointed by the statutes c.fthe said college; iV'fm.s, pr;or be it tlieicfore enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for tile proved and fdlows of the said college to hold an clcciion of fellows of the K- v-'is '--said college, in such manner as is appointed by the ft antes of the i.Ju.r ' ' fume, at any time prior to the full (lay of Novell.her, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-cigh', pubhcl: notice hying fir.I given by the register of the said college, of the day appointed for holding such election, two months at the lead prior to holding the same.

CHAP. LXI.

An Act for better enforcing the Execution of the Act made for the Trial of controverted Elections of Members to five in Parliament, by difqnalifying certain Persons who have endeavoured to ol’flntil the due Execution thereof from voting at any EleSiou hereafter.

WHF. R.-EA3 Gilbert Roycroft of Dcansfort, county of ci’bm R' Icoiiiiiic n, Richard 'I}lcr, fuiior, Richard Tyler, ju- J>;cpTpir, nior, and lidw; Jones, all of Rclccmmon, did as far as lay in ff", Rlfh-

J # ' Mcr.juit.

their power, ciidc.ivour to ohllrucl the beneficial eiTeft of the laws ..nd Edward for fevering the iiccdom of elections and the rights of cleftors of mvmbei:. to serve in parliament, by contumadously nithstanding e\n.iy psueifs to compel them to give evidence before the felefl: comniiucc of the house of commons appointed to try the merits of the late election for the county of Roscommon: Be it there-foie enacted i y the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and -confen: of the lords spiritual and temporal, and said persons commons in this present parliament assembled, That the said Gil- f07cvcralf-bert Roycroft, Richard Tyler, ienior, Richard Tyler, junior, and qualified from 12 P 2 Edward elcfiion;

107a The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

Edward Jones, shall be for such their conduct, disqualified, and *79^- they are hereby disqualified for ever hereafter from voting at any

L v~'* election for any member or members to serve in parliament in this 500l. penalty kingdom; and if any sheriff or other returning officer or officers, officer°for"ac- shall accept at any such election the vote of any of the said per-vote'lrom fons, or permit his poll to be entered on the poll-book, such vote any of iiinm, aI1d entry shall he void, and such flierift, or other returning officer an vote voi . officers, shall forfeit the fit in of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, to the use of any person who shall flic for the fame, iri which no cflbign or wager at lav, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

CHAP. LXII.

An Act to further explain and amend the Laves now in Force, relating to the Militia of this Kingdom.

Preamble, TIT WHEREAS nottvithihnding the provisions of the laws ’ now in force, relating to the militia of this kingdom, con-fnlcrable delays have taken place in some counties in providing men, and some commanding officers from zeal for the service, have raised men at their own expence, for which they cannot he re-imbursed under the provisions of the said laws; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That upon notice being served upon the clerk of the general meetings, or if no clerk of the general meetings shall have been appointed, the notice to be served upon the clerk of the peace of any county, county of a town or city, of any vacancy in the regiment or battalion belonging to the said county, county of a town or city, specifying if the same shall have come to the knowledge of the colonel, or commanding officer of the regiment, the pariiii or place which is bound to supply the said vacancy, if within one month after such notice shall have been served, an able and sufficient man shall not be produced by the said parish or place, and enrolled to serve for the same as by law directed, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of the said regiment or battalion to en-lift, or; to cause to be enlisted, a man to serve for the said parish or place, or for the county at large, as the case may be, for such time,

as

' Upon notice being fetved on clerk of general meet* ings, or clerk of peace, of any vacancy, if an able man be not pro- duced in 1 month, by such place, the com* Handing of* ficer may eit lift a man to serve as by 37 Geo. 3. bounty not to exceed 4I, such person to be a militia man, to all intents and purposes.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1073

as any man balloted to serve In the militia is compellable to serve, A.D. by an act palfe'd in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, 1798. entitled, an act to explain and amend the laws now in force, re- Chap. f>3. Idling to the militia of this kingdom., and to agree to give him any ' ' 1

sum as bounty not exceeding four pounds Acrling, which man shall be set down to fcrvc for said parish or place, or for the county at large, and shall be deemed and taken to be a militia-man, to all intents and purposes, and shall receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations in force with respect to any persons serving as militia-men; and that all and every the rules and regulations, provisiens, matters, and things contained in any laws in force for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, shall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any such person so sworn, as to any person who has been enrolled as a militia-man under the provisions of the cxilting laws, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the commanding officer of Command-such regiment or battalion, shall transmit to the treasurer of his county some time within one month previous to the assizes thereof, f1'"lo

J 1 r.vh<l, to

or if to the treasurer of the county or city of Dublin, within one irrafumrs, :t month previous to each presenting term, in addition to the lift of Vacancies which ho is now bound by law to send to the treasurer "I1,"?"1’

J verified oa

an account in writing signed by himself, and verified on oath, of rath; the number of non-commissioned officers, drummers and privates, that hath already been raised previous to the passing of this act, or shall hereafter be raised, as aforesaid, at the expence of him the said commanding officer, or otherwise, than at the expence of the parish or place, or of the county at large, for the purpose of, or towards the numbers wanting to complete his regiment or battalion, and for what parish or place he shall have set the fame down to serve, as also of the actual expence incurred in railing such men; and the treasurer shall cause the said account to be entered in the trenforersio schedule of the affidavits, which is by law to be laid before the counts enter-judge of assize and grand jury, to ground presentments on, and £jj" the said account shall be read aloud in the open court at the affixes davits, soil

r ' -|Uicy tic

or terms, as the case may be, m presence of the grand jury; and IKniin court; the court shall thereupon direct the treasurer in Hilling his warrant (,crrajn for levying the public ccfs, to direct a further sum of five pounds levied oil for each and every man so raised by the said commanding officer at

which irrc n

his own expence, or otherwise, as aforesaid, to he levied oft the 'or

parish, place, difirift or barony, for which the men so raised shall Ifje. have been set-down to serve, or off the county at large, as in his discretion he shall think fit; and the court shall direct the treasurer Vol. XVIII. 12 Q. to

io;4 The thirty eighth Year of George :IlT.

_{[. D to pay out of the lines so levied, to such commanding officer, the I ft)';. . actual cxprnce which shall appear by the said account to have been Chap. C)2. incurred in railing men, -not exceeding the said sum-of five pounds -for each man, and the money, if any remaining out of the said lines, shall he paid by the troafurer into his Majesty's treasury, fee ..the. ule-.of his Majesty, ids heirs and iiicccllors. nM,b:, HI- Whereas, doubts have ariion v.’hether the clanfe in an nil '"H\ina *n !‘lc thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled,

cl,:

cl,:jtt: i.i tile ,j/i ell to explain and amend the lanes none ill force, relating to lL' ii/utn r.-- militia nf this kingdom, whereby- the sum of five pounds is leviable, for each non-comniifiicned cither and private man wanting to complete each, regiment or battalion of militia, is confined to the citablishment of fitch, regiment or battalion, as fixed by an act passed in the thirty-third year of his said Majesty, entitled, a t act for amending and redneiu« into -*v all of parliament, the lews rclalin£ to the militia w Inland, or whether the said cl a life extends to the augmentation directed to be made lo-tni: laid ftiiidilhnicnr, by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of-hie. said MujJly,-entitled, <« all to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-third year o)' the . reign of Lis prifent MajrJIj, -entitled, an ail for intending and reducing into one all of parUi.ment the laws relating to the militia in Ireland, and by the above receited act. pallid h the thirty-seventh re'u-.ner.u or year of his said Majesty; be it declared and enacted,. That the ®(‘Ijlllb0J,n'! establilliment of each of the said regiments or battalions, as fixed g. 3. and_ . by the said receited act passed, in the thirty-third year of the.reign of tiier«u"by 3j"'. his. ptefciit- Majesty, as also the augmentation directed to be made 'b-ik-cmi-u to the said -establilliment, under the provisions of an act passed in one and the , the thirty-fifth-year, of his said. Majesty, shall he,deemed and taken -to be -one and the fame body, and shall hereafter be kept up and - maintained by the fame provisions and regulations, and that the above recited clause shall be conllrued to extend equally to the said establilliment, and to the said.augmentations, so directed to be made thereto,

Not to

IV. Provided always, That,nothing herein contained fi.all he mcn^cctivcJ conllrued to charge the county, county of a town or city, with fc'vicL-'und r ^'n8 UP vacancies occasioned by the death, discharge, or desertion powers veiled of such volunteers as have been received into the militia service, un-tennnn by1^; der tl'.c powers veiled by the said receited act passed in the thii ty-filih

G. 3. as year of his firclent Majesty, in the lord lieutenant, or other chief

h-rcm rc- 1 - ,

cited. governor or governors or this Kingdom, for the time being, to augment any regiment-or battalion, so that the.strength of inch company shall not exceed one hundred rank and file p.cr company, it

being

fame body, aiU laid cl.iufc Ih ill b: so con* It rued.

3

10

/ 0

The thirty-eighth 'Year of George III.

being llie intention of the said receited act, that the men lb enrolled A. 0. in addition to the cfhblishment of the militia, as then fixed at I'e- 179>>-venty rank and file per company, should he raised and kept up without any charge being made on the counties whatsoever.

V. Provided always, That no line shall he levied for the vn- No 6kc» :< cancy of any person, for whom any parish or town-land shall have ^i're'r.1. i..u actually paid previous to the passing of this act, the him of lb: pounds, according to the provisions of the said act passed in the usJoi; it« thirty-fifth year of his said Majesty, or on which the Itttn of ten

pounds shall have been levied for filth vacancy, during tiic period cf four years from the time of fitch film being paid, or fitch fine being levied, but such vacancy shall be filled up at the expence of the ftcck-purse of the regiment or battalion, during the said period, as provided by the said act.

VI. And provided also, That all fines so levied, shall be paid by Fires to hr

the treasurer of each county or city, into his Majesty's t realm y, for r-b-

the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succesiorr, subject to the dc-

- 11 J (lucllolli !<*r

dttftions herein before prescribed for reimlurfing the commanding r«mb»riu.; officer, for each and every man raised by him, at his own expence, or otherwise.

VII. And in order that the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury may have full knowledge of the amount of fines so levied

be it enacted, That the clerks of the crown of the respective cir- Cicih a cuits, shall transmit to his Majesty's treasury, as fcon as cop.vc- u^'roUs-niently may be after each assizes, the amount thereof, specifying j1;®. °* k"11 the proportion directed to he paid as aforesaid, for men raised balance w b-otherwise than at the expence of the parish or place, and the ha- f^! '0 tK" lance to be paid into his Majesty's treasury, for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient for the general defence of tills

kingdom, to continue in the service fitch militia-men as shall be entitled to their discharges, before the twenty-fourth day of June,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall be willing

to re-enlist; be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the . Commamt.

ing officers of

commanding ontccr of any regiment or battalion or militia, to con- m tic a may tinue in the service such men as shall be entitled to their discharges, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred "Isanti ninety-nine, and shall be willing to re-enlist before their time shall expire, to serve for four years, and for such further time as any war in which this kingdom may be engaged at the expiration of the said term may continue, and for two months after the expiration of such war. '

t2

io*jC) Xhe thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798.

; Chap. C2.

Mi'itja-nion

re-cnlilled,

shall take the . oath prescrib-cd by 37G-'3-

If persons . rc.enlilUd

; have taken , an oath, sign-' ed an agree-nient, or acknowledged receipt of . money, bc-Jorc.ihis actj,> , fuefy shall be t deemed valid;

Persons so , enlisted, shall be militia-men, 10 all intents and . purposes,

IX. And be it further enacted, That persons so rc-enlisted, shall take the oath prefciihcc! to he taken by. persons chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, by the said receited act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign.

;X. And be it further enacted, That if any.fitch person so tc-enlisted, shall, previous to the passing of this act, have taken an oath as a militia-man to serve for four years, and to the end of any war in which this kingdom may be engaged at the expiration of fail! term, and for two months after it shall have ccafed, or shall have, signed any agreement to such purpose, or shall have acknowledged by signaturc, or otherwise, the receipt of any money for such purpose, such. oath or signaturc of consent or receipt, shall be. as valid to all intents and purposes during the period mentioned therein, as the oath prescribed by the said receited act.

Oil. 'And be it further enacted, That every person so enlisted, having- taken an oath, or signed any agreement or receipt to the foregoing purport, shall be deemed, and taken to be an enlisted militia-man, to all intents and purposes, ancF shall receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations in force with respect to any persons fencing as militia-men, and that all and every the rules, regulations, provisions, matters, and things contained in.any laws in force, for the punishing. of mutiny and desertion, shall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any such person so.fworo, as to.any person who has been enrolled as a militia-man under . the provisions of the

existing laws, or either of them.

Sams or-

XII. And be it further enacted, That all such films which the be"" l°r<J lieutenant, or other, chief, governor or governors of this king-riuJy'nr dom, shall, direct any collector of his Majesty's revenue -to pay to fu.int to a the colonel, or commanding officer of any regiment, or battalion of May,°[798, militia, for the purpose of re-enlisting such militia-men as afore-shall beoi- fa;j pursuant to a vote of the house of commons of the feeond

lowed in their ' r

accounts, day of May, one thousand fevea.hundred and-ninety-eight, every such.collector is hereby authorized and required to pay, and all films so paid, shall be allowed to him in his account.

XIII. And whereas such rc-enlistingwiil save much.expence and inconvenience to the county, which would otherwise be obliged to Names of provide.men to serve in the place of the-men so re-enlisting, if their persons re- period of service were to he buffered to expire, and it is therefore proridons oi just and reasonable, that tire expence thereof should he rc-imbursed with dates to his Majesty's revenue by each county so benefited: be it further and Tams paid, enacted, That the names of the.persons who shall have re-enlisted

to be deliver-

cdtorletks UFlclei

7 be thirty-cigblb Year of George III.

under the provisions of the said vote, with the dates of tilth rc-enliilment, and amount of bounty paid to each, find! from time to time he delivered to the several clerks of the crown by the proper officer of his Majesty's treasury, to he by him laid before tiic court at the several assizes, and in the county and city of Dublin, at the profaning terms, and that each court shall give the fame in charge to the grand jury, to present the linns necessary for re-imburling the expence thereof, the same to he raised on the county at large, and paid, to the receiver-general, which presentment every grand jury is hereby authorized and required to make, and in case the grand jury of any county, county of a town or city, at any assizes or present'ing term, shall neglect or omit to make Inch presentment, then am! in such case, the rreaiurer of Inch county, county of a town or city, shall, and he is hereby required to add in the warrant which he shall issue, to levy the sums presented at such affixes, or presenting term, to he raised off the county at large, all such sums of money as shall be necessary for rc-imburling his Majesty's revenue as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no surgeon or surgeon’s mate of any regiment, or battalion of militia, shall be capable of holding any commission in such regiment or battalion, favc and except the commission of surgeon or surgeon’s-mate, and the pay of every surgeon of militia shall he seven shillings and six pence per day, during the time the militia shall he drawn out and embodied, and no longer, and the pay of every surgeon’s-mate of militia shall be five shillings per day during the time the militia shall be drawn out and embodied, and no longer.

XV. And whereas it is rcafcnable that every surgeon oi surgeon’s-mate, who now holds another commission in any regiment or battalion of militia, having come into the service, upon the faith of Iris being permitted to hold such other commission, flioitld have some allowance, in consequence of his being hereby rendered incapable of holding the fame: lie it enacted, That an allowance of such further film per day, shall lie paid to every such surgeon or surgeon’s-mate, as together with the foregoing pay, shall amount to the sum he is now entitled to receive, in virtue of his two commissions, the said allowance to he issued to 'the said surgeon or surgeon’s-mate, without any deduction for arrears, or any other purpose whatsoever, so long as lie shall continue to hold the said commission of surgeon cr surgeon’s-mate respectively, a*id so long as the militia shall be drawn out and embodied, and no longer.

Vol. XVIII. i R XVI. And

i^//

A.D.

i/hS. Chap. 63.

of cro\vti,\v!.t> shall lay tln-:n befrtr the courts, lb:

prt'frnt'ticnifi.

to hfl i.V.f.J

on county at large, anil paid 10 1 c-ceivor-gen. to riMinlnirfe bisAl tjdilv'a icvuiuej

ifgrand juries do rot prtfop.i such Jams, county tier.-

furcj\> fl.a]| add them In warrants for laying ptc-fentments.

Surgeons, or surgeon's mates, not to hold ether

cuirnninhns;

7s. per day for a surgeon, and 5s. lor a surgeon’s mate, whiiz drawn out and embodied.

Allowance to be made to surgeons anti surgeons' mates, which with foregoing pay, will be cijiifl) to sums they are now entitled

1078 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That surgeon’s-matcs dull be 1798. entitled in time of peace, to the provisions and allowances to which ' surgeon’s lieutenant* of militia are entitled by an act passed in the thirty-to’afiow" nc« ^event^ year h's Pr<dent Majesty, entitled, an act for mating al-granted by lowances in certain cases to fubaltcrn r/fficers of the militia in time of

37 G. 3* >" j.,

Jiffuienanrs. fJCUUt

Serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall serve as such, until legally dtf-Ciiarged

serjeants or rorporals reduced, shall serve for 3 years, unless court-martial shall specify a i/horter time.

XVII. And be it declared and enacted, That all serjeants, corporals, and drummers of militia, who have received pay as fuel), shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve as fuel), until legally discharged, whether they shall have been attested as such or not, or whether the time specified in their original attesta-tion shall have expired, or not, and every serjeant or corporal, reduced to the condition of a private soldier by sentence of a court-martial, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve as such for three years, from the date of such reduction, unless the court-martial which shall have tried him, shall in their sentence

specify l'ome lhorter period of service, and such serjeant or corporal, (as the case may be) shall be entitled to his discharge, at the expiration of such period, unless he shall be restored to the rank and par of a non-commissioned officer.

CHAP. LXIII.

Jin Alt to continue an Act passed in the Thiriy-seventh Year of His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An at! for regidating and extending the tobacco trade, and for securing the Tobacco duties payable upon the import and manufacture of tobacco: be it en-cont'mucd 10 acted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad-June, vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons

«i.iofno.t in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the ftffi.n. fame> That the said act shall be, and continue to of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAT.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

1079 A.D. 1798.

C. HAP. LXIV.

An Act to authorize the ift'tsing and Payment of the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, granted as a further Supply to the Foundling Hospital and IVcrk-houJe in the City of Dublin.

BE it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and 50C0l. may with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-poral, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and hppon of for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time he-ing, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to issue and pay out of the fund called the consoli- dated fund, to the acting governors of the foundling hospital, or five or more of them, the sum of five thousand pounds, for and towards defraying the necessary expences to be incurred in the maintenance of the said charity.

CHAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the Chief Governor of this Kingdom to appoint one of His Majesty's Cottnfel learned in the Law, to be Chairman of the Section of the Peace in the County of Dublin, during good Behaviour.

WHEREAS from the great encrease of capital and other P«amblt-crimes within the county of Dublin, it is expedient that a person learned in the laws should attend and presidc at the sessions of the peace holden in the said county; be it ensiled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ami commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall His Majesty be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by letters patent under the great seal of this kingdom, to appoint from time to time, one of his Majesty's counsel learned in the laws, to be chair- Kimainham, man of the sessions of the peace in and for the county of Dublin, j^S’ng'good and that every person so to be appointed, shall continue to hold bch,viour' the said office, and receive the salary thereunto annexed, during 12 R 2 his

io£o The thiriyc'ighih Tear, of George III.

A. I), his good behaviour therein, ami that the person holding the hid

olliec under such letters patent, shall lie invoiced with all powers

l’nwjrs ai.d and authorities whatl'ocvcr, with which the justices of the ]tcace

-.luiy ut r. ic! afrlsriicd under the usual commissions of the peace passed under the chini mniu ° 1

great leal are, or from time to time shall be inverted, and shall at-

tend at every session of the peace to be holden in and for the said

county, and preside thereat as chairman, unless some one of the

chief or other judges or serjeants at law, being a justice of the

peace of the said county, happen to be present, in which case fitch

judge or serjeant according to his precedence shall preside.

Any King's Jl. And be it further enacted, That if the chairman l'o appoint-

cocinicl np- , r*

pointed by ed, be at any time absent from such lemon, any of his Majesty's man 'nayaS counsel learned in the law, to be by such chairman appointed, may fenceab al^ as c'la*rman of such session during his absence.

Chairman

III. And be it enacted, That the person appointed to the said of 'lo'vuhSanJ- fce> Huill during the said term continue therein, notwithstanding the detnife of the King (whom God long preserve) or any of his heirs or successors.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to remove the person appointed to the said office, upon the address of both houses of parliament.

ing the de-ruse of the King.

Chairman may be ie-inoveJ upon address of both houses.

CHAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity of One Thousand Six Hundred Pounds per Annum, to Robert Boyd, for his Services as a Judge.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Commons to grant lfool- a year to Robert BojHl, pursuani to his Majesty's mcllage.

WHEREAS his excellency earl Camden, lord lieutenant general and general governor of Ireland, by his mef-sage to your faithful commons, hath been pleased to signify, that your Majesty recommended to your faithful commons, to consider of enabling him to grant an annuity of one thousand six hundred pounds a year, to Robert Boyd, for his services as a judge. and whereas your Majesty's said commons, having taken into consideration the said message have unanimously agreed to enable your Majesty, to grant the said annuity to the said Robert Boyd, in manner herein after mentioned: Now we your Majesty's moil du- tiful

1

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1081

liful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, in Parliament nf- A.D. fembleij, duly considering your Majesty's intention, do moll hum- ^79^ hly beseech your Majesty, that it may be erwfted, and be it enacted by the King’s moll: excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for your Majesty, to grant His M.'j.-fly an annuity not exceeding one thotii'and six hundred pounds a year '"foovTvcar to the said Robert Boyd, during his natural life, to commence front RJj' the twenty-eighth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and payable w ninety-eight, and to be paid and payable out of the fund called the jLgcVa're. consolidated fund, quarterly, at such rimes and in like manner as the salaries of the judges are now payable and paid, without any deduction for pells or poundage, or otherwise, any tiling in an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty 5 crown in Itcland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list cjlMishment, under certain provisiont and regulations, to the contrary thereof in any wise notv.’ithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant which Notsore-shall he made tinder the authority of this act, shall extend or be jtity rKm confirmed to extend to restrain his Majesty from making any other grants^ndef grant or pension which he may now lawfully do under the provisi- 33 Geo. 3.

0ns of the said act.

CHAP. LXVII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty s Reign., Entitled, An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein mentioned.

end of next fiffion.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the Esponand thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the export, import, and sale of certain articles therein continued to mentioned; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by ^J^and and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, c""of and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and continue to be of force for one year, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament, and no longer.

i o8 2 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

: ? 79S.

T"-> CHAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners io enquire into - the Lojfes of fitch of His Majesys Loyal Subjects, as have ken Sufferers in their Property during the' subjijling Rebellion in this Kingdom.

' Sufferers in confc*

- quence of loy.iUy

ihouW be

componfated

and inquiry fliou’d be: made., ‘

1 Conuu’fiioners herein - named, Oral!

esquire intt Losses of loy-alifts during: the,rebellion,

WHEREAS it-is just and expedient, that persons who have

sufferedin their properties, in consequei.ee of their loyalty

to his Majesty during the -present rebellion, should receive a rea-r sonable-compensation for their Losses, to which, end. it is necessary

that a.diligent and impartial enquiry should he made into, fitch Losses, v/e pray your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enaQdd by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and.temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his grace the lord archbishop of Cafhcl, the right honourable Arthur L'ord Baron Kilwarclen, the right reverend the lord-hilltop of Killaloe, the'right reverend the lord bishop of Kil-more, the right honourable the chancellor of the exchequer, the honouiable Mr. justice Downes, the honourable Mr. justice Cham, berlain, the right honourable David Latonche, the right honourable Richard Anncfley,aiul the right honourable SackviIle.Hamiiton, shall be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners for inquiring into

the respective Losses of all Inch person and persons who have fuf- fered in their properties during- the present rebellion in this kingdom,.-in. consequence. of their, loyalty to his Majesty., and attachment to the government of this kingdom.

11.. And beiit' further enacted, That the commissioners in this . att named, before they enter upon the execution of the fame,: shall take the following oath, before any one of his Majesty's justices of the king’s bench, common pleas, or barons of the.ex-. chequer.

(Onii tobs /'A.B. do pwear, that accord'ing'to ibebe/l of myjlilland bnow-commim'-k'1 'ledge, I will faitbfullf impartially and truly execute Ibejcveral. oners. powers and trit/js vejled in me by an ail, entitled, An d3 for appointing, commifioners. to inquire, into, the Losses of such of bts Majestys loyal-subjects as have been ftipfeierssn their property during the -subjifling rebellion in this kingdom, according to the tenor, and.purport Jfsaid at!.

2

The thirty-'ei^htb.Teanof George III. ios

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall am! may he law- A. IV fnl to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of 179"\ them, and they are hereby authorized, "impowered, and required,

to examine upon oath (which oath they or any three or more of '.'omniis. them, are hereby authorized to administer) ail persons whom the r.aiiii.a- lip. said commissioners, or any three or more of them iltal! think lit, to examine touching all such matters and things as shall be necdliiry >‘q»:reJ shall for the execution of the powers vested in the said Commissioners by ala utioc'* this act, and all persons are hereby directed and required punftu- the)’ ally to attend the said cominifficners, at such time or place as they, or any three or more of them shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said SiWcom-commissioners, or any three or more of them are hereby authorized to meet and fit from time to time, with or without adjourn- froli"!

’ J, ro time, am]

ment, and to fend their precept or precepts tinder their hands and i!r"- i".c«i'n seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, b«k<!p"' papers, writings, or/rec-rds, as tiiey (bail judge necciiluy for their |ply information, in the execution of the powers vested in the said com-

miHloners by this act, and the said commissioners, or any live or U3 tcivaril hut more of them, are hereby authorized to appoint, and employ such bM-iSmej clerks, messengers, and officers as they shall think fit; which hr clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and-jierform the trull-in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any. thing, lor fitch tlteir service, other than such salary or reward as the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. Ail'd lie it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any five Commis.

or more of them, shall have power to fine any person refilling or tamm. neglecting to attend and give evidence before them, in, any Atm not exceeding- the Aim of ten pounds, or to imprison any such person- "yjJ"8’,e for any time not exceeding three weeks. -

VI. And be it enacted, That where the amount of the Losses fttf- Where loft tainedhy any person feu-king compenfa|ion' under this act, shall- cJii no'*' by such person be'Dated at a film not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds,.that, then said commissionersj or any five or more P°'vrr 3 ‘-r of them; may if they think fit, by warrant-under their hands and u°'ei?afal seals, empower any number of magistrates, _n6t less than three, in ^creiiTs

the county; where such person so claiming compensation shall have resided at the time of the Losses so fuliained,-. to inquire imo-the-amount bf-such-loffea, and such other matters as the said, commissioners-Dial!.direct.upon-evidence upon oath, in such - spanner as said commissioners shall by fuclt warrant direct, and^ such ntagif-

12 S 2 trates

1084 The tlirtydghih Year of George III.

A.D.

irate; shall report to the salt! commissioners the amount of such 179^- Losses, ami such other circumstances as the said commissioners shall

by such warrant direct magiilrawito

VII. Provided always, That such magistrates to whom such commit warrants shall he directed, shall take the oath herein before direct-iioners. e(| to [,c taken by the said commissioners, before they shall enter wtehio-n.5 upon the execution of the said warrant, which oath any one of the said magistrates named in the said warrant, is hereby authorized to administer to the rest, he having first taken the fame himself, in the presence of one or more of such magistrates.

Commit-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lhat precepts' a^ ca^-'s wftcre such commissioners shall think! fit so to do, but to sheriffs of not otherwise, the said commissioners may issue their precept under

Dublin- to re ’ ' r 1

turn juries, the hands and foals of five or more of them, commanding the bfls'afuley A^rifis of the city of Dublin to fuminon and return to them, on think lit; ,a day and hour, and, at a place to be named in the said precept, the names of a sufficient number of persons, out of whom a jury of twelve men, liable to no legal objection, may be chosen for the purpose of'trying and giving their verdict upon any fact, that the magistrates Paid commissioners may think lit to give them in charge,; ami that preccptAo in like manner inch magistrate, to whom such warrants of the wunfiesfin commissioners shall be directcdpshall have the fame power and like manner; authority to iflitc such precept to the Cheriff of the respective coun-msanlf'.na- ty where such magistrates shall execute such warrant, and that finTihcri5' ^ch commissioner!:s and such magistrates respectively, shall have the power of fining any llieriff or juror for not obeying such precepts, or attending in pursuance of1 such summons, in any sum not exceeding ten pounds.

Persons

IX. And be it further enacted, 'That if it shall appear to the beyond the said commissioners, that any person shall have delivered to them b^cxduded'1 an account or claim beyond the real loss, with an intent to obtain more than a just compensation, then such person shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

' Persons who give false evidence upon

oath, shall be pumlhcd as for perjury.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon oath before the said commissioners, shall wilfully, and corruply give false evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and diable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being :persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no claim, or request of any perfott or persons, for aid or relief, oil account of the lois of any property, during the prel’ent rebellion, tliall he received alter the spaee of iix months from the passing of this act, nor lor any lollcs Curtained prior to the full day of May lait.

XII. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majel-tv’s treasury, are hereby authorized and required to ilftte, and cattle to he paid, all inch films of money for the payment of clerks, met-fengers, and other olllcers, and in defraying all other necessary charges, in and about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions as shall he appointed by the said commissioners, or any lit e or more of them, and shall be approved of by the chief governor for the time being, by writing under their hands and l’eals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued.

XNI. And be it further dialled, That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation ol any one or more of the said commissioners, it tliall and may be lawful for his excellency the lord lieutenant for the time being, to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper, to supply such vacancy or vacancies, and that every person lo nominated and appointed, shall be held, and considered to he inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the commissioners appointed by this act.

XIV'. And be it enacted, That this all shall continue in force to the end of the next fdfion of parliament, and no longer.

X-'bi

A.

D.

N\> c’.iisa :«» be ttcciwd niter 6 Riunihs; nor tci iuiil'd lllf-taint'd before i May,

CtUll. Ol

trc.-iiun to issue such firms, fer payment of clerks, fee. &c. as lh.il! be appointed by hid cotn-missioners, and approved by chief go-vejiio.h.

On death or ivfign ion of Commissioners, lord (tout, may appoint others.

In force to the rtid of next session.

CHAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity for the Life of His Serene Highness the Prince of Mecklenburgh Stre/itz, Nephew to the SA/een.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS his excellency earl Camden, lord lieutenant general pfeamb.'e. W and general governor of this kingdom of Ireland, by your Majesty's command, did by his meflfage to your faithful commons of this kingdom, recommend to them, to consider of enabling his Majesty to grant an annuity of two thousand pounds per annum, for the fife of his serene highness the prince of Mecklenburgh Strelitz, nephew to the queen, and declaring that your Majesty had Vol. XVIII. 12 T no

ic86 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

no doubt but his faithful commons would chearfully embrace this

1790. Chap.

Commons agreed to . jjrant 2000l. a year to ;lie prince of Meck!en» burgh Stre-luz, purfiant to Iris M t-jerty’s mef-

fajc

: his Majesty miy fc;.lc zcooi. a year on ilia said prince, to co.mnence from 25 March, 1793, payable out of coulb.'i dated fuud.

Wot to re-

-firain his M.ijeilv from malting other grants, under 53 Geo. III.

occasion of (hciving their attachment to the serene house of your Majesty's royal confort: And whereas your Majesty's said commons having taken into consideration the said mefljge, have agreed to enable your Majesty to grant an annuity of two thousand pounds per annum, to the said piincc of Mecklenburgh StrcKiz, iu manner herein after mentioned: Now we your Majesty's most dutiiul and loyal subjects, the commons or Ireland, in parliament assemble i, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious intention, do nu ll humbly beseech your majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent M.ijtiiy, by and *-.iili the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament all'embled, and by the authority of the same, That it Audi and may be lawful for his Majesty to grant to and settle on his said serene higlmcfs the prince of Meek-lenburgh Strelitz, during his natural life, in fticlt manner as hi.: Majesty Atall think proper, a pension not exceeding two thousand pounds per annum, to commence from the twenty-hflh day 0* March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to he paid and payable out of the fund called the conl'olidated fund, any thing in an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesys crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list ejhiblishment, under certain provisions anil regulations, to the contrary thereof-notwithstanding.

11. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant which shall he made under the authority of this act, shall extend or be construed to extend to rcArain his Majesty from making any other grant or pension which he may now lawfully do, under the provisions of the said act, until the whole pension lift shall be reduced to eighty thousand pounds, as in the said act mentioned.

2

C HA P>

10^7

A.D.

: 708.

CHAP. LSX.

An Act for settling and securing a certain An'vtiv; nn Aim,

VifiMh! Duncan, and the iveo next Ptif.nt to ve'erit t);

Title «f Viscouni Duncan shall depend, in Consideralinn of the eminent Sem\e performed by tie j,aid Adam, i'ihuutt Duncan, to His Maje/lj and the Public.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

f"%T WHEREAS ills excellency Charles, ntarquia Cornwallis, tVa-ntik.

lord lieutenant general and general governor of Ireland, liv his raelT.ige to your faithful commons, hath been plealed to iig-nify, that he had it in command from your Majesty to acquaint your faithful commons, that your M.ijcfiy having taken into your royal consideratiim the eminent and lign.il service performed by Adam, viscount Duncan, one of the admirals of the blue, on the coall of Holland, in an engagement in the month of October ltd with the Dutch fleet, under the command of admiral de Winter, not only honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to his Mt-jeiiv’s kingdoms; and being delirous to bellow forne considerable and l.itii mark of his royal favour, as a tcllimony of his Mainly’s approbation of the said service, and for this purpose to give rind gram unto the said Adam, viscount Duncan, and to the two nett likcceding heirs male of the body of the said Adam, viscount .0 m ,n, to whom the title of viscount Duncan, shall defeend, for and lining their lives, an annuity of one thousand pounds per <; hut your Majesty not having it in your power to grant cm annuity to that amount, or to extend the c-ffeft of the said grant beyond the term of your own life, recommended it to your faithful commons to consider of a proper method of enabling your Majesty to grant the lame, and of extending, securing, and settling such annuity to the said Adam, viscount Duncan, and to the two next p-rfons on whom the title of viscount Duncan shall defeend, in inch manner as shall be thought moll effectual for the benefit of llit said Adam, viscount Duncan, and his family; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in parii iment assembled, having taken said meffitge into consideration, do most humbly beseechyoar Majesty, that it maybe enabled, and be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

12 T 3

commons

without nny duluclior,

1088 The thiiiy-e\ghlh Year of George III.

A.D.

commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the antho-1798.

rity of the fame, That one annuity or yearly rent or sum of one thotifaml pounds, IStitish currency, per annum, shall be issuing and 'as?1-K y-’-r payable out of, and charged, and chargeable upon the consolidat-lia paid (]uar- cd fund (after pjying or referring fulHeient to pay all fuell lum couatUuncan r‘iu' ^U!ns of money ;ls have been directed by any former a ft or ?fr'n"it"r :u-^s of parliament to be paid out of the fault, but with preference war’d= totiie to all other payments which shall or may hereafter he charged ered^ne'litio upon, or payable out of the said fund); and the fame shall, from niaicotiiii ti,ne to time, be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes ami de-

body, on,

»han ih: tide tltiftions vvluttfocviT, in manner and form following, that is to commendiv- ’ say, to Adam, now vil'eount Duncan, for and during the natuiai tro.n iStli life; of the said Adam, viscount Duncan, and from and after his (lc-

Aug. 1708. 1

and payable ccafe, unto the two next (uccccding heirs male of the body or the %, Xr *‘1 Adam, viscount Duncan, on witom the said title, honour, and dignity of viscount Duncan, shall defeend, for and during their natural lives, which said annuity, or yearly rent, or fuin, shall commence from the eighteenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the ftrfl payment to be computed from the said eighteenth day of August aforesaid, and from thenceforth shall be , paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year that is to say, the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, in every vear, hv even and equal portions} and the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to ifltte and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, the said annuity, by four quarterly payments, in maimer aforesaid.

Commtfljon- JI. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury now being, and all others the officers of the treasury and exchapter now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and things, as are herein before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be

done by them, or any or either of them, in order -to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed, eflefttial.

Receipts of

III. And be it enacted, That the acquittance or acquittances, re-canTrki.r "'P1 or receipts, of the said Adam, viscount Duncin, and the hoiic, shall be two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said Adam, vif-iviihou: liar- count Duncan, on whom the said title shall defeend, shall be a good durg» fluU an^ sufficient discharge for the payment of the said annuity, or be m.-de yearly sum, without any further or other warrant to be sued for

thcrccm. 1 1

ccv.of iro.v lu; y to r, MW tier tins art tlleiloal, without fee .-or icward.

or

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1089

or obtained in that behalf; and that the said annuity, or yearly A.D. rent, or sum, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from 179^ all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatfnever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said annuity, yearly rent, 8m! annu. or sum of one thousand pounds shall he, and the fame is by this add ,c ted in liX vested in the said Adam, viscount Duncan, and the two next fuc- c°'mil>un.

can, ami two

cceding heirs male of the body of the said Adam, viscount Dun- next heirs can, to whom the said title, honour and dignity of viscount Duncan whcnitMr. shall defeend; and the fame, or any part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed of, charged M mi be or incumbered by the said Adam, viscount Duncan, or by cither encumbered of the two next fucccding heirs male of the body of the said

viscount Duncan, on whom the said title shall defeend, for life of the

perfoti so aliening, Sec.

Adam,

any greater or larger eilate or time than during the natural life of the person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or incumbering the fame, or so as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or succeeding heir male of the body of the said Adam, viscount Duncan, to whom the said title of viscount Duncan shall defeend according to the limitations aforesaid.

V. Provided, nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant KoltoI(. which shall be made by his Majesty, under the authority of this Ma-

act, shall extend or be construed to extend, to restrain his Ma- making any jetty from making any other grant or pension, which lie may now lawfully do, under the provisions of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majestf s crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list estabUlhment, under certain provisions and regulations,

VOL. XVIII.

12 U

CHAP.

iorjO

A.D.

'79s-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. CHAP. LXXI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John, Earl Saint Vincent, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service -performed by the J'aid John, Earl Saint Vincent, to.His Majesty and the Public.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

'Preamble.

M’.fTtqc frcm In.d lieut e 'ni:nj,iicnt-iti; Vs .\la-jift' '4 inien tbn to bellow . a Ktling mark of favour on c.u-i Saint Vrccni, for hi* signal Icr-vie Jiygiving him, md his two mccccd. in£ heirs male, ioco'»

a year.

TTtTHERE'AS his excellency Charles, marquis Cornwallis, lord - . lieutenant general and general governor of Ireland, by

his message:to your faithful commons, hath been pleased to signify. That he had it in.command from your Majesty to acquaint your faithful commons, that your Majesty having taken into your royal consideration the eminent and signal service performed by John, earl Saint. Vincent, one of the admirals of the blue, off Cape , Saint Vincent, on the coast of Portugal, in the month of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with a Spanish fleet under the command of ^Don Jofef <!e Cordova, not only highly honourable to himself, but. greatly bencfici’l to your Ma-j.ifty’s kingdoms, your Majesty was desirous to bestow on the said John, earl Saint Vincent, some considerable and lading mark of your royal favour, as a tellimony of your'- Majesty's approbation of the said service, and for this purpose to give and grant unto the said John, earl Saint Vincent, and the two succeeding heirs male of the body of the said John, earl Saint Vincent, to whom the title of earl Saint Vincent shall del’cend, for and during their lives, a net annuity of-one thousand pounds per annum; but your Majesty not having it in your.power to grant an annuity to that . amount, or to extend the effect of the said grant beyond the term . of your own life, recommended it to your faithful commons to , considerof a proper method of enabling your Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, l'ecuring, and settling such annuity to - the said John earl Saint Vincent, and to the two next persons on -whom the title of earl Saint Vincent shall descend, in such man-i)i r as shall be thought moil effectual for the benefit of the said ]-.,-hn, carl Saint Vinruit, and Ins family; we your Majesty's moli dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in parliament

aikuibledi

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1091

assembled, having taken the said melTage into confuleration, do A.D. most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and 1798. be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with Chap. Jf-the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and '-"'v commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That one annuity or yearly rent, or sum of one cooi. a y«r# thousand pounds, British currency, per annum, shall be issuing and payable out of, and charged, and chargeable upon the consolidated tori,- to carl fund (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and iliring his sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to he paid out of the fame, but with preference to all the wo next other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or makof payable out of the said fund); and the fame shall, from time to |"|51gn£’(.on time, be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes and dedudions title Hull whatsoever, in manner and form following, that is to say, to John mcnc;i,g from Jervis, now earl Saint Vincent, for and during the natural life of the said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, and from and after his ptyable on decease, unto the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the £"u:tny’ said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, on whom the said title, honour,lcllaaiGn-and dignity of earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, for and during their natural lives, which said annuity, or yearly rent, or sum, shall commence from the eighteenth day of August, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the first payment to be computed from the said eighteenth day of August aforesaid, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year, that is to say, the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, by even and equal portions; and the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to iffite and pay, or cause to he illiied and paid, the said annuity, by four quarterly payments, iu manner aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That Comurfli.

the commissioners of the treasury now being, and all others the of- ^-vrs.mti «iB-

' . ecrsonrcafu;

ficers of tile treasury and exchequer notvand for the time being, ywrenj.,

(lull and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and re-

quired to do, without fee or reward, all fitch acts, matters, and C

things, as are herein before directed and required, or shall he r.e-

cefiary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of

them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed, cfiedual.

12 U 2

The lhirty-eig'.'th Year of George III.

III. And be it enacted, That the acquittance or acquittance?, receipt or receipts, of the said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, am] the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said John Jervis, carl Saint Vincent, on whom the said title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment of the said annuity, or yearly sum, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said annuity, or yearly rent, or sum, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever.

Tint the said annuity, yearly rent, or sum of one thousand pounds, shall be, and the fame is by this act vested in the said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, and the two next succceding heirs male of the body of the said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, to whom the said title, honour, and dignity of earl Saint Vincent, shall defeend; and the fame, or any part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed of, charged-or incumbered by the said John Jervis, carl Saint Vincent, or by either of the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, on whom the said title shall defeend, for any greater or larger estate or time than during the natural life of the person so aliening, conveying, disposing of, charging, or incumbering the same, or so as to prevent the fame from defending to the next or succeeding heir male of the body of the said John Jervis, earl Saint Vincent, to whom the said title of carl Saint Vincent shall defeend, according to the limitations aforesaid.

V. Provided, nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no grant which shall be made by his Majesty,- under the authority of this Brain hii Wa- ad, shall extend or be construed to extend, to restrain his Majesty linking])- from making any other grant or peufion, which he may-now lawfully do, under the provisions of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for thefupjiur! of the honour and dignity of his Majesty s craven in Ireland, and fur granting to his Majesty a civil list establifmient, under certain provfwns and regulations.

Iog2

A.D.

179S.

Cinp. 71

C-—

Receipts of iwl of St,

Vinrcar, or fiiJ Irirs, fi.-.ll bs fuJH. cl dal, with-oac warrant; nnJ no charges shall be made thereon.

Said annuity

IV. And be it enacted. is hereby veiled in carl St.

Vinacntand two next, heirs male, to whom title &c. shall defeend; and ih.il! not be aliened or encumbered for a longer lime than the life of the person so aliening,

&C.

?Jot to re-

gram under 33 Geo. III.

CHAP.

1 be thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXII.

A.D. 179$.

An Act for the Sale of His Mujeffs Quit Kents, Crown and other Kents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Tears One thousand six hundred and forty one, and One thousand fx hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of, in fitch Manner and under Jueh Provisions as are therein mentioned.

TO WARDS railing the supply granted to his Majesty, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and

by the authority of the same, That it shall and mar he lawful lor Onraffi-

J oners <»l

the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of maOirv, >vith

this kingdom, or the lord high-treasurer for the time being, by and with the consent of his excellent y the lord lieutenant, to fell may Ml quit, and dispose of all or any quit-rents, crown-renis, or composition- < < mpolstioa rents charged on or payable to his Majedv, his heirs and successors, rulb' out of any honors, manors, towns, lands, redories, tythes, fairs, markets, ferries, tenements, and hereditaments in manner herein after mentioned, any law or laws to the contrary notwithstanding; and also to sell and dispose of all or any lands, tjihes, tenements, ?ml may till and hereditaments forfeited to the crown, on account of the rebel- s,c. lions which broke out in this kingdom, in the year one thousand six hundred and forty-one, remaining undisposed of, under an p a. of un-act of parliament [laded in this kingdom in the fourteenth and ’jjai-u *S fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the bettor execution of his Majesty s gracious declaration for the Jettlcmml of his kingdom of Ireland, andfmisfac_ lion of the several interests oft adventurers, [old'ers, and other bisfuh-jeils there; and under another act passed in the seventeenth and eigh- and undtr l? teenth years of the reign of his find late Majesty, entitled, An ait an<* t-,a-fir the explaining some doubts arising upon an act, eiv itled. An ait fir the better execution of his Majesty s gracious declaration for the Jiitdement of his kingdom of Ireland, and fitisfidion of the several ulerefts of adventurers; soldiers, and other his subject there, and fir making hme alterations of and additions unto the said all, for the more [needy and effectualfeltlement of the fai I kingdom, and nn- and lln(jer, der another act passed in the second year of the reign of lit r late Ma- Anne, jesty, Anne, entitled, An act for quitting pajfcjftons, and Jfpfing of ike undisposed plus acres; and also to sell or dispose of all or any lands,

VOL. XVIII. 12 X tythes,

1094 The thirtf-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

tj thes, tenements, ami hereditaments forfeited to the crown, on 798. account of the rehellion which broke out in this kingdom in the year one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, and not sold pursuant to an act of parliament made in England, in the eleventh and -twelfth years of the reign of his late Majesty William the third, entitled, An act for granting an aid to Us Majesty, by fate of the forfeited and other efates and inlet eft in Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the several piaffes therein mentioned, or oiler-wist vcjled in his Majesty.

II. And be it enacted, That the fees on the payment of the said rents payable by the persons subject to the fame, establisheJ by an

act of parliament passed in this kingdom in the ninth year of the Fees pny reign of his said late Majesty William the third, entitled, In act 9f- for mailing the collectors receipts for quit rent, crown rent, and other coaCdcra! as rents due to the crown, full and legal dif barges for the fame, and rents°pur-L for limiting their fees thereon, dial I be considered as part of the cnafeJ. rent to |)e pUrc|lafeJ) ailJ (]ia|| be paid for at the fame rate as the rents to he purchased.

An> P"-

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any ic. may pur’, perfoiror persons, trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians of in-r'ms.IUCh fants, committee or committees of lunaticks, or any body politick,

corporate, or collegiate, to purchase any such quit rent, crown rent, or composition rent, or any lands, tythes, tenements, or hereditaments, by this act authorized to be sold.

Terms cn

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fule shall he

sshicli fiiles made of any quit rent, crown rent, or composition rent, and the Hull be made 1 1 1 ’

to owners of fees payable thereon, where the owner or proprietor of the lands,

d£ifcM*of or "'here the body politick, corporate, or collegiate, seized of

inch lands, the lands out of which the rent is payable, shall be the purchaser

at a lower rate of purchase than the respective rates following, that

is to say, where the rent or rents to be purchased shall be reserved

by one and the fame grant, or payable under one and the fame ti-

tie under his Majesty, and shall not exceed thirty shillings yearly,

at a lower rate of purchase than thirty years purchase of such rent

and fees, and where such rent or rents shall exceed thirty shillings

yearly, and shall not exceed five pounds yearly, at a lower rate of

purchase than twenty-five years purchase of such rent and tees,

and where such rent or rents shall exceed five pounds yearly, at a

lower rate of purchase than twenty years purchase of such rent and rents not to fees; and such rent or rents shall not be sold to any person save the

hutoivirerstor owner or proprietor, or body politick, corporate, or collegiate,

of*f«dUands ^e’zet^ the lands out of which such rent is payable, provided

such

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1095

such owner or proprietor, or body politick, corporate, or collegi- A.D. ate, seized thereof, shall within six months from the passing of this 179^-aft, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, one tenth part of the purchase money of such rent, and pay in like manner riovij.a -.hr;.- the remainder of such purchase-money, by three equal quarterly ir'pu.ciufe-payments, computing the quarters from the day of making such deposite; and in case default shall he made inpayment of any *,|d y-such quarterly sums, on the day when the same shall be payable, 3quarterly then the aforesaid deposite of one-tenth part of the purchase-mo-ney, and so much of such purchal'e-money as shall have beenol

_Jt one quarter

paid, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors. day, so much

V. And be it enacted, That no sale shall -be made of any lands, n1Viu*Pfor-tenements, or hereditaments, other than tythes, at a lower rate of '"J-

No a to purchase than sixteen years purchase, according to the full im-t»-">-proved yearly value thereof, if to be let to a lblvent tenant, uorofj,nre|Mf';. any tythes at a lower rate 'if purchase than sixteen years purchase,

according to such full improved yearly value as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That where any such lands, tenements. Value of tythes, or hereditaments, have been lawfully demised or set to any *1 a (iwho person or persons for any term, the reasonable value of the tenants f!^s*l(j^n interest in such term shall he deducted out of the purchase money at be dedafted

t , out of pur.

the rate aloreuul. chafe more?.

VII. And be it enacted, That after the expiration of six months

from the passing of this act, no preference' shall be given to any moniis: person -put-chafing any such rent on account of such person be- Jhtn'befotd ing the owner or proprietor of the lands or other the premises out of which such rent is payable; and every such rent shall he fold for under >6 thegreateft price, which shall be offered for the fame, not less than jjf'Ii! Tpay-sixteen years purchase, and every person who shall offer such sum "ts "bc' as shall be approved of in manner by this act directed, for the purchase of any rent, shall within ten days after such approbation, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, one-tenth part of the purchase-money of such rent, and pay in like manner the remainder of such purchase-money by three-equal quarterly payments, computing the quarters from the daav of making such deposite, and in case defatilt shall be made in payment of any of the said quarterly sums, on the day when the same shall be payable, then the aforesaid deposite of one-tenth part of the purchase-money, and so much of such purchase-money as shall have been paid, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and every person who shall have paid the whole of the purchase-money in manner aforesaid, or in one entire payment, shall be entitled to all 12 X 2 such Persons dc-iiir.us to become pur* dialers, shall give in an account, to commissioners, of placet out of which rents arc payable, ami (he prices they will give, and dtil.in. whether the rent shall be extin-guiihcd or not.

\\ hat is to be done when purchufers diTtrc rents to be extin-cuiOicd.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

such rent? so purchased, which shall become due after the time the deposite of the tenth part of fitch purchase-money, or the whole thereof, in case the same shall be made in one entire payment, shall be made.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every person, trustee, guardian, committee, body politick, corporate, or collegiate, who shall be delirous to purchase any such quit-rent, crown-rent, or compoli-tion-rent, shall give in to the commissioners for executing the office of lord higli-treasurer of this kingdom for the time being, an account of the honors, manors, towns, lands, reftories, tythes, fairs, markets, ferries, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which the rent or rents which he or they arc desirous to purchase is or are payable, and of the particular rent or rents, and fees payable for the fame, and the price ivliich he or they is or are willing to give for the fame, and shall at the same time declare, whether lie or they is or are delirous that the rent or rents so intended to he purchased shall he extinguished, or shall subsist. for the ulc of such purclialer, and his or her heirs and successors.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case any purchaser shall defile that the rent so to be purchased, shall he extinguished, then upon payment into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in manner aforesaid, of such linn as shall he approved of by the said commiihoners, for executing the oflice of lord high-treasurer, or by the lord high-treasurer, by and with the consent of his excellency the lord lieutenant, for the purchase of such rent or rents, and fees, a certificate shall he given, by the proper officer of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, fating forth the name or names of the honors, manors, towns, lands, rectories, tythes, fairs, markets, ferries, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which the rent or rents purchased is or are payable, with such description thereof, corresponding with the record of such rent or rents in his Majesty's exchequer, as will be sufficient to afccriain the lame, together with the particular rent or rents, and fees payable thereout, and declaring that the rent or rents so purchased, is or are purchased in order that the same shall cease, which certificate shall he enrolled in the office of the auditor of the exchequer, and from the time of Inch enrollment, the rent or rents so purchas-cd Avail cease, and the honors, manors, towns, lands, rectories, tythes, fairs, markets,' ferries, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which such rent or rents was or were payable, shall be exonerated and discharged therefrom.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no sale shall be made of any such rent, for the purpose of extinguishing the fame,

2 ' until

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1097

until the g-ilc thereof next preceding the time of payment of the A.D.

first deposite, or of the ptirchafe-money, hull have been paid to 179^-

his Majesty, his heirs and luccelfors. Chap.71.

XI. And whereas persons who purchase such rents, and desire '’nTiMc to

that the fame be cxtinjruithed, may not be ieized in fee limple of ""I. until ° 1 1 the preceding

the honors, manors, towns, lands, rectories, tythes, fairs, mark- g.i'e 01 rent

ets, ferries, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which the rent " rerfonswho

or rents they may purchase are payable, be it enacted, That in caie

any person or persons shall so purchase as aforesaid, any rent or t.-.-er that

rents, in order that the fame may cease, or be extinguitlied, it cc?fcI"nKiy

shall and may Ire lawful for every such person hv deed or deeds in h1* n,or L'./

1 1 hereon, not

gage of the towns, lands, rectories, tythes, fairs, markets, let- l:0,"'.v-ries, tenements, and hereditaments, or by l'alc of a lullicieiit part thereof or otherwise to charge ami incumber the fame, with inch sum or sums, and the interest thereof, and to difpctc of the lame in such manner as he or they shall think proper, ami every I nch idle or mortgage, charge and incumbrance, shall be good and valid in the law against every person in remainder or reversion, in or to the premises so fold, mortgaged, charged, or incumbered; and all other persons entitled to, or claiming any debt, charge, and incumbrance, affecting the premises so fold, mortgaged, charged, or incumbered, and shall have priority thereto.

Xlf. And be it enacted, That where any purchaser shall desire

Whet shall that the rent so to he purchased, shall subsist for the use of him or be done when

her, or his or her heirs, then upon payment into the receipt of his 5cfire*enis

Majesty's exchequer, of such sum as shall he approved of by the to subsist.

commissioners for executing the office of lord high-treasurer or the

lord high treasurer for the time being, by and with the confetti

of his excellency the lord lieutenant, for the purchase or inch

rent or rents and fees, a like certificate shall lie given, five that such certificate shall declare, that the rent or rents so purchased, is

or are so purchased, to the use of the purchaser, and his or her heirs,

and such certificate shall be enrolled in manner aforesaid, and from the time of such enrollment, the rent or rents so purchased

shall lie vested in the purchaser or purchasers, his, her or their

heirs and assigns.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all such rents as shall he so pur- Rent5a,j chafed, shall be paid and payable to such purchaser, his heirs and assigns, by two even half-yearly payments, on every twenty-fifth every 25 day of March, and twenty-ninth day of September, in the year, together with the fees payable on the fame, by the faitl recited act, and such purchaser, his heirs and assigns, shall have the like y

Yol. XVIII. 1 a Y remedy

I09S

A.D.

r/yfi. Chap.7 2.

recovery of rent by dif* tress, Sic.

Not to prevent his Ma-jdly from

recovering arrears of rent.

Attested copies of certificates of

'payments shall ‘lie evidence.

Purchasers of rents, being proprietors, shall be discharged of proportions of refe.veJ

A day shall "be appointed for receiving offers for rents not purchased by owners of hnds, after 6

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

remedy for recovering such rents, by distress or re-entry, or by action of debt, or in covenant as any person. may have on any ieafe, demifing lands, and referring rent, in which is contained any clause of distress or re-emrv, or any covenant on the part of the leffec, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, to pay rent, and shall have the like privileges and advantages in taking a distress for stich rent, air! in proceeding for the recovery of such rent, as his Majesty, his heirs or liiccelfors, may by law have.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall prevent his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from filing for in any manner, and recovering any arrears of any rent which shall he so fold, which accrued due before the time the purchaser shall become entitled thereto, or from recovering any rent which shall not be so fold in the same manner, as if this act had not been made.

XV. And be it enacted, That the certificate of the payment of the purchase money of any such rent so enrolled as aforesaid, in the office of the auditor of the exchequer, or an attested copy thereof, shall be admitted in all courts of law and equity, as evidence of the title of the purchaser of such rent, and of all persons deriving under him.

XVI. And whereas in many grants of lands by letters patent from his Majesty's predecessors, reserving quit-rents, several denominations, or parcels of land, are granted, and the several proportions of rent for each parcel of land, according to the number of acres therein, and which compose the gross rent reserved on such grant, arc set forth therein, and several of such lands may have become the property of different persons, each having agreed to pay tire part of the gross rent mentioned in such grant, to be the proportion for the parts so becoming the property of such persons respectively, wherefore be it enacted, That where several denominations or parcels of land, are granted by letters patent, expref-sing the proportions of the rent reserved thereby for each parcel of land granted, the purchaser of the rent or rents reserved on any such parcel or parcels^ being the proprietor of such parcel or parcels, and not otherwise, and such parcel or parcels shall be exonerated and discharged of and from the rents charged on the other denominations or parcels of land comprized in such grant, and reserved thereby.

XVII. And be it enacted, That a certain day after six months from the passing of this act, shall be appointed for receiving offers for the purchase of the quit-rents, crown-rents, and composition-rents, in every county in this kingdom, which shall not have been

purchased

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. I099

purchased by the owners or propiierors of the lands out of which A.D.

the fame shall be payable, and before any fide of any of the said 1798-

rents shall be made, notice thereof shall be ;river, by advertisement V"

in the Dublin Gazette, and in two or more publick newspapers "imalis. by

printed in the city of Dublin, requiring all persons intending to mmii.iPib-

purchase any such rents in fitch county, to fienify the fame in lm p7CUC;

I ' > ’ o and two oilier

writing to the commissioners for executing the dike of lord high Dub;ll> r3-treasurer, on or before the day to be therein mentioned, and the P'r" price at which they respectively intend to pnrehafe.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That v.-here any lands, tenements, where tidies, or hereditaments, veiled in his iY:n jesty, in right of fits *c,j;| crown, shall be fold, notice thereof shall in like manner he given

f.t lctiil one month before any person or persons shall he declared momh’s no-the purciiafer thereof, and every person, who pursuant to the provisions of this act, shall he declared a purciiafer, shall pay into purchascn the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, the sum which shall be beforei'mSt-agreed to he taken for such lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, in manner following, that is to say, one-tenth part of the purchasu money as a deposite within ten days after such person shall be declared the purchaser, and the remainder of such pnrehafe money by three equal quarterly payments, computing the quarters from the day of making such deposite, and in case default shall be made in payment of any of such quarterly sums on the day when the same shall be payable, then the aforesaid deposite of one-tenth part of the purchase money, and so much of such purchase money as shall have been paid, shall lie forfeited lo his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and upon payment of the whole of when »ho!«

i: , r ' , furclufc m°-

such purchase money in manner aforesaid, or in one enure pay- iICy iip.,jj i, ment, a grant of such lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, f under the great seal of this kingdom, shall be made to such pur- #>a|l be m.id« chafer, subject to such lawful grants or leases, if any, as shall be £1Xai fail, then in being, of the premises so purchased, without reserving dl any rent whatsoever, payable to his lUajefiy, his heirs and fuc-eeiTors; and every person who shall have paid the whole of the pnrehafe money in manner aforesaid, shall he entitled to all rents, iilucs, and profits of the lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments purchaltd, which shall become due, cr arise after the time the deposite of the tenth part of the purchase money, or the whole thereof, in case the same shall be made, in one entire payment, shall be made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That r.o saie shall Culcs oi be made of any lands, tenements, tythes r.iul hereditaments to any cSg'ime person subject to a rent payable to his May-fly for such lands, of Srrtdcpo-

12 Y 2 tenements, bic, iobc

paid to his Majesty.

His Majesty may recover arrears of rent.

The bank of Ireland may advance a million on credit of laid rents, at

per cent.

One or mere iria-lury bills to be issued for to much of laid million, as that! be paid into treasury.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

tenements, tythes and hereditaments, unless the gale thereof next preceding the time ol' payment of the first deposite, or of the purchase money, fl.all have been made to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall prevent his Majesty, his heirs and successors from filing for, and recovering in such manner as he may now do, any arrears of any rent payable out of any lands, tenements, tythes and hereditaments, which shall be so fold or received before the time the pitrchafer: shall become entitled thereto, or from recovering any rent, payable out of any lands, tenements, tythes or hereditaments, which shall not be so fold, in the same manner as If this act had not been made.

XXI. And whereas the sale of the said rents and lands, tythes and hereditaments, may not so speedily he carried into execution, as to produce an immediate supply for the support of his Majesty's government, and it may be expedient to borrow a film of money on the credit of the said rents, lands, tythes and hereditaments, and of the monies which shall he paid for the purchase thereof: be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, to advance and lend to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, any sum or sums of money, r.ot exceeding in the whole one million of pounds'; and that for the said sum, or so much thereof as shall be actually paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, there shall be paid at the receipt of the said exchequer, to the said governor and company, an interest not exceeding the rate of five pounds per.centum per aiumm, from such time or times as shall be agreed upon by the commissioners (or executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, until such time as fitch sum or sums shall be paid off and discharged in manner by this act provided.

XXII. And be it enacted, That for so much of the said sum as shall be actually paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, a treasury bill, or treasury bills, entitling the said governor and company to the amount of the sums to be respectively speeifted therein, and declaring such amount to be payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at such time or times as shall he agreed upon, unless the same shall be sooner paid off, pursuant to the provilkms of this act, shall be issued by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, bearing such interest as aforesaid.

a

IIOI

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That a separate account shall be A.D. kept by the officers of his Majesty's treasury, of all monies arising 1

by the falc of any of the said rents, lands, tythes and heredita- ',\ iquutc ments; and the lame shall from time to time be paid by the pro- "j. per officer of his Majesty's treasury, to the governor and company mouit^ui-of the bank of Ireland, towards the discharge of the sum or ftims, rutu which shall be advanced by the said governor and company, pur- b^d'tJu.n suant to this act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That a separate account shall be to JitJuujc kept by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, of all

sums which shall be paid to them in pursuance of this act, in dif- A frparatr charge of the said Aim of one million, or so much thereof as shall i,_- t by be advanced and lent as aforesaid; and the same shall be placed to lhl the account of the sum or sums so lent, and from the time of every such payment the interest of so much as shall be paid shall cease.

CHAP. LXXI1L

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, puffed last S-ffun of Parliament, entitled, An Act for regulating the ff/ing of Li-confcs for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Vfe of Spirituous Liquors, and for granting to His Majesty, His liars and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it is necessary to continue and amend an act, passed last session of parliament, entitled, An nS for regulating the ffuing of lieenfes, for the fdeofvAnc, ale, beer, cider, andspirituous liquors by retail, and for preventing the immoderate use of spirituous liquors, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefciit parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and this act, |i;^n shall continue of force until the twenty-ninth day of Septem-her, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no Ion- sneer to

Sipi. 1791.

ger. 1

II. And to remove all doubts sespecting what is meant by felling To c;p'..in by retail, be it enacted, That every perlim who by him or her-iclf, or by any other person employed by him or her, or for his or her benefit, shall retail any fpiiituous liquors, mixed or unmix-cd with any ingredients, or any beer or ale, to be confirmed in Vol. XVIII. ’ 13 Z any

5 102

A.D. 1798. 0^73-

friiing fpiuts mix'll nr mi-timed, less than 2 gallons

beer or al*» less thru is gallon, i’x. ccpt bo*.t1:d and fa out.

40s. Penalty', or 1 month's imprisonment, in r bit) ing less than 2 gallons of

(piriis or 10 gallons of inter nr ale. in any house net having a

beard painted as dittiled by laid act.

Ltcenfes granted by collegers, shall net aa-thorizC'the felling cflcfs than two gallons of spirits.

Justices at specia! fifliom shall determine the number of house s to be livcnfid bef* re they sign certificate*. and shall ffee fy as herein ^liiCcled;

The -thirty-eighth Year of George III.

any quantity whatever in his or her house, ware-house, (hop, ceiiar, vault, room, (bed, or other place, to him or her belonging, or shall retail, or fend the fame abroad out of his or her house, ware-house, store-house, {hop, cellar, vault, room, (bed, or other place, any spirituous liquors, in a'less quantity than two gallon-, or any beer or ale, in a less quantity than ten gallons, (fellers of bottled beer pr ale excepted, who shall fend the lame abroad, and not fell any to be consumed'in their own houses,) shall be deemed a retailer of spirituous liquors, or of beer or ale respectively; and if not duly licensed to retail the fame, under the provisions of the salt] aft.; and this act shall he subject to the like penalties as are enacted against persons felling beer, ale, or spirituous liquors without license.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall buy or obtain for any confuleration given, or to be given, any spirituous liquors in less quantity than two gallons, or any beer or ale, in Ids quantity than ten gallons in any house not having affixed thereon, inch board, so painted, and in Inch manner as is prescribed by tint said act, every fitch person shall for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof before any magistrate, upon the oath of one credible wilncls, or by Iris oivn confession, or on the view of such ma-gillrate, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, and in case of non-payment thereof, shall lie committed to gaol, there to remain for one month, or until said penalty shall be paid, which penalty shall be applied as any penalties levied under the said act are applicable.

IV. And whereas by the said act, the collectors of excise arc empowered to grant licenses to persons called wholesale dealers, who shall not sell spirituous liquors tobeconfumed in their houses, be it enacted, That no license, granted by any collector of excise, shall authorise any person to sell spirituous liquors at any time in any quantity less titan two gallons, nor be conllrued to exempt him or her so felling from any penalty for so doing.

V. And be it further enacted, That at every special fciTions which shall be held by virtue of the said act, or this present act, the justices thereat shall, before they proceed to sign any certificate for the purpose of any persons obtaining a license, determine the number of houses which they shall judge expedient to be licensed for the sale of ale, beer, or spirituous liquors, am! the town-lands or parifltes within the barony, specilying the number for each town or village, and within a district of one mile thereof, at the lead, having due regard therein, to the morals and sobriety of the people; und such determination shall be forthwith signified by two at lead

of

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

of the said justices, and be read aloud in open court, and delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be by hint enrolled and preserved in the records of the county; and every certificate limned at such fcffioils, for a license, to be issued thereon, for the fate of ale, beer, and spirituous liquors, in such town or village, and within Inch distance thereof, shall previous to its being signed, be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with number one.

VI. And in order to prevent any inconvenience which may aril'e from justices neglecting to make such determination in manner aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the grand jury of each county, or county of a town or city, at each spring assizes, to enquire into the number of houses, which confident with a due attention to the morals and ibbrlcty of the people, it may he expedient to allow to he Licensed, within each barony in the county, or within the county of the town or city, as public houses for the sale of beer, ale, and spirituous liquors, for the year commencing the twenty-ninth of September, following, and to cause their determination upon such enquiry, ligned by any twelve or more of them, to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, specifying particularly the town-lands, and paridics wherein such public houses should be situate, and the number of public houses to be allowed in each town or village, and within a district not Id's than a mile around it, which determination the clerk of the peace shall read aloud in open court, at each fpcclal sessions, which shall be held in pursuance of the said act, ami this prefimt act, and at the general sessions in July, if any certificates for iicenfcs are to he issued thereat; and if the justices in court shall omit to form any determination as herein before directejl, such determination of the grandjury, shall be deemed to he the determination of the court, and shall he enrolled by the clerk of the peace as such; and if any clerk of the peace shall issue licences for a greater number of persons within any town or village, and district around it, as aforesaid, than shall be specified in the determination, which he shall enroll, or shall issue any license for the sale of beer, ale, or fpiiituous liquors, in any place not specified for the purpose, in such determination, or in greater number than shall be therein specified, or in other way contrary thereto, or if he shall issue any such license, unless such determination shall have been read aloud in open court, prior to any certificate being signed for any such persons to be licensed therein, he shall for every license lo issued, he subject to the like forfeiture and incapacity, as if be bad issued a license to a person who had not produced and lodged with him a certificate, with the receipt of the collector endorsed thereon, purfuam to the provisi-

12 Z 3 , o.u

A.D. 1798. Chap. 73

determination to he finned liy njditices, and lead m emir, delivered to 0. of peadc, an I os'

roli(.d by I.Ij:, &c.

(Jranil jarie*.

at f|uia.r a!li-

/.cs w> enquire into tlu number ol luiufe* expedient to be iuenfed;

dtib-Tfriin'i* cm of p. j :t / to be deliwr* cd to ci. oi piv.ee, Ipeci-fyiu* partial larr, which th *11 be read

»f parties omit to foun determination, that of the grand jury fh?.II be* enrolled by clerk of peace; who dial: he fub-jeet to forfeiture and incapacity if he i»Tu«< any ff-Ctnfc contra, ry thereto, or if f-jcii determination be fiut f.-.id in conn before ce-iifieate'. are fpneJ.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

ons of the said act, such forfeiture to be recovered and applied in like manner, as is provided therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if at any day which shall he appointed pursuant to this present act, for holding a specia! fefftons in any barony, a fuiiicient number of justices shall not attend, the acting clerks of the peace shall adjourn such specia! sessions to be held at the said place, from week to week, until a fuiiicient number shall attend during every week, from said day, until the fit ft of July following; and c\ cry aft done at such adjournment, shall be equally valid, to ail intent? and purposes, as if the court were held at the day first appointed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no conIIable, ts-olllcer, (hcrift's-bailiPr-, gaoler, turnkey, or fub-sheriff’, nor any person who shall not previously take an oath in open court, that he or she is not of the society called United Iriihmen, shall be capable of

United'iuiii- receiving a licensc to sell ale, beer, or spirituous liquors; and that if any such licensc shall be granted to any such person, or to any person in trull for him or her, or for the use and benefit of any such person, it shall be, and is hereby declared to be void, and of no eii’eft, as to authorising such person to fell.

IX. And be it further enacted, in order to guard against the inconvenience which may aril’c from the non-attendance of jnfiices at special sessions, that the days and places for holding special sessions, shall be appointed at the general sessions of the peace, which

April, inlleticl shall he held in the month of April, instead of being appointed at 01 July. I 4

those held in the month of July, as directed by the said act; and the days so to he appointed, shall be some days between said sessions and the month of July next following; and that in case the special sessions so appointed in the month of April, shall not be held for any barony on the day directed for the lame, or on some day to which the same shall be adjourned, in manner before directed, the justices at the general sessions in July, shall proceed at such sessions, to execute the said act, and this present act, as if they were a court of special sessions, held by virtue of the said act, within every such barony; and every aft done in respect thereto, at such general sessions in July, shall be as valid to all intents and purposes for the execution of the said act, and this present act, as if done at a special sessions held in such barony.

X. And be it further enacted, That no lieenfe whatever, shall he granted for the sale of beer or ale only, or of wine only, but that every licensc which shall be granted, or may have been granted for the sale of spirituous liquors, after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoul'and seven hundred and nine-eight, shall authori/c

II04

A.D. 1798.

When justices do not intend at special ftfli-on?,cl.i>r peace may adjourn from week to week until t July.

No confla* ble, bailiff, gaoler, turnkey, or fub-l!icrlff, nor any of

men. of which oaih mull be nutl shall be li-

cetTcJ.

'.'inn’s r.tal place* for special fef* lions shall be appointed at ftffum; in

If special sessions arc not held before general sessions in July, justices shall proceed as if at a special ftfflO.15.

No Imv:\fe for beer or ale only, or for wine only; persons li -conftd to ft)! spiritiiou* It* t;uoi.5, may

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1105

thorize the person holding the fame, to fell beer, ale, and wine by A.D. retail, during the continuance thereof, without paying any fur- 1798. ther or other duty for the fame, than is herein after men- Chap. 73. tioiied.

XI. And be it enacted, That there shall be payable unto his and «*ic? ’

Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every license to be granted for "f"/9 s'l>t' felling any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, in the city of Dub- 3o1- fora lin, and in all places within the circular road surrounding the said felt fp'ims city, and within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, thirty iafro"()CIIC1*’ pounds; and in every place beyond the Circular Road, and the wall "j!J <lillria of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than two miles lis I"tlropo therefrom, the sum of twenty pounds; and in every other place «l- in oilier beyond the Circular Road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the mo«5th°n 1 Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, the fmn ofcfamlar Road fifteen pounds; and within the city of Cork, and all places fur- a,'<l Phanix rounded by the said city, the sum of thirty pounds; and within the 1;, J,icre rest of the county of the said city, twenty-pounds; and within more than

the city of Waterford, the sum of thirty pounds, and within the of cork

rest of the county of the said city, the sum of twenty pounds; 3°l-

and within the city of Limerick, and all places surrounded by the of city, 20l. said city, the sum of thirty pounds, and within the rest of the coun- Wa-ty of the said city, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the ci- rest of co. ties of Kilkenny, Londonderry, and Armagh, and the towns of Galway, Drogheda, Belfast, Newry, Dundalk, and Clonmell, and mcrick, &c. within one mile and an half of the town-house, market-house, or co.'of^city principal market-place of the said cities and towns, respectively,

the sum of fifteen pounds; and within all other cities, corporate- town. iicre-towns, and market-towns, where markets are usually held, and a,a will.;, within one mile of the town-house, market-house, or principal market-place thereof, the sum of ten pounds; and for every Ii- of piiudpsl cense for felling such spirituous liquors in any other part of this p|atcs hcrc-kingdom, the sum of six pounds yearly; which duties shall be In il/iil otUer lieu of all duties heretofore payable on such licenses. places

XII. And whereas many persons may have received licenses for 1;.

such sale, or paid duty for the fame, previous to the passing of this cental before

1 ' this act, shall

ad; be it etia&ed, That every such person shall, within two months pay the <iiire-after the passing of this act, pay to the collector of the district,

licenlcs will

he void.

such further sum as, together with that already paid, shall make up the sum required by the provisions of this act to be paid, or the license granted to such person shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void, from said time.

XIII. Provided always, That if any person who shall have paid l,<tfor.sal-the duty as required by the said act, shall, within one month from VCL. XVIII. 13 A the

i :c6

The ihirlyeighih Year of George III.

A.D.

the passing of this act, prefer to surrender, and give up his or her 1798. license, rather than pay the further duty aforesaid, the collector of Chap. 74. district Hia.ll re9eive fitch person’s licetife from him or her, and their mnney repay unto fitch.person the sum paid by him or her for the fame,

conditions which re-.payment shall he allowed to such collector, in his ac-

farcin, if they do not choose to pay the difference.

' Collectors - or deputies to attend at sessions, to receive duty Sot Uccnfcs, which, if not paid there, shall not be afterwards received.

Collectors who do not attend at Icf-lions, shall n»t receive ices.

Clerks of peace to flip-ply forms of certificates, bonds, and licenses, for wlut’h they (liallpet u- 8ilh and damp duty5 but if they do uut at* tend, ifieie fiiaJI he.no preferments for them.

counts, provided such re-payment he made prior to the lirft of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every collector of excite (lull, by himself, or a sufficient.deputy, for whom he shall bean-fwerable, attend at every sessions of the peace within his dill riel, -.whereat certificates for licenses shall be granted, pursuant to the f.iiJ ail, or this present act, in order to receive the duty for the lame; and if such. duty be not there, paid to him on demand^ he stir.il not afterwards receive the same, or endorse omlie certificate the receipt thereof: Provided always, That if such collector shall omit l’o to attend, and to demand the duty, he shall not be entitled to receive the fee of two shillings, nor to retain one {lulling in the pound of the said duty, for his own.use, as directed by the said act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the peace shall supply to every person applying at any sessions, proper forms of certificates, the bonds for the fttreties,-and the form of license, for all which, and for filling up the fame, he-(It all be entitled to receive from the person applying, the sum of twoshillings and eightpence halfpenny, and the amount of the stamp duties; and if any clerk of the peace shall omit.to supply the fame, properly filled up, upon such payment as aforesaid, it Hull not be lawful for the grand jury, at thesubsequent assizes, to present any fnm of moneywhat-ever, to him, in consideration of his trouble and expence, in executing his office.

jal. penalty

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any magistrate in (his

uat« who kingdom, who shall neglect or refuse, in any inllance, to carry

negledUo^do into execution the said act, and this act, upon application made to this act; him, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, for every such neglect

Jcrlon Suing, or refusal; to be recovered by action, bill, plaint or information,

the other 10 , in any court of record, by any person who shall sue for the same, the poor. y. J 4

m which no essoign, wager, protection at law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; the money recovered by such action, to be kept, as to one-half thereof, to the use of the person filing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minister, rector, or church-warden of the parish wherein such magistrate shall reside, for the use of the poor therein.

XVII. And whereas it would tend much to prevent the uf.tig spirituous liquors-without license, were justices of the peace for

counties,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1107

counties, empowered to line such persons in counties of cities, ill- A.D. eluded within said counties, as Hull fell spiritucus liquo'-s without 1 798. license; be it en.rfted by the authority aforesaid, Tii.tt all justices Chap. 7j. of the peace for counties adjoining to, or within winch such counties of cities are situated, shall he empowered, and they arc column mi/ hereby authorized and enabled to ad in fuels counties of cities, Xml'luml, save and except the city, and county of the city of Dublin, as fully,

to all intents and purposes, as if they were magistrates within such of cities, 1*.

' r , , ° cept Dublin,

county of a city, lo rar only as mail relate to convicting ana levying the penalties infiifted by the said act, or this act, on all persons who shall sell ale, or '‘.hits without license, contrary to the intent and (pitit of this act.

XVIII. And licit emitted, That no fee or reward shall he taken jl- Pc|»liy

1 11 . °u majjif-

by any magistrate, ckrk, or other person, for any act of Ins, in the imtcs who

execution of the said, or this present act, other titan what is herein

particularly authorized, under pain of forfeiting the Cum of live

pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, by any person filing for the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever proof shall have been 20t. penalty made, according to law, of the sale of ale or fpivituous liquors, in ^crefpiriif* any house not licensed for that purpose, the town-land in which a,jifol<* such house is situated, Hull be subject to a fine of twenty pounds ceni«, except sterling, over and above all fines incurred by the persons convicted mad^by^a-of felling without license, as aforesaid; save only in cases where

proof shall have been made of such illegal sale, by any inhabitants of such town-land; to be levied in the same manner, and by the fame authority, and applied to the fame purposes, as fines incurred by the persons convicted of felling illegally, as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas it may have happened that in some counties, Until 1 Feb. certificates may not have issued for licenses, in manner by law re- a/general"1 quired, since the daft July sessions, for the year commencing the twenty-ninth of September, one thousand seven hundred and cates, upon ninety-eight; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the 0fpeace may justices of peace, at any general sessions, held by adjournment, ‘^c 1‘cmfei, or otherwise, after the passing of this act, until the llrfl day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to issue certificates, in like manner as if such sessions were special sessions, held

for the purpose, within the time prescribed; and every certificate so issued, shall, in like manner, authorize the clerk of the peace to issue.licerlfes; and every such license shall be as valid to all intents and purposes, as if granted at special sessions, any thing in any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

13 A 2

CHAP.

The ti>iriycighth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXIV.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have aEted since the First Day of November., one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Supprtffion of JnfttrreElions prevailing in fame Parts of this Kingdom.

Dirturb- H WHEREAS since the first day of November, one tlionfand ances ami re. W seven hundred and ninety-seven, several parts of this king-i Nor. 1797, dom have been disturbed by trealbnable insurrections and open rebellion, and the lives and properties of many peaceable and faithful subjects destroyed, and many of his Majesty's loyal subjects officers, jnf- have lost their lives in said rebellion; and several officers and oihmYhave justices of the peace, and other persons, in order to preserve the trimfiuls^and Pu*c Peace> the lives and properties of his Majesty's faithful fub-suspeacd per. jests, and to suppress and put an end to such insurrections and re-some of them bellion, have apprehended several criminals suspected of being con-kingdom'&c cerne^ m ^'d practices of insurrection and rebellion, and without for public due authority, have lent other criminals, or suspected persons out £°° ’ of the kingdom, and have been obliged to do divers other acts not justifiable by law, but which were yet so much for the public service, and so necessary for the suppression of such insurrection and rebellion, that the persons by whom they were transacted ought to be indemnified: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions, suits, indidmems, informations, attachments, molcftations, prosecutions, and proceedings whatever, judgments and orders, if

all personal actions, &c, for things tlcnc since

ftrfuppreiii- any be, a gain ft the said magistrates and persons, for, or by reason Uo,f£!tu of any matter or tiling, commanded, appointed or done since the

be dischnrg-ed, and such persons shall be indemnified.

firfb day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in order to suppress the said insurrections and rebellion, and for the preservation of the public peace, or for the safety of the Rate, shall be discharged and made void, and that every person by whom any such act, matter or thing, shall have been advised, commanded, appointed or done for the purposes aforesaid, since the first day of November, in the year one thousand seven hundred and

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1109

anil ninety-seven, shall he freed, acquitted and indemnified, as well A.D. against the King’s Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all 1798. and every other person and persons; and that if any prosecution, '—*

action or suit, hath been, or shall be commenced or prosecuteil against any person, for any such act, matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, he or file may plead the general ift'ue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or forbear farther prosecution, or suffer dil- if pfeintilTi continuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, " " the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy, as iu cases in which costs by law arc given to defendants.

CHAP. LXXV,

An Act for continuing and amending an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majes/s Reign, Entitled, An Act for better regulating the Col/eftion of His Majestys Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Lams relating to His Majestys Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned in the said Act, and continued thereby.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of Cy revenue his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for letter regulating the collection of his Majff s revenue, and for preventing of frauds there- «suiati» in, and for repealing an act made in the shirty-sixth year if the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the several laws relating to his Majestys revenue, and further preventing frauds thesein, and the several acts and fatuti’s which are mentioned in the fold aft, and continued thereby, several provisions wore made for regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, ami preventing frauds therein, which have been found to be or general use, cut are now near expiring; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice anil consent of ihc lords l’j int'.ul and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Yol. XViiJ , 13 B said

faij aft (except such parts as are hereby altered or tcpcal -cd) shall continue to 24 Ju«, .799, and end of next session.

Fott wine imported in vessels under 63 gallons, shall be forfeited.

in imitation of tea

"the thirty-eighth Year of George III.

said receited act, and all and every the clause and clauses therein contained, except such parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this prefeilt aft, shall continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the next i'cffion of parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it enacted, That no wine of the growth or produce of Portugal, shall he imported into this kingdom, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any bottle, jar, calk, or other vefii-1, which shall not contain sixty-three gallons at least, upon pain of forfeiting such wine, and the bottle, jar, calk or vessel, in which such wine shall be contained.

III. And whereas several ill-disposed persons do frequently dye, Umvholefbmc fabricate or manufacture very great quantities of lloe leaves, liquorice leaves, and the leaves of tea that have been before used, or the leaves of other trees, flirubs or plants, in imitation of tea, and do likewise mix, colour, stain and dye such leaves, and likewise tea, with Terra Japonica, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood and other ingredients, and do fell and vend the same as true and real tea, to the prejudice of the health of his Majesty's subjects, the diminution of the revenue, and to the ruin of the fair trader; for remedy of such frauds and abuses for the future, be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall dye, fabricate or manufacture any floe leaves, liquorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leaves of any other tree, shrub, or plant, in imitation of tea, or shall mix, colour, stain or dye such leaves or tea, with Terra Japonica, sugar, rr.olafles, day, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or shall fell and vend, or utter, offer, or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or poftellion, any such dyed, fabricated or manufactured leaves, in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, stained or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the ingredients before mentioned, or with any other ingredient whatsoever, such person or persons shall respectively, for every pound of such leaves so dyed, fabricated or manufactured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of such mixed, coloured, stained or dyed leaves or tea, forfeit and pry the sum of ten pounds, together with all such leaves or tea, which leaves or tea any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue is and are hereby required and empowered to seize.

IV. And be it enacted, That all shrub, or other mixed spirits imported into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be single spirits, or spirits perfectly made, and pay duty as such.

4 ’ V. And

Persons who dye, f.i* bricaic or nmuufafttirc, or have in their possession, ai y inm.uimis of tea, ns herein described, shall forfeit 10l. for every pound \vt.

And nil such lubrications.

Shiah or suiter

spirits fiid'l

pay tit.*y is spirits.

hi r

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

V. And be it enacted, That all goods not entered, or menti- A.D. onetl in the invoice of any ship or vessel, and found concealed J 79*’* twenty-four hours alter inch invoice made, shall be liable to forfeiture, as fully as if they were afhially carried out of Inch ship or Go ds veil'd, with intention to run them, and such goods Hull be seized

and disposed of, and the persons prosecuted in manner hereafter !lol,s nl"r

11 i:m«ce is

mentioned. m a.-, shall

VI. Be it enacted, That when any broker shall make and sign

an entry of any roods, wares or merchandize, in the name, or for lur-

1 " ’ ihargwo.l

the use of any other person or persons, every Inch broker shall be «,tries incite

for oilier [utI'oos.

liable to, and pay any fur-charge or fur-charges to which Inch goods, wares or merchandize, shall by law be chargeable, in the same manner as if t'uch broker was the actual importer and proprietor of such goods, wares or merchandizes.

VII. And be it enacted, That no salt imported into this king- No salt to dom, for any purpose whatsoever, shall be landed or put on lliore, unless the duty payable on the importation thereof shall have been pfe, uoiifl paid, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding. u! '

VIII. And in order to encourage the fisheries of this kingdom, Afcn-ucc be it enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every person who shall proceed to fish on the courts of this kingdom, and shall ;° rcr-

1 ° Isn, who

cure n(h caught on the said coasts, such sum as shall he equal to lift on the duty of the quantity of salt used in curing such liih; and uljs^i'fgdora the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall, with all con- 1"J curc 11

fl cniiJc of

vcnient speed, form a schedule or table of the feveval sums to lie juo.i^.cjs

paid, in respect of the quantities of the several species of lilli which shall he mentioned in Inch schedule or table, as and for the duty lium-rs;

of the quantities of salt used in curing the fame respectively, and

that so soon as such schedule or table shall be formed ami signed by three of the said commissioners, at least, the several sums which shall he mentioned and set forth in such schedule or table, as the

allowance for the duty of the salt used in curing the rc/peclive

quantities of the several species of lilli therein to lie mentioned,

shall be paid to the respective persons who shall have caught, cured,

and landed such flfli in this kingdom; which payment shall be s]!owsnces ,0

made by the collector of the port in which such lilli Ihr.li be land- (v paid fy J 1 c-.licclcn at

ed, out of any monies in his bands, not appropriated to any parti- pr.usivim!

cular purpose: provided always, th.it proof to the flitisfaflion of la/.jl/rf,"<J~

the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, shall be made, of j^J' '‘-‘"i!

the quantity of fish caught, and that the fame was cured with salt iicnin.

made or imported into this kingdom.

IX. And whereas the increase of business on the ciiftom-house quay of Dublin, and the opening of the docks lately built, adjoin-

13 13 a ing

1112 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

ing to llic said custom-house, have rendered the rules, orders, and 1798. regulations for tire conduct of the business therein, ineffectual; be Chap.7 5- it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue to make, from time to time, such rules, orders and regulations, as to them shall seem proper, for the government and regulation of the business transafled on the said custom-house quay, and in tire docks adjoining thereto, and in all ships or vessels lying in the said docks, or in the river adjoining to the said custom-house quay; and for the regulation and govern-

hiifi.r.'lf, nud Oj’cniisg of docks, hai’c renJtTi-d juice for coi.difflinj hiifnels incf» foHua!:

rulrslor orders, and regulations, when signed by any three or more of the buSnersTn said commissioners, and published in writing, in the long room in dS's 'Slips li’e custom-house, aforesaid, shall be obeyed by all such persons as &c. sc. aforesaid; and any person offending again! any of the said rules, tranYgrtfiing orders and regulations, shall forfeit for every such offence, a sum af'cruty’ not exceeding the sum of ten pounds; provided that it shall and are signed by imy [, L. ;n the power of the said commissioners, or any three or

3 cominif- J 1 r r e

iio’Kr'., and more of them, to mitigate or leuen any fine or forfeiture incurred fungroon!' vititler any of the said rules, orders or regulations, to any sum not comm-iuen^ [(.ft p.jntythe sum of live fliilliiigs.

crt> nir.y imti- 0

gaw lines. X. And.1:1 order to- prevent frauds by not fending permits with

Wines or CXc'llcable goods

cnfc,boule% jal's> or ol',cr V(-'ffi-')s, any quantity of brandy or other foreign fpi-s-c. exceed. ritS) or of llrong waters or spirits made in this kingdom, exceed-tobacco or !’ing four gallons; all tobacco or snuff above the weight of four 4ib!Fc;.feC pounds; coffee exceeding two pounds weight; malt exceeding fix above eib. floats weight; sugar exceeding in weight fifty-six pounds; silk in Hones; whole pieces, and East India goods, other than and except spice-[jji" :lboyc -lies of all forts, and except ten, exceeding the weight of two lilt in ivlnde pounds, and all other exciseable goods Whatsoever, that shall be tin! .11 Hi carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any part or

lie it enacted, That all wines in calks, bottles,

c.vcirt

nlucc

within his kingdom, to any other part thereof, whether from any part of any city or town, to another part thereof, or

officers of his Majesty's revenue, oods and forfeited as

l,n;in-.-,; cxccp t:t a’wt- :!.

amUKothr from one town or place to another town or phcc, shall he liable vnoVs o.my- to he seized by any officer or

in- ir< m 011s aiK] qla][ |le deemed and taken to be run puce to ar.c-

tlu-r, ni limit inch, unless the carrier or person conveying the fame, or the per-

bciciml. ' foil, in whose possession the same shall be, Hull produce a permit or let:pals, under tiic hand of a proper officer of the revenue, authorising the removal of such goods, if such person shall be required lb to do by any such officer.

XI. Fro-

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1113

XI. Provided always, That on oalh made by the carrier or A.D.

person in whole possession inch shall be found, of the loss of such *7 permit, and by the merchant, before the commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, in their respective districts, that such per- Upon oath mil was not taken out or made use of to his knowledge or belief, Kcrch.'u"1' fraudulently to cover or proleft any other goods, but was taken of

out for the particular goods so seized, in such case, the entry from hw'in. r, a*1' such permit in the hooks of the proper officer, or a copy thereofed.*

duly attciled, shall be evidence of such permits having been taken out, and such goods shall thereupon be restored to the owner or proprietor thereof.

XII. P rovided always, That if the carriage of such goods shall When be prevented from being fully performed within the time limited

i.irt'.cti I>y

in such permit, by any unavoidable accident, then, on notice be- J*" ing immediately given by the owner or carrier of such goods, to fiimicd, of-any officer of the revenue, ami a rest or ftav being made of such Uic1 goods, at or near the place win re inch accident shall happen, the officer of the revenue to whom such notice shall be given, shall, without delay repair to the place where such goods shall then be, and if such officer shall find, upon view or enquiry, such goods were flopped or delayed in their carriage byTuch accident, then such officer shall thereupon, by endorlement on such permit, enlarge the time for the carriage of such goods to the place of their full destination; and if any officer of the revenue, shall wilfully or n.ra.,y negligently omit or refuse to do his duty herein, according to the lor

directions aforesaid, such officer shall, on proof being made there- duty, of, to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for Revenue

any officer of his Majesty's revenue to enter, in the day-time, '.fiu'r'-,".'1*

into any house, out-house, store-house, or other place helonij'me; i,!l'cl':'vl"cl' 1 ’ ’ 1 0 01 n'rr is nioic

to any person or persons dealing in, storing, or having in his, ib.ui /, filler or their possession, any spirits or strong waters made in this kingdom, exceeding four gallons, and to demand a permit or let- j?'. pass, signed by the proper officer of excise, for such spirits as shall prnfVc"*!, or he found therein, and if on demand made by any such officer, ihiy

such permit or let-pass, or a certificate under the hand of a proper

officer, that a permit had been lodged with him, shall not be produced within a reasonable time after such demand, or proof made that a permit had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such spirits or strong waters, together with the calks or vessels in which they shall be contained, shall lie for-

Vol. XVIII. 13 C feited,

i [ 14 27jf iblrlj-dg’hh Year of George III.

A.D.

kited, and Hiall r.nd may be seized by any officer of his Majesty’s

1798.

Cnlle&o.-s to give cc ii-/L’.ites to per. fi»:M HienlW, on which im-perrers (h.iJI

eitdorfcifae , puticulars of cxcif:;ab!c goods foM, ns herein d:-r teles! j

cCt'citk.Ucs with cnJorle-went* to be 1 produced to officers granting permits;

officers to specify date?, numbers and places, in endorseijiciuj, and sign their names, and if endorsj-ments and

revenue.

XIV. And be it enacted, Tint every collector who shall grant a license to any person to deal in exciseable goods, shall, at the time of granting such license, give the person obtaining the fame a certificate thereof, which certificate shall, at every time the person or ]>eifons so licensed to deal in exciseable goods shall purchase any such goods from any importer thereof, be produced to such importer, who shall endorse on such certificate, the quantity and quality of such. goods, the marks, numbers and weight thereof; and if spirits, the degrees of strength of the liquor in each C2lk, (die place where,-and the time-when, and the name of the ship in which the fame was imported, ami the time when the duty thereon was paid,'and the name of the person to whom the f:me shall be fold, and the time of Inch sale, and such importer, or his kno wn clerk shall sign such endorsement; and such certificate with Ijich endorsement.as aforesaid, Hull he produced to the proper officer for granting a permit for such exciseable goods, and such officer shall, at the lime of granting every such permit, specify in such endorsement the date, and number of the permit, and the place where the same shall be granted, and sign his name thereon; and if on an examination by any officer of the revenue, such endorsement shall he found not to correfpend with the goods so examined, :;d! such goods shall lie seized and forfeited, together with the calks

goois found do no: core-’f-pond, they shall b>; iVized DcV.ers to

fend rojice to Oncers within 24 hours alter arrival-of ex-

eifeab'o goods; duty of officers in Inch ca/es;

dealers »vho do a>ot give police to of-,f;Cers, or do not produce certificates v/hcu requ'r-cd, forfeit loch goods, !Utd 2cl.

or packages containing the fia-me.

XV. And be it enacted, That- every retailer of, and dealer in i exciseabls goods, as often as he or (lie shall purchase any such; g,ood.; from- any importer thereof, shall on their arrival to the place , of their defiin.ition, or within twenty-four hours after, give notice thereof-in writing to the proper.officer, w!ki is. hereby required to repair immediately thither, and examine such-goods with the merchant’s endorse-nenton the back of such certificate, of the fai.: retailer or dealer’s license, and if-such goods shall agree with the <ic-. feciption in the said endorsement, the officer shall take- such goods into, his general account of stock> and inch retailer shall he entitled to credit for the fame, as goods legally, imported; and in case any retailer of, or dealer.in exciseable.goods, shall neglect or re-fulc to give Inch officer such notice, or shall not produce his said certificate as often as he shall be- required by such officer so to do, in every such case, the goods, and the calks or packages containing the same shall be forfeited, and such retailer and dealer shall forfeit the film of twenty pounds for every time he shall not produce his said certificate when required, as aforesaid.

The thirly-eighth Tee,;- cf George III. 11 fj

XVI. And be it enacted, That the pv'per officers of excise D. A. shall take an account of the dock of all retailers of, and dealers in '7 exciseable goods, and iheii keep a full and true account thereof in Ct^P'_77-a book, and on every visit ih.ail give to such retailer or dealer an , Oiii.vnio exact copy of the account of the dock fe by him taken, and enter c.,|,.s.,f the lame in a certificate-book to he k.-pt by Inch reraiier nr dealer; and in all cases where a permit dm! be neceslhrv for the iVnfequeut; >.!.. art removal of any goods, the retailer or dealer ih.ail produce to the r.u w;,'a,j permit ting officer his certificate-hook, and opposite to the officer's account of flock, tlte retailer or dealer shall enter the quantity am! j.a|.r, ta ouality of the gooJs to he permitted, to vhom and where lent, and the same shall be signed by fitch retailer or dealer, or Ins when they_known clerk; and if it shall appear that any fraud was committed a.id to <nn« ' to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, by the clerk of any rc-taller cr dealer, such retailer or dealer Audi be accountable for the comaali.'c fur fame, as for his own aft; and every mailer who shall rclide in any ph-.ee except within the did viol of the metropolis of Dublin, wmi= by their shall l'o often as any flic!’, certificate-book shall lie filled with entries

required to be made therein, deliver the same to the proper officer of excile; and every retailer who shall reside within the d.llrif! of the metropolis of Dublin, shall lb often as such certificate-book fluid be filled with entries as aforesaitl, deliver the fame at the permit-office for the division in which such retailer shall reside, or in default thereof, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and no permit dtall he granted to convey any exciseable goods from any retailer or dealer after he or die ought to have so delivered such certificate-book, as aforesaid, until he or die shall have so delivered up the same.

XVII. And be it enacted, That as often as any exciseable goods dtall be conveyed to any retailer or dealer therein, the officer of excise diall enter an account of all such goods in the certificate-hook kept by such retailer or dealer, and the permit or certificate from which such entries shall have been made, shall be. fastened in fitch certificate-book by the retailer or dealer, ants dtall so remain fastened until the force of fitch permit, or the certificate granted in lieu thereof, dtall have expired, and a new certificate shall he obtained in place of the fame for lb much of the goods as shall remain on hands at the end of each quarter, or until the whole of the quantity contained in fitch permit or certificate shall he t'ilposed of, and such new or quarterly certificate dtall be fastened by the retailer or dealer to fitch certificate-book, ami remain lb fastened whilst any part of the goods for which the original permit or certificate had been granted, dtall remain on hands;

13 C 3 and

with II dif-

iria of mr-

tro|«i!.s. Dull dvliver certificate-boolrr, when filled, io

c!i >so in rill*-tricl of metro'olis, at divisional permit oili-cej { penalty ice I. and r.u permits granted until tluy are so deibered.

Cffieers :o enter gnrvji in certihcat?* bo j!:s 5 an J retailers shall fallen permits and ccr:i.'>

wh.*re tluy ill ill rciuirn U". ii periods herein dated.

qj:i;e;!y certificate to ! e f.:t: m rl ay dealer:;

ni6 A.D. 1798.

Chap.75.

cfficcssnc*. to rant ptr*

JUU!. but on prcof herein rujuircd.

Dealers to give conifi-cate books*

ftc.to oflicers, within todays. nfterevery31st December, who shall give certificates for balance of flock, and enter in certificate-books, &c.

50l. penalty for neglecting to deliver certificate-book; and no permit granted until inch i$ delivered.

What shall be .1 protection. for excitable goods.

Persons who receive permits with goods, shall lodge them with officers, as herein directed

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

and no officer of the revenue shall grant any permit on the credit of such certificate-book, unless it shall appear by the permits or certificates annexed thereto, that the person applying for fitch permit is entitled to credit for the quantity of goods for which he or flic requires such permit, nor unless such person make oath that die goods for which he or ffie requires such permit, are part of the fame goods mentioned in the permit or certificate fastened to the book, and by virtue of which such goods were taken into flock, or in case of a quarterly certificate that the goods for which he or ffie requires such permit, are part of the goods for which such quarterly certificate was granted.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every retailer of exciseable goods, shall within fourteen days after the thirty-first day of December, in every year, if such retailer shall reside in any place of this kingdom, except within the distriit of the metropolis of Dub-

lin, deliver to tire officer of the walk in which he or flie resides; and if such retailer shall rc'fide within the district of the metropolis of-Dublin, at1 the permit-office for the division in which he or flie shall refule, the certificate-book in which the account of his or her flock shall have been entered, with all the permits and certificates which shall have been.fastened thereto, as aforesaid, and such officer shall thereupon give to such retailer, a certificate for such of his flock mentioned in the said. certificate-book as shall then remain on hands, and shall enter the fame in a new certificate-hook to be kept in manner aforesaid; and if any retailer shall neglect to deliver to such o fficer. his certificate-book, he or flie shall for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and no permit shall be granted to convey any goods from.any retailer, after the time lie or flic is hereby required to deliver to the officer the said cer-itificate-book, with the permits and certificates fastened thereto, unless his or lier said book shall have been delivered to such officer.

XIX. And be it e nailed, That no such entry of any officer in any book, shall be sufficient to protect any exciseable goods from lcizure, unless the permit for conveying such goods, or the mer-.chant’s certificate under which the fame were received, or the certificate granted in lieu of such permit, or such; quarterly certificate as aforesaid, shall remain fattened to the said ccrcificate-book.

XX. And bc.it enacted, That in cases where by law permits for conveying of goods are required, and such permit shall be issued and taken out, the person to whom such goods shall be sent, shall within twenty-lour hours, or in case a Sunday, or Christmas-

day,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1117

tlay, or Good-Friday shall intervene, in forty-eight hours after A.D. the arrival of such goods at the place of their dellination, or after 1798. the expiration of the time limited in such permit, repair to the Chap. 7J. proper officer for granting permits, where an office for that pur- ' pose shall be established, and in all other places to the colleSor, surveyor, or other officer, of excise, with such permit, and shall lodge the fame with the proper officer in such office, or with such collector, surveyor, or other officer of excise; and every such officer shall, within twenty-four hours after any such permit shall be sooli,>

/ . 4 , fwrar pro-

so lodged with him, careiully examine such goods, and shall, with- prieter?, and out fee or reward, upon affidavit or oath made by the person to whom such goods shall be sent, (which oath, such officer may ad- out ‘et!; minister) that the goods mentioned in the permit, were really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, give to the person bringing such permit, a certificate signed by such officer, that the said permit was lodged with him, which certificate shall contain what Ml be in the body thereof, a copy of such permit without erafuTe or al-teration, and the day of granting such certificate, and such certificate shall protect the goods so long as the same shall continue of fence.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every person applying for a per- M,nncrof mit, for conveying any quantity of spirits or (Irong waters, shall iiruingpcr-give to the officer who is togrant such permit, an account in writ- jts, 1

ing, of the number of calks, or vessels, in which such spirits or strong waters are to be contained, together with the quantity of spirits or strong waters which are to be contained in each calk or vessel, and such officer shall upon granting such permits, give therewith a ticket for every calk or vessel, mentioned in such permit, stamped with such (lamp or mark, as the chief commissioners of excise shall think proper; and the tickets so to be given to each person, shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with the number one, and (trail contain the number and date of the permit, the persons name to whom granted, the name of the person to whom, and the place to which the calk corresponding with the number of the ticket is to be sent, the number of gallons of (pints contained in such calk or vessels, and the time such permit is to remain in force, with the initial letters of the officer’s name, who shall give the fame, subscribed thereto; anil the

1 , n c

person receiving such ticket or rickets, before the removal of such cominii.j.

(pints or strong waters, for which such permit was granted, shall

affix or fallen one of such tickets with paflc, or other glutinous

substance, on each calk or vessel; which ticket shall coiaspond

ing The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

with the number and contents of the calk or vessel on which it shall 179b'. be affixed, or in default thereof, the spirits and the -calk or calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

Tickets to XX.I1. And be it enacted, That in all cases where it is by lav Ha or" directed, that a ticket be affixed or fattened to the head of any calk anil or veil'd, containing spirits made in this kingdom, fitch ticket shall !i|runtilofli- remain affixed or fattened thereto, and the spirits shall remain in them oTun- such calk, or veil'd, and shall not be again removed, until the fame ii permits shall be examined by the proper officer, or the permit, by virtue of

urc lotWdj * 1 '

and ceinifi. which such spirits shall have been conveyed, shall be lodged with yemliy"’ bim, and his certificate thereof obtained, or in.default thereof, tile P" sall°"'. perfoti to whom such spirits were lb conveyed, by virtue of such rits foifcited. permit, shall forfeit the turn of five shillings for every gallon of the spirits which shall appear by the permit for conveying the fame, or by the ticket affixed to such calk, to have been contained therein; and all such spirits, and the calks in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

Retailers

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to retail goJdTin d'ic any exciseable goods within the distridk of the metropolis of Dub-triti of mo- lin, shall, within fourteen days after the twenty-fifth day of March, tnake'tpiar- twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and day of December, in every year, make a return to the diyifional per- proper officer, at the permit-cilice, in the division in which such re-on oath, as tailor shall reside, of the quantity of spirits, wine, coffee, tea, fu-cd^wWc'h0" Sar’ bops, tobacco, snuff, or other exciseable goods, in his or her oath may be possession, at the time of making such return, and shall make oath by fuchaffi- before such officer, that such return is a true account of the quan-wUcii nicy tlt'es bich exciseable goods, then in the custody or possession are to grant of fuclt retailer, to the bell; of his or her calculation and belief; and for balances, that lie or ffie received regular permits or certificates, with and for every article contained in such return, and that to the bell of his or her knowledge and belief, his Majesty's duties were paid for all such goods, which oath every such dfficer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and such officer is thereupon to grant one general certificate, for so much spirits, wine, coflce, tea, sugar, hops, tobacco, l'nuff, or other exciseable goods, as such retailer shall then have on hands, which certificate shall have the fame effect, as the original permits or certificates granted for such

goods.

sol. penalty

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to retail hd'Siacf anf exciseable goods within the district of the metropolis of Dublin,

l/iurks tw ba lukcn out by hifWir.', penalty 50l.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1:119

Jill, who shall neglect to make such return of his or her (loci:, in A.D.

the manner, ami within the time by this act directed, shall, for 179^-

every such neglect, forfeit the sum of ten pounds (lerling j and no permit shall be granted to convey any goods from any fudi retailer, mnroj-oiis until fitch return of (lock as aforesaid, shall be made. lo'malic«!

XXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the paflmcr of ! 01

’ i O i;o ptr-

this act, every person brewing strong beer or ale, or (inall beer for r.iiu pr.inu-.l file, whether by retail or otherwise, shall, before he cr flic shall 5rc' brew any strong beer or ale, or small beer, take out a license for so doing, from the collector of the district in which he or die shall re-ftde, for every brew-house or place in which he or (lie [shall brew such strong beer or ale, or small beer, and pay to such collector the duty payable thereon; which license shall express the name and surname, and place of abode of the person taking out such license, and the place where the brewery, in respect of which such license shall be taken.out, is situated; and if any person brewing strong beer or ale, Or small beer for sale, shall brew any strong beer or ale, or small beer, in any brew-house, or other place, without having taken out such license to brew therein, or without having a license for that purpose, of force, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That perfor.s in

partnership carrying on the business of a brewer, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license; and that no one iicenfc which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize or empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted to brew bmvi,_ strong beer or ale or small beer, in any other brew-house or place than such brew-house or place as shall be mentioned in fuclt license; »!j-

and every such license shall continue of force for one year, from which shall be the time of granting thereof.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the several collcdors in this !lmc of grant-

ing.

kingdom, shall upon receipt of the duty payable upon any such li- CoiicOon cense, grant such license under their respective hands, for ea:h of Vcitm'11 which licenses there shall be taken by such collectors for their own f'-

ty, and a tcc

use, a fee of two shillings and eight pence-halfpeony, and no of«. adh. more, over and above the duty payable thereon.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every factor and other per- ^cc0,m., son dealing in, or storing malt, and every brewer and distiller who of Uimcrf, -hath given to the collector of the district, in which he or (lie re- Honam be fules, such account as is by law required, of any (lore or place intended to be used by him or her, for keeping or storing malt, shall 'jyjw, within fourteen days after he or (lie shall he required by any ofli- id 1

'-1 D a cer

Brewtn i>. parttieili-.tji not

out more lit tr« t Jit cjjfe;

wh:c!» ftK.ll authoriz.’

in no

1.120 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A. , D. cer of excise, give to 'such collector an account in writing, under

179* his or her hand, specifying the measure in'feet and-inches, of the length, breadth, and.heighth of eachfueh store or place, or in default thereof, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and every flidtoror other person dealing in, ordofingmalt, and every brewer ;?nd distiller who shall give to the collector of the distridf, -in which ;he of the shall.refiiie, such,account as is'by law required, of any :-store,or place intended to be used'by him dr her, for keeping or :storing malt, shall, at the time -of giving such account, specify therein in writing, und.er his or'lier hand, the measure'in feet and iinches of the length, breadth, and -heigh th of each such (lore or place, -or in default .-thereof, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

joi.pe-

XXIX. And he 'It enacted, That if (he -length, Ibreadth, or melifons«- ‘iicightli ,of any such store or place, of which such account as cccd account aforesaid, shall he so given as rfforesaid, shall,exceed by'four -inches

given m by ° J

inches. the dimenfipns or measure of the length, breadth, or'heighrh, respectively, which shall have been mentioned in-such account, to be ;tba dimqpfioos pr roeafure of the 'length, breadth, or hdighth thereof, the factor, brewer, dilliller, or other person who shall have given fu.ch account, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

r«rfoA!

XXX. And be it enacted, That no -m.iltfter, or -other perfoa Titcnormike raa^‘nS mah for fal<?, or.not'forfale, shall erect or set up, alter or uCsofive/ftis! enlarge, or ma'ke life of any dflern, uting-vat, uterrfil, or other making or vessel, for the wetting or deeping of corn or grain, to be made in-or any couch-frame, ,or any'kiln, floor, room, or other 1*30°-°i place for keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making make use of into malt, Without first giving notice in writing to the collector of places not the distridi, of his or her intention to erect or let up, alter, enlarge, >» or make nfe of such cittern, :using-vat, lUtenftl, or other vessel, or salt 2of. for couch-frame, or such kiln, floor, room or other place, -or shall *SorCl* keep or mahe use of any cittern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel fia??. for the wetting ,cf rhis or their corn or grain, making into malt, or other than those which shall have been mentioned in the return, required by Jaw to be made to the cotjcdtor, and which shall be openly known and made use of in his or her common malting-ho.use, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds, for every such ciltcrn, uting-vat, utcofii, or other vessel, couch-frame, kiln, floor, room, or other place, so credted or set up, altered or enlarged, without such notice, as aforesaid, or kept private or concealed, or made use of, without an -account thereof, having be.cn returned t; the.collector.

3

112 1

The thirl\-cighih Year r.f George III.

XXXI. And whereas collectors of his Majesty's t’urv r.fA. money, often clcfnuid his Majesty of the duties received t>v them, and fotne times have not returned the hooks of their respective col- ;M_f / ' lertiorts, whereby the monies received and due by them, canno; he !'r.i:.;! a..-sufficientiy ascertained, and have in fever.il inst.tnec’s wholly neg- h Joiled to account: be it cnarted, That in every calc where any collector, or distr.iflctl collector of hearth-money, shall nr.: \.-it 11iit thirty-one days after demand in writing, signed by three commit'-tioners of the revenue! served on him, at his lilu.il place o! ah’C'de, ',i'1111 make a return, orfurnuh an account of the duties of hearth-money, in ;i dno paid and payable for any year in the walk of fttcli collector, or in [iy'^V.1 any parish or parishes in which he shall have been diverted to col- y,-rs. fh..!t lert, then the number of hearths in such walk, or parish or pa - as riflin' riihes, as the case may he, fit all, for fitch year, be deemed equal to the number of hearths in fitch walk or parish or paritlies, for the c‘ h/-

1 w iich Iddli i

year next preceding, for which an account for such walk or parish p.l.iiw or paridies was settled by general a list rafts: and such cnljeflor shall ' tL‘‘" be charged with Inch Ihm as the duty on the number of hearths appearing by such settled account or abstrart, to be in such walk, or parish or parishes, in such preceding year, has amounted, or shall amount to, in the year iri which inch return or account Utah not have been made, and he and his sureties shall be liable to, and shall pay the same.

XXXII. And be it cnarted, That in every case where any col- Wirrej

J J collector

lertor, or dismissed collector of the said duty, shall not charge him- dnrgn him-

felftvith the receipt of a Atm in any year, as the produce of any

one or more parish or parillies, within his collection, equal to the """’I’" of

r ii i 1 1 hearths than

Juni which the number of hearths appearing 1>5f the general ab-were last ae-strart for the said preceding year, for which an account was set- ^Cn,o°rrc’ tied, to he in each parish or parillies, ought to have produced, j.n*nafc"®f and that three or more inflanees of fraud or suppression of duty preffionup-received, shall appear in the account of any such collector, or dif- f'^furoliT milTal collector o! IieaHh-tnoncv, the produce of every such pa- PW,hc

1 J full amount.

nfli lor such year, at. aforesaid, shall be deemed to lie equal to the sum which the number of hearths so appearing to be therein, in the next preceding year, for which an account was settled by abstrart,

as aforesaid, ought to produce, and the collector, or dismissed collector of hearth-money, in whose account such instances of fraud or suppression shall appear, shall be charged with such Ami, as the number of hearths appearing by such settled account or abstrart, to be in such parish or parillies, in fitch preceding year, ought to produce, and he and his sureties shall be liable to, and shall pay the same.

XXXIII.

1122 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXXIII. Whereas the flierifls of the county of the town of .1798. Galway, have not, for many years past, accounted in his Ma-Chap. 75. jesty’s court of exchequer, upon the several writs of green-wax

process issued to them out of the said court, and their accounts are Sliertfls of 1

co. of town now involved in much intricacy and difficulty, by reason of such £1, as well as by the deaths and insolvencies of several per-fous charged with lines and forfeited recognizances in the said pro

have not ac-cotii'L'J (or many years,

nnd ik-ir ac- eels; and it v.-onld tend to the publick service, and the better exc-coum.nrcjn. 0p (|lc ].[ws within the said county, if the sheriffs thereof

u/lvcil in c iiculty, I'tz.

were relieved from the necessily of accounting for or upon the said process, and that all lines against them for Inch negleds, he rc- fliciiffswho mitted; be it enacted, That the sheriffs of the said county of the I1t'ci! town of Galway, who have served the said office of ffierilfs for

roic2yihSc[)i. 175

here:)) rc-from iccodr.ting, &c.

biron- of cx-clietjiicr to (lilciiarye all aitucliments, ?<c. ag.utWt UiCm;

co. of ioivii (

Ci.dway, he- ally period of time before the twenty-ninth day of September, one llioufand seven hundred and ninety-live, be, and they are hereby released from accounting in his Majesty's court of exchequer, as by law, and the course of the f.iid court they ought to do; and that the barons of his Majesty's said court of exchequer be, ami they are hereby aathoriled and empowered to remit all lines imposed upon the fcv.er.tl persons who have served the office of flie-rifls in the said county respectively, at any time before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, for their not having accounted, and to discharge the several attachments issued against; them in consequence thereof, and to order and direct that tite hail-bonds taken by the pursuivant of the said court under fitch attachments, be null and void, and be delivered up to be cancelled; and that the said fev.eral persons, their heirs, executors and administrators, he wholly exonerated from said fines; and that the sheriffs of said county, who have served in the said office, from the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand

nccuimt.ible seven hundred and ninety-five, or who now serve, or shall at any Jor an> thing ' t '

prior thereto. time hereafter serve in the said office, upon their accounting in his Majesty's court of exchequer for, or upon the several process issued. to them out of the said court, shall not be chargeable with or made accountable for any fine contained in any process issued to them against any of the said sheriffs, prior to the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, for not accounting.

Fmes, tr.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the

rot mhcrwiic t '

dirtflei, shall fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than lly i" sm" and except fitch as are by tills act otherwise provided for, shall nvcnuchw anc' maybe sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such man-in force, with ner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers

like remedy of appeal.

fiiciifo from a.jih Sept.

1 795. are noi

and

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1123

and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and A. H. by an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and 179s’-fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, an all for the settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hook if rates therein inserted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and elsedually to all intents, conllrudions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and cx-pressed, and re-enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who Hull think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the salt! ad of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to be In force to of force until the twenty-fom th day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then rcxl next lession of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the Relief of Pa fits who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

WHEREAS several persons well afieded to his Majesty's government, and the church of Ireland as by law established, may have through ignorance neglected, or been prevented by ftekness, or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the Lord’s ftipper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the diredionc of an act passed in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, an a(l to prevent the further growth oj popery; and may thereby have incurred great penalties; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons who have incurred any penalties or incapacities in the said act, entitled, an act to prevent the further growth of popery, mentioned, by nc-gleding to qualify themselves according to the said act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and difehurged from all incapacities. disabililies, forfeitures and penalties incurred by reason of 13 £ 2 such

[Preamble.]

Persons who have incurred penalties or incapacities under the 2d of Anne, by neglecting to qualify, are hereby indemnified;

Such re:

f.in.ilial' i-sle

l!ic o.uhs, &o. (,ii 01 belc-ie

1 J.m. 17';.j-

'Not to M* fur i' to oili-

7 It th'n lyiigllh Year c/_ George III.

fuel. omission or neglect as aforesaid; and that no act or acts don.;

1))' them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be question-Chap^yo. C(j of avojc|aj \ty reil|oii of such neglect or omi/Iion; but all inch acts shall be, and are hereby declared to be as good and elseftu.il as if all and cveiy inch person and persons had taken and Jtibscribed the said oaths, and received the had sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and iiibscribed the said declaration, at Cutb time, place, and manner, as is therein mentioned; any thing in (he hid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1.1. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall take and (iildcribe the said oaths, and make, repeat, anil litbscribe the said dt-ekir then, in Inch manner and form, and in Inch place and places as an: directed and appointed by the said act, to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of January, which (lial! he in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to rello. e or entitle any person or persons il T'lu-rii-jil. to any oflice or employment, already a finally avoided by judgment or tilled up. in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already filled lip by any other person, hut that such office or employment shall be, and remain in the person and persons who is, or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if this act had never been made.

Members -IV. And whereas certain persons, being members of the house c,rthe houic of peers, may through inattention or inadventure, have omitted

of peers way 1 '

haveincurred or neglected to take and subscribe the oaths, and to make and tub-

penalties. Sic. fcrj[je ^,5 declaration at the time, and in the manner which they

are required by law to do, and may have thereby incurred great

penalties, and been rendered subject to great disabilities and incapa-

fucVi persons cities; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all

SnnnjT-e alK* evcl7 *"uch l>erJon or persons being protestants, shall be, and

arC hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged of, and from all in-

av.d no aft*of -capacities, disabilities, forfeitures and penalties, incur.ed by rea-

uu-Slinai bC ^on of /bch omission or neglect; and that no aft done by them,

thereby, pro- or any of them, shall be quefiioned by reason of such omission or vjdcci they

t.lke a..a fob- neglect, but that all l'ticli acts shall be, ami are hereby declared and &c.bJodlv'’ enacted to be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such person and inch tfiitn. persons had made and subscribed the said oaths, and made and

or tucctfccing 1 1

tv-if-dn. subscribed such declaration, at such time and place, and in such

manner as they are required to do by law: Provided always, That

such person or persons shall have taken and subscribed, or shall take

and

5The thirty-eighth Year of George III. I12J

and subscribe the said oaths, and make and subscribe the said deck- A.D. ration in such manner and form, 3iul in Inch place as they are re- I79®> quired to do by law, in and dining the lame, or the next succeed- ~~— ing session of parliament to that in which they have fat and voted, without the taking such oaths, and making and subscribing such declaration as aforesaid.

CHAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the Attainder of Edward Fitzgerald, commonly called Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, deceased, of High 'Treasoti.

WHEREAS Edward Fitzgerald, esquire, commonly cal- Lord tid-

ied lord Edward Fitzgerald, deceased, on the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, Corne- G,r°-

J pan, anil

lius Grogan, of Johnftown in the county of Wexford, deceased, li. B. Harvey, on the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety- anTofirel-eight, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, of Bargy-castle, in the ^Jj!1 said county of Wexford, deceased, on the fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and at various other times during the period of their natural lives, since the days aforesaid, did falsely and traitoroully imagine and compass the death of our sovereign lord the King, a fid did in like manner levy war against our lord the King, and did in like manner adhere to the enemies of our lord the King: And whereas in order to carry their said treasons into effect:, the said lord Edward Fitzgerald, on the said first day of December, one thousand l’even hundred and ninety-seven, at the city of Dublin, and various other places within the kingdom of Ireland, and the said Cornelius Grogan, on the first day of June, as aforesaid, and the said Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, on the fifth day of June, as aforesaid, and at several times frnce, at Wexford, in the kingdom of Ireland, and at lcreral other places, in order to carry their said treasons into cll'eft, did conspire with several ether falle traitors, to raite and (Ur up iufmreflion and rebellion within this kingdom, and did for the purposes aforesaid, raise and levy large bodies of armed men, and for the purposes aforesaid, the said lord Edward Fitzgerald, with several false trai-

tors, did endeavour to persuade the enemies of our sovereign lord the King, to invade this his kingdom of Ireland, and with intent to depofeand dethrone our lord the King, and to subvert and overturn this his kingdom of Ireland: And whereas several other talfc Vol. XVIII. 1.3 ¥ traitors,

iii6 The.thirtyreighth Year g/T George III.

A.D.

traitors, who were concerned in the said treasons and rebellion, .1798. have-already received their trials, at ..law. for the fame, and have ^P^77‘ been- convicted thereof, and by judgment of Jaw thereupon had, other traitors do- now Hand legally attainted: And whereas the said-lord Edward conviflod"; Eitzgeratd, Cornelius Grogan, and;Beauchamp Bagenal.Harvey, uSnKd *1' died before they were- attainted, be it enacted by the authority of this, present parliament, That-.the said Edward Fitzgerald, com-fcrlld, Gro- ,-moidy called lord Edward Fitzgerald, deceased, as from the first b3r ^aT December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; fore they ., and the said Cornelius Grogan, deceased, as from the first day of were attain* Jut^e, one thousand seven hundred-aiMl.ninety-eigiitj-and the salt: lorde.Eitr-. Beauchamp Bagcijal I-Iar,vey, deceased, as. from the fifth day of tainted3as iju!le* 0lie tltpufand seven.htindred.and ninety-eight, shall by virtue from i.Dec. ..of ;thi$.act bc;.adj edged to be convitfted andattainted of high trea-Groga’n, from Ton, to all.intcnts and purposes, as if they and every, of them re-ftirvey,1 front fp^ivtly had' been attainted during their.jives respectively; and June,‘798; that all-and every the manors, messuages,-lands,-.tenements, rents, all their Fto-; reversions, remainders, possessions, rights, conditions, interests, fn'his Ma-d officesy fec. 5, annuities, and all other.lthe hereditaments,'leases for icl,y- -years, chattels, real, and other-things of what nature whatsoever

they be, -of them- the said Edward Fitzgerald,; Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey,-which; they, or ..any jierson to ..their or any-of their cufe, or in trustforthenj,r-orany..of-'them,

had on the said-respective-days on which; the said Edward Fitz-. gerald, the said Cornelius Grogan, and the said 1 Beauchamp Bage-. nal Haf-vey, -are hereby adjudged to be attainted as aforesaid respectively, -or at any-time'lince,shall Hand.and'be forfeited, unto . his Majesty, his-heirs and successors, and shall be deemed veiled

and adjudged to be-in the actual and real seizure and pdfTdlion of: his Majesty,- his heirs -and-.successprs, without any inquisition or

office hereafter to be-.taken or-found; and also that all and every other the goods and debts,; and other the thattels personal whatso-. ever, of them the said' Edward-.Fitzgerald, -..Cornelias Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, whereof upon the days Of the re- speclive deaths .-of them the said :Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, they or any of then], or any person in trull for them, or any of them, Hood possessed, either in law or equity, shall he deemed and adjudged to be forfeited unto, and are hereby veiled in his Majesty, without any in-qnifition or office to be found hereafter.

Provisoar

II. Provided always, That no conveyance, assurance, grant, bar-«nc°i"'ani gain, fade, charge, or lease, alignment of lease, estate, interest,

oihcr lunfac- trilftj

nor to a foci

conveyance: in trull for o:hers.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. i nn

trust, or limitation of any rife or uses, of or out of any manor, A.B. lands, tenements, or hereditaments, nor any statute, judgment, or 1798-

recognizance, had, made, acknowledged, or suffered, to any per- Chap^ 77. son or persons, bodies politick or corporate, by any of said often- lion.*, previ-ders respectively, or by any person or persons claiming by, from, riodi'from1'5" or under him, them, or any of them, before the respective periods the)'

1 r are hereby

from which each of them respectively, shall by this act hand at- aeaintd: tainted, for good and valuable consideration, or for or In consideration of marriage duly had and solemnized subsequent to the time of the executing, making, acknowledging, committing, -or buffering any such conveyance, assurance, grant, bargain, sale, charge, or lease, alignment of lease, estate, interest, trust, or limitation, statute, judgment, or recognizance; nor any conveyance or aflii-ranee, grant, or estate, made to any of the said offenders, by any person or persons in trust and for the benefit of any other person, save for the benefit of said offenders, or any of them, or the heirs or assigns of said offenders, or any of them, shall be impeached, defeated, or made void, or frustrated hereby, -or :by any of the convictions and attainders aforesaid, but that - the same shall be held and enjoyed by the purchasers, grantees, lessees, assigns, cejhu-qttc ttuft, and every of them, their heirs, executors, admin!-strators, and assigns, respectively, asifthisafthadnot been made, saving to all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, and to their heirs and successors, and to the.heirs, successors, and assigns of every of them, other than the said Edward Fitzgerald, commonly called lord Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagena'l Harvey, and other-the said offenders and persons attainted, and their heirs, and the heirs of every of them, all such right, title, and interest in law.and equity which they or any of them have, or ought to have, of, into, or out of the premises, not being in trust for any of the said offenders, nor derived by, from, or under the said offenders, or any of them, fmee the respective days on which they shall respectively stand attainted as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Mot to ?ffcA ad contained, shall affect the right or title of Robert Fitzgerald,

esquire, commonly called lord Robert Fitzgerald, to the dignities to dignities and honours which can or might descentl to him from the moll noble James late duke of Leinster, his father, but that the said Robert Fitzgerald, and his heirs, shall and may make title to such honours and dignities as if this aid had never passed.

IV. Whereas the aforesaid Cornelius Grogan was at the time of CCro|»n the treafen aforesaid by him committed, and at die time of his common with

13 Fa death,

si28 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

death, seized in common with the right honourable Charles lord i?!®- baron Monel:, of the manor of Ballytramtnon, and other lands in the said count/ of Wertforil: And whereas much inconvenience is of the manor likely to.arifcto the said lord baron Monck, and his heirs, in case Sf:-'?,n" the said Cornelius Grogan’s undivided proportion thereof, shall be seized, aa forfeited into the hands of the crown, without previous provisiou made lor the cafy partition of the said manor and lane's; jori Moral:, -be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may iiiitiiuic.'may be lawful to and for the said Charles lord lu.rou Monck, Ids cquj'y'ionb heirs and aiiigns, immediately after the passing of this act, and t.iina[aitl- whether the said Cornelius Grogan’s undivided proportion of the manor, Ac. said manor and lands flirtll or shall net be then faired into the actual wVs'nmmctc possessioa of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to inflitule and &c. five iliat. prosecute such suit or suits in equity as is now permitted between pcner.il Ml liilijccis of this realm, in order to obtain a fair and equal partition tmiacfc!- tjic pa;j j, I101. a)u] |anc|S) with their appurtenances, according to his or their title and interest therein, as if this a Cl had not been made, nor the said Cornelius Grogan attainted of treason, faye that the attorney-general for the time being, of Ids Majesty, his rr.in.-niuiy. heirs ami successors, shall he made a defendant- to such suit, and pillion. that it shall net he necessary for the said lord baron Mcr.ck, his heirs or assigns, to proceed by petition of right, or otherwise, fare aa al’quesaid, to obtain such partition.

How such 1V. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whe-pocccded on. t',cr such as aforesaid, shall be commenced and prosecuted . against the said attorney-general for the time being, as the only , defendant thereto, or against the person or persons -whom the law . or prabliee of courts of equity requires to be made.parties to such . suit, together with the said attorney-general, such suit Oral I bepro-. cceded on in all things as.is now. usual. in suits in equity wherein , his Majesty's attorney-general is-made defendant on behalf of his Majesty, and as if the said Cornelius Grogan wetc not hereby at-. tainted of treason, and his lands and tenements vested in the crown,

without office found.

-Qnrcicin

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of [wmbo-1' on the execution and return of the commission of perambulation

l.v.io,1, decree to be. awarded and issued in such suit, such decree of partition shall

of partition . , 1

ftaii bo pro- be made and pronounced as js ufnal m cales between subjects or usual'"1^5 this realm; and that such decree as aforesaid, when signed and shall be brad- enrolled of record, shall be binding and condusive on his Majesty,

' ' his heirs and successors, and all other persons parties to the said

suit, ami tliofc claiming under them, and-that from and imrnedi-

atrly after the signing and enrollment of the said.decree, the said i.

lord

1 he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

lord baron Monck, his heirs and alliens, shall be, and become seized in severalty (according to his and theii title and interest which he or they had in the said manor and lands before the passing of this act) of his or their now undivided proportion of the said manor and lands, and {halt have and enjoy therewith all and singular the manorial rights, privileges, services, and appurtenances to the fame manor anciently or of right belonging or appertaining, as if this act had not been made, nor the said Cornelius Grogan attainted of treason, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. LX XVIII.

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His M.ijfy's Dominions, who have been, or shall he transported, bonified, or exited, on Account of the present Rebellion, and to prohibit them from fajpng into any Country at JVar with His Majesty.

WHEREAS during the wicked and unnatural rebellion which hath broken out in this kingdom, several persons who had taken up arms against his Majesty, or had traitofously and wickedly corrcfponded with, and adhered to his enemies, or were Cthcnvife engaged in fomenting the said rebellion, and ncting therein, have been apprehended and committed to prison, for such their treasons, several of whom being conscious of their flagrant and enormous guilt, have express’ed their contrition for the lame, and have most humbly implored his Majesty's mercy, that lie would be graciously pleased to order all iurther prosecution against them to flop and furceale, and to grant his royal pardon to them on condition of their being tranl'ported, banished, or exiled to fnclt foreign country as to his Majesty in his royal wisdom shall seem meet: And whereas his Majesty may, of his royal clemency, he most graciously pleased to grant his pardon to such of the said persons as have already confessed their guilt, as aforesaid, and to others who may hereafter in like manner throw themselves upon his royal clemency, upon such conditions as his Majesty maybe pleased to prescribe: And whereas it is necessary for the public safety, and for the better enabling his Majesty to exercise his clemency towards such offenders, that the terms and conditions of their respective pardons should be punctually performed, in case his Ma-Vot. XVIII. S3 G jesty

I l 2(j

A.D.

>79

from

ami cnrol'-ni-’n: of th*. Cr?c, lord Monck ami hi; heirs lh.V.1 brcoiuekir.-c W'fl.’sor then projHtr-tioit.

SrvrrjJ prr~ so:ts who were engaged in the lebellion him- b:cn committed.

have implored his Maj:fly’: pardon, on ov> ditnn ol ba-nishinent.

Mil Majesty rony be pleased to pardon fjid personi,‘ and others who may ’

thiow themselves on his mercy: it is neccfljry thi conditions of their pardon fhojld be punctually per/oimed;

113° The ihu ty-etghih Year of George III.

A.D.

jvfty shall be plealc l to comply with l\i;h their humble suits: And

1798. whereas the following peii'on?, Thomas Bratly, of Tigrony, in the

county of Wicklow, minor; Michael Mulhall, of the town of

twines of per- Wicklow, plaillerer; John Dorney, of Tigiin, in the county of

tZ Wicklow, llator j Richard Byrue, of Cadlctown, in the county of

fC"n" ^are’ Bricklayer; Joicph Davis, of the city of Dublin, cutler;

guilt, unit be- Patrick Madden, of the city of Dublin, huxter; Farrell Cull', of

Majestym Edenderrv, in the King's county, ii.hool-nrafl.er; John Lacy, of

nup funi.er city of Dublin, founder; L;lm GallLs, of Curlubber, in the county

pioUciituns, /

oncmuliiiou of Roscommon, laml-iurveyoi; John Kmkead, of Ljrvaiirtagh, in

uiioMunilt,- the county of Tyrone, fanner; Robert Goodman, of the city of

ir.ent, or ex- Dublin, fawycr; Rowland Goodman, of the city of Dublin, li.t-

iic, to fucu

intdpi conn- for; Denis Cartliv, of the city of Dublin, writing-clerk; John Gor-

war ttitVbis man Kennedy, of tbs city of Dublin, brewer; Samuel N'.iiion. o‘.

f.lijcil)-,a.hc |;c|fa|l ;n the comity of Antrim, merchant; Matthew' Dowling, of Anil mink fit. 1 ' . ... r

1 he city of Dublin, attorney at law; Henry Banks, of the city 01

Dublin, cabinet-maker; the reverend John Barrett, of the city of Dublin, popish pried; Edward Crookthank Kerne, of the city of Dublin, attorney at law; Patrick Byrne, of the city of Dublin, printer and bookseller; John Young, of Bellad, in the county of Antrim, inn-keeper; William Houston, of the city of Dublin, dentid; John Keenan, of Liftmrn, in the county of Antrim, taylor; Thomas RufTcll, of Bclfaft, in the county of Antrim, efejuire; Francis

Meagher, of the damp-odice, in the city of Dublin, gentleman; John Greene, of the city of Dublin, pipe-maker; prisoners confined in his Majesty's gaol at Newgate; John Lynch, of the city of ;Dublin, merchant; Patrick Divine, of Baltymun, in the county of

Dublin, farmer; Israel Millikm, of Belfad, in tile county of An-. trim, mullin manufacturer; Daniel Toland, of Belfnll, aforesaid, muOin spinner; Thomas Addis Emmett, of the city of Dublin, ef-tjuire, barrider at law; William James M'Neven, of the city of 'Dublin, doctor of plivlic; Henry Jackson, of the city of Dublin, iron founder; John Srvectman, of the city of Dublin, brewer;

George Cltmming, of the town of Kildare, in the county of Kildare, apothecary; Edward Hudson, junior, of the city of Dublin, dentid, Thomas Reynolds, of Culmullen, in the county of Meath, farmer; the reverend James M.'Bushe, of the city of Dublin, popish pried; Richard Dillon, of the city of Dublin, linen merchant.; Chridopher Martin, of Coledown, in the county of Meath, farmer; Peter Bannen, of Rathmines, in the Queen’s county, farmer; Hamden Evans, of Mount Evans, in the county of Dublin, esquire; James Rose, of Windy Harbour, in the county of Dublin, calico printer; Thomas Dry, of the city of Dublin,

clothier;

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. n;i

cblhiar; Rnhert Neillon, of Bcltaft, in the county of Antrim, A. I), painter; John Hun'ilO'], of Belfall, in the said county of An-trim, nailer; Alexander Adlcv, of 15 Jf.dl, aforesaid, pttbiirau;

John Kennedy, of Belfast, aforesaid, cutler; Peter Ivors, of the town of Carlow, in the county of Carlow, carpet mat-maker; Lawrence Kelly, of Mountmcllick, in the Queen’s aunty, funner;

James Ilnflev, of lieiiaft. in the county of Antrim, taylor; 1 otej>!i Cuihbcvt, of Belfast, in the county of Antrim, aforesa'ul, taylor

Henry Speers, of Belfad, aforesa'ul, woollen draper; Roheit Red-iern, of Belfad, aforesaid, sadler; prisoners confined in his Majesty's gaol of Kiimaiuham; Arthur O’Connor, of the city of Dublin, aforesaid, esquire, barriller at law; John C'omyn, of Lcighlin-bridge, in the county of Carlow, apothecary; Richard O’Reilly, of Newtown Mount Kennedy, in the county of Wicklow, miller;

John Swiny, of the city of Cork, woollen draper; Lawrence Griffin, of TuIlow, in the county of Cirlow, (Imp-keeper; Michael Flood, of Newhali, in the county Kildare, miller; Michael Doyle, of Kilcullen, in the county of Kildare, victualler; William Sampson, of the city of Dublin, dqtdre, barriller at law; William Ayl-mer. of Rundown, in the county of Kildare, esquire; Edward Fitzgerald, of Netvpark; in the county of Wexford, esquire; Garret Byrne, of Ballymanus, in the county of Wicklow, farmer;

Edward Boyle, of the city of Dublin, wine cooper; Hugh Ware, of Rathcoffey, in the county of Kildare, surveyor; Joseph Cormick, of the city of Dublin, goldsmith; George Lube’, of Corkerandown, in the county of Kildare, grazier; James Ticrnan, of Clane, in the v county of Kildare, grocer; Andrew Farrell, of Downings, in the county of Kildare, farmer; Denis Farrell, of the same place, farmer; Bryan Mr. Demon, of Hodgeftown, in the county of Kildare, farmer; Miehnl Qnigly, cf R:\theo3ey, in the county of Kildare, bricklayer; John Reily, of Kilcock, in the county of Kildare, fltoem.tkcr; Patrick Hanlon, of Balynagapogc, in the county of Kildare, fanner; Richard Daly, of Sallins, in the county of Kildare, innkeeper; l’eter Corcoran, of Landanllown, in the county of Kildare, gudiner; Patrick Mo'.vnev, of Downings, in the county of Kildare, farmer; Thomas Andoe, of Brackenftown, in the county of Kildare, farmer; James Smyth, of Leixlip, in the county of Kildare, callico printer; Patrick Lynch, of Lucan, in the county of Dublin, carpenter; Patrick Macan, of the city of Dublin, apothecary; William Putnam Me. Cabe, of Belfast, in the county of Antrim, watch-maker; Morgan Kavanagh, esquire;

Hugh Wilson, late a clerk in the hank of MedieursT'inlay, in the 13 G 2 city

His Majesty may be plcuf-cti tocompl): and it is lie* cclTary to puard a gainst Violation of londiueus;

persons who \ id Ue the

u»i iluiom of h return to his Mnjrlty’i dominions, or found on board any vdi'cl, with intent to land in his

jd!y’» dominions, ergo to France, Spin, or United Fro-. Vinces, dur-. int; tins war, trai.jr country under t ieir governments, or occupied by their armies, shall be deemed traitors at united, and incur all ..sains,. Stc.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

city of Dublin; John Kinfclagh, of the city of Dublin, army accoutrement-maker; Patrick Byrne, late Howard of Wogan Browne, of the county of Kildare, esquire; John Chambers, of the city of Dublin, printer; James Geraghty, of the city of Dublin, gentleman; who are now in actual custody, and Hand charged with high treason, have confesseu themselves to have been guilty of the fame, in having taken up arms, and levied war against his Majesty; or in having wickedly and traitorously corresponded with, and adhered to his enemies; or in fomenting,promoting, and otherwise ailing, in the said rebellion; and have most humbly belought his Majdlv, in his-royal wisdom.and clemency, graciously to order all further prosecution of them, for such their treafens, to Hop and furcrease, on condition of their tranl'portation, banishment or exile, respectively, from his Majesty's dominions, to such foreign country, not being at war with his Majesty, as to his royal tvifdont shall seem meet: And whereas his Majesty may, of lift gteat clemency, he pleased to comply with such their humble suit, and it is neceOury cficitur.Hy to guar,! ag.onfl any violation of such conditions as his Majesty may annex to any pardon which he may be pleased to grant to the said persons, or to any of them, or to any other rcrson or perl’ons who now are, or hereafter may be in the like predicament; be it therefore emitted, That if any of the persons aforesaid, or any other person or persons, to whom his Majesty shall lie . graciously pleased to grant his most gracious pardon for the said treafens, or any of the n, before their trial and conviction, respectively, shall at any time violate the conditions of such pardon, or any of them; or being transported, bantshed, or exiled, as aforesaid, shall return, or come into or be at large in any part of his Majesty's dominions, or shall be found on board any ship, vessel, or boat, with intent to land in any of his Majesty's dominions, or shall violate any of the conditions of their respective pardons; or shall voluntarily, during the continuance of the present war, go into or remain in any part of Fi ance, Spain, or of the United Provinces, or any country or place in Europe, or elsewhere, which is nr shall be under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall. exercise the powers of government in France, or of the king of Spain, or of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise the powers of government in the United Provinces, or any country occupied by the armies of France or Spain, or of the United . Provinces, lie, (lie, or they so offending, respectively, being lawfully convicted, shall be deemed traitors, attainted of high treason, and shall. incur all the pains and penalties to which they would have n been

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. l tjj

been respective'iy fuhjccb, it they had been respectively con-.ided mil I'1.

attainted of hiirh trcalhn by due course oi1 /'A-

Ch...r. 7:.

II. And be it enacted, by the authority aiuresaid, Tluit in case any person or persons whatsoever, shall knowingly aid or nihil any huh "j'l'y person or persons so pardoned, or to be pardoned, on the condition oi . a transportation, banithment, or exile, as aforesaid, in his, her, it b, j,.VjVr-their voluntary and unlawful returning or coming into any part of ! f1 f-his Majesty's dominions, or being on board any ship, ve lie!, or boat, with intent to come into the fame, or in voluntarily going into or continuing.in any of the countries and places herein before specified, during the present war, such person or persons, lo offending, shall be guilty of felony, and hull on convidiou, respectively, ftilfcr death, and forfeit as in cales of felony, without b.'iieilt of clergy.

Ili. And be it further enacted, That if any of his ?\iaj.fly’s l’ofor. subjects of this kingdom, or any other person rclident or being 'cj,j°r[|p, within the same, shall, directly or indirectly, hold any coinmuni-cation or correspondence, by writing or otherwise, with any person niil.eJ. with-who shall be so transported, exiled, or bani(hcd, in pursuance of the rIOm lo.-j conditions of such pardon, respectively, during the lime of his or her exile or banithment, without license for that purpose (irtl had or from i r. c. and obtained from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or iniara.Vnui’ governors of this kingdom, or from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of (late in Great Britain, then, and in every such case, every such person, so offending, shall he guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof, shall be transported for the term of his or her life.

IV. And be it enacted, That as to all persons who shall be so M

pardoned, as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient upon any trial of them, charter of respectively, for any offence against the provisions of this act, to

prove the identity of such person or persons, and that they have been respectively at large in some part of his Majesty's dominions, any trial

i i i i n n. i . for violation

or have been found on board any Imp, vend, or boat, with of condition* intent to land in any of his Majesty's dominions, or have broken D<P£rim-nr violated any of the conditions cuprtilld in their pardons respectively, together with the charter of pardon granted to such persons respectively, on the enrollment therool.

V. And whereas (hiring: the said rebellion, several persons who had trvcra' h.-.» c been in arms against his Majesty, or had otherwise aeled in the said hff.'f ff rebellion, being made prisoners hv his Majesty's forces, have by the

orders of the general officers commanding his Majesty's forces cm- >",il’ >r.’.r,ffl.iyedfor thelupprefuon of the fame, been brought to trial accord- Lnilhle-

Vm. XVIII. i’ll ing

The \birly-eiglnb Year of George III.

fjch persons shall be transportcil or banned as if tried by di

i*34

A.D.

ingto the laws of war, some of whom h ive, on circumstances of 17 98. alley iation or companion, been laved from the punishment due to Cl,aP-7 8-their crimes, and ordered to be traulported or banished from this it it nm-fl.ry kingdom: And whereas it is clfential to the public safety and t^E'ihc we^nrc to carr7 into effect such orders, and to provide against the returnof tucii return of such persons into this kingdom; be it therefore enacted,

‘' That the said several persons shall he transported or banished accordingly, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if they had received judgment to he transported by due course of law; and that if any person or persons who have been so transported, or banished, or ordered for transpoi ration, or hanishment from this kingdom, at any time lince the twenty-fourth day of May, ""ff pcJfHnl oncthousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for having taken up so baiiiiht’ti or arms against his Majesty, or having otherwise acted in the said re-f:,r rebellion, bellion, shall return to, or be at large in this kingdom, within the temm' time limited for his or her transportation, banishment, or exile, un-

bdore limitcJ ]cfs |,y a Hcenfc for that purpofo lirft had and obtained from his

lime, without n.

license, they Majesty, Ins lietrs or luccellors, every person lo returning, or be-

'Mg at large, shall he deemed a felon, and shall on conviction, be

'fe. transported for his life.

General of

VI. And be it enacted, That all general officers who have com-

lieers to give manded his Majesty's forces for suppressing the said rebellion, shall, in Inis, within J , , ‘ ‘ 0

2 months af. within two montlis irom the thy or passing this act, give in and aXPor!w?fi ^En a of the persons who have been so transported or baniflied, ordered to be 01. ordered to be transported or banished, by them, respectively,

tr.nifnnrtal or 1 v 1 '

li.miilicl, is letting forth the name and description of each person, and the 1:1^10clerk1" term for which they have been so transported or banished, respectnfn'bvv’ "f1,1 tivcl7> lince the said twenty-fourth day of May, one thousand feveu judge advo- hundred and ninety-eight, to the clerk of tile crown of his Ma-fijents0: pR" jesty’s court of King’s Bench, together with the attestation, on oath, of the person who may have acted in the character of judge advocate, or prelident of tite tribunal by whom the said persons fich lifn to be were tried and ordered to be so dealt with; and such lift shall be Ciiii becvi- filed in the oflice of the said cleik of the crown, at the city of Dub-uTif' ", |tion l*n And upon the trial of any person for returning into this king-crbii.i.b.nent. doin, or being at large within the same, without license, as aforesaid, such lift so liled as aforesaid, or a copy of the fame duly proved, shall be admitted as evidence of his or her having been so transjiorted or baniflied, as aforesaid. v-bcrtTiTaicji

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cnniliuncil a|j of Totices constituted treafen or felony by this act, shall and may

tifdit n or ^ J . j

l*a y by tbi, be cmpiired of, examined, tried, and determined in his Majesty's aci n.i\ Iv

nied. ’ court

Tbs thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1155

court of King’s Bench, by a jury of the county, or county of the A. I), city of Dublin, or any other court of competent jurisiliclion, in any county, or county of a city, or county of a town in this kingdom, in fuc'i manner and form as if the offence so conHiuit;:.! tre.i-foil or felony had been therein committed.

C II A r. LXXIX.

In riel to authorize ike {filing of Treasury Bills to the Amount therein mentioned, to the Company of the Grand Cana!-, to cany cn the Navigation to the Shannon, and to author i~e the {filing of Debentures to the Amount therein mentioned, to enable the Company of the Royal Canal to proceed in carrying on the said Canal.

TOWARDS enabling the company of undertakers of the preamble.

grand canal, to complete the said canal from Dublin to the river Shannon, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That treasury bills to the amount Tnafiiry of the sum of thirty thousand pounds, hearing an intcrell from March, 1 Sob, the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand i'even hundred and f"r,'o cco1-

J J \ at 6 percent,

ninety-eight, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, tVomifih

to he paid half yearly, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, p>yabiL halt*-’ shall be iflticd by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, in

like manner as treasury hills have been heretofore issued; and that grand canal such treasury hills shall he given to the company of undertakers of "'{,kning°to the grand canal, towards enabling them to complete the said canal si"n,x"' from the city of Dublin to the river Shannon; ami the said treasury bills shall be payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and six.

II. And be it enacted, That the said sum of thirty thousand Said 30,coal, pounds, and the intereli thereof, shall be a lien and charge on all »be a lien’ the tolls and profits of the said company of undertakers of the on grand canal; and that the said company shall on or before the comP-lny10

1 pay half*

days of payment of each half-yearly gale of intcrell, pay unto his yearly intend Majesty, his heirs and luccelfor?, at the receipt of his exchequer a'j^rincipai in this kingdom, a sum equal to the half-yearly interest of the before

laid k

‘fill

ir36

A.D. 1798.Chap. 79.

Company’s treafutcr not to make payments whereby lie may be disabled from paving iute- ell.

Utility of royal canal, and neceslity for supporting

it;

debentures for 25,000l. ;il; per cent Audi be iffticd Irom trinfury to royal canal company, for purj oses herein mentioned.

Double the fnm demanded shall be expended,before debentures are iAu-cd; to be proved before commissioners of imprell accounts.

No more than £ocoU to be ill'ucd before 25th March, 1799: 6 jco1. in next year, and 70C0l. in any fuble-ttent year.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

fuid Cum; and shall on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and six, pay unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the receipt of the said exchequer, the livid fuin of thirty thousand pounds.

III. And be it enacted, Tint the treasurer of the grand canal shall not pay any money whatsoever received by him on account of the said company, for any purpose other than to discharge the interest of such films as have been heretofore borrowed by the said company, whereby he may he disabled from paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the times herein before pre-fetibed for that purpose, the interest of the said sum of thirty thousand pounds.

IV. And whereas the carrying on of the royal canal from Dublin, towards Tarmonbury, will be of great advantage to the agriculture and trade of this kingdom; and the necefiities of the times render it expedient to support and assist the company of the said canal, in carrying on a work of such magnitude and benefit to the kingdom: be it enacted, That debentures to the amount of twenty-five thousand pounds, and no more, bearing an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which shall be paid half-yearly at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, until the principal money mentioned therein shall be discharged, shall be ifltied by the proper officeis of his Majesty's treasury, to the company of the royal canal, towards enabling them to proceed in completing the said canal from Kilcock to Coolnelmy, fix miles beyond the town of Mullingar, in the county of Weltmeath, and from the river Anna Liffey to Glaflnevin road; and in erecting an aqueduct leading to the intended harbour near the house of industry, and in building the walls of the said harbour; pursuant to their petitions to the house of commons, presented in the last and former sessions, and in this session, under the provisoes and conditions herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, That no such debenture shall he issued to the said company, unless they shall have actually expended on the said works, of money to he raised or subscribed by them, a film amounting to double the sum for which such debentures shall be demanded, and that proof of such expenditure shall be made before the commissioners of imprest accounts.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall entitle the said company of the royal canal, to demand or require at his Majesty's treasury, before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, debentures to any greater amount than the linn of live thciuil-.nd pounds; nor in the

1 year

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one ihoufiiml tight hundred, debentures to any greater amount than fix tiioufam! pounds, nor in any subsequent year to any greater amount than seven thousand pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That the And royal canal company {lull, as soon as convenient alter passing this act, and before they shall be entitled to receive any of the said debentures for the said Aim of twenty-five thousand pounds, enter into a recognizance before the lord chief baron, or one of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in the penal sum of fifty thousand pounds, conditioned, that they the said company of undertakers shall complete and finish the said navigation to ThomaAotvn in the county of Westmeath, thirty-three miles from the river Liflcy, without requiring any further public aid for I'o doing.

VIII. And whereas his Majesty's royal charter granted lo the said corporation, directs that no subscriber to the said undertaking, shall be allowed to subscribe more than the Aim of five thousand pounds to the Aock of the said company: and whereas it hath been found necessary to extend the fa'ul powers to the subscribers, to enable them to proceed in the said undertaking; therefore be it enacted, That if by the subscription and payment of any further Aim of money for the purpose aforesaid, by any proprietor ef Aock in the said company of the royal canal, fitch proprietor shall become entitled to a greater quantity of Aock than five thousand pounds, every such proprietor shall and may hold and enjoy so much Aock exceeding five thousand pounds, as shall be equal to such Ann or Anns as he or file shall subscribe and pay towards the further prosecution of the works of the said canal, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it cnaQed, That from the time the net profits ari-iing to the said company of the royal canal, from the said canal, Hull enable them to make a dividend thereout, to the proprietors of the capital Aock of the said company, at the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on their capital Aock, the said lum of

Uova! Ci-uni c< mp.uiv to color into a iccogm-since lor 5O.COO!. CO:h

ditiomd .1. iicr'.ih

<loci no: J-iu.i’ on fuKrio-more

pr'f'rie'ors o! ilock ire hereby fvf» mined to hoM ami on-joy more tha* jco:l, /Lik.

Saitl 25 oocl.

fl.all ho .1 Jim on foyai canal, from the time 1 ol. per cent, per arm. profit, shall be di-

twenty-live thousand pounds, Audi be a lien and charge on all ' the net tolls and profits of the said company of the royal canal, which shall from time to time remain, after reserving sufficient to make a dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annumt on the said capital Aock.

X And be it enacted, That from the time the said net proAts RcCJucof arising to the said company of the royal canal, shall enable them cent, to make such die idend, as aforesaid, the said company shall, from J^1^' time to time, as often as a dividend afar the rate of ten pounds f»fy. "mil

_ said jKjCCof,

Vol. XVIII. <3 I /-«!, Paider.

1138 ' The thirty-eighth Year of George III. A.D. 1798. Chap. 79.

Treasurer not to pay fc"y m <11-7 out of rid profits, as herein de-fciibvtl, whereby to he disablctl from paying I'.ud 25,000l.

A publick zi\.

Time for complecting gran) can.il to Shannon, extended ’0: il Novem-l.T.

per centum per annum, shall be made, until the said sum of twenty-five thousand pounds, or such part thereof, for which such debentures as aforesaid, shall be Killed, shall be paid and discharged, pay unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, all the net profits of the (hid canal, after reserving fuflicisnt thereout to make such dividend as aforesaid.

XI. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of the said company of the royal canal, shall not pay any money whatever, out of the net profits of the said company, accrued within the period for which any dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum on the capital stock, shall be made and remaining, alter reserving sufficient to make such dividend, whereby he may he disabled from paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer all the remainder of such net profits, until the said sum of twenty-five thousand pounds shall be fully paid.

XII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed a puli-iick ad, and shall be taken notice of as such, without specially pleading the same.

XIII. And whereas the company of undertakers of the grand canal are bound by recognizance to complete their canal to the river Shannon, by the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and it is reasonable from the circumstances of the times, to enlarge the time for executing the said canal: be it enacted, That the time for completing the said canal under the said recognizance, be, and the fame is hereby enlarged to the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and three.

CHAP. LXXX.

An Act to compel certain Persons who have been engaged in the late Rebellion which hath broken out in this Kingdom, to fttrrender themselves, and abide their Trials rej'pePively, within a limited Time, on Pain of being attainted of High Treason.

WHEREAS the following persons have been notoriously engaged in the said rebellion, either by taking up arms and levying war against his Majesty, or by having corresponded with, and adhered to his enemies, or by otherwise fomenting and promoting the fame or acting therein, and being conscious of their

2 guilt

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. i ]

guilt have fled fromjustice: that is to say, James Napper Tandy, A. I)

late of Dublin, merchant; Edward John Lcwins, of Beresford- 1798.

street, Dublin, attorney at law; John Jachlbn, late of Church- Chap. 80.

street, Dublin; Theobald Wolfe Tone, formerly of Dublin, Bar-

1 r ' , 7 rcrlons

rider at law; Duckett, formerly of Jv, Harney, in the hereinnamt-J

county of Kerry, but now, or late refulent at Hamburgh, and in":h(T attached to the mission of the French republic there; the reverend ic-ciiion; Arthur M'Mahon, of Hollywood, in the county of Down; Alexander Lowry, of Linen Hill, in the county of Down, linen draper;

Barclay Teeling, of Union Lodge, in the county of Louth; Ed--ward 0‘Finn, of the city of Cork, woollen draper; Joseph Orr, of the city of Londonderry, brazier; William Lawlcfs of the city of Dublin, surgeon; John Cormick, of Thomas-street, Dublin, feather merchant; Richard M'Cormick, of Francis-street, Dublin

Miles Duignan, of Grafton-street, ‘in the city of Dublin, grocer;

James Jackson of Newtownards, in the county of Down, Apothecary; Thomas Dixon, of Wexford, ship captain; Andrew Bryfon, of Newtownards, county Down; reverend James Towni'-end, of Grey-Abbey, county Down; reverend Mr.

Adair, late refiJcnt at C.itticks, near Cumber, county Down; reverend James Hull, formerly of Ballyvarnon, near Bangor;

William Campbell, alias M'Kccver?, of Uppetland, in the county of Londonderry; Thomas Gunning Bathford, junior, of Belfast, merchant; Robert Orr, of Belfast, chandler; Thomas Houston, of Belfast, surgeon; Mathew Kenna, of Burtown, in the barony of Kilkca and Moonc, and county of Kildare, farmer; Michael Reynolds, late of Tipper, near Naas, in the county of Kildare, gentleman; Valentine Derry, late a prii'oner in the gaol of Dundalk;

Deane Swift, late of the city of Dublin, esquire; James Plunket, esquire, late a major in his Majesty's service; and the reverend Mathew Miles, late probationer of Moncymore, in the county of Derry; John M'Guiie, of Ballydonoughtior, or Kilmullin, in the county of Wicklow; John Scully of Newcastle, in the county of Wicklow, blacksmith; Myles Short of Tomorc, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; Owen Short, of Keelcgue, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; James Neale, of Newcastle, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; Michael Fitzpatrick, of Kilguade, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; Bryan Keogh, of Drummin, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; William Cullen, of the Slat, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; Patrick Cooke, of Harmanftown, in the county of Dublin; James Kelly, of Haggarftown, in the county of Louth; Joseph or Jolliua Mouritz, of Dundalk, in the county of Louth; John Nervin, of Kilmoyle, in the county of Antrim;

13 I 2 Harvey

-i 140 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

Harvey Morris, of Knockalton, in the county of Tipperary

179^- Cornelius Egan, of Carneybcg, in the county of Tipperary; William Burke, of Nenagh, in 'the county of Tipperary; James Burke, of Ballyartum, in the county of Tipperary; John O'Brien, of Dougharrotv, in the county of Tipperary j Michael Delany, of Ballyartum, in the county of Tipperary; Samuel Turner, late of Newry, cfqOire; Joseph Holt, late fub-con (table of Roundtvood, -in the county of Wicklow; and Anthony M'Cann, of Ccrdery, in the county of Louth: Be it therefore enacted, That the said James Napper Tandy, Edward John Lewins, John Jackson, Theobald Wolfe Tone, Duckett, Arthur M'Mahon,

-Alexander Lowry, Barclay Tecling, Edward O'Finn, Joseph Orr, William Lawless, John Cormick, Richard M'Cormick, Miles Duignan, James Jackson, Thomas Dixon, Andrew Bryfon, James Townsend, Adair, James Hull, William Campbell,

alias M'Keevers, Thomas Gunning Bafhford, junior, Robert Orr, Thomas IToufton, Mathew Kenna, Michael Reynolds, Valentine Derry, Deane Swift, James Plunket, Mathew Miles, John M'Guire, John Scully, Myles Short, Owen Short, James Neale, Michael Fitzpatrick, Bryan Keogh, William Cullen, Patrick Cooke, James Kelly, Joseph or Joshua Mouritz, John Ncrvin, Harvey Morris, Cornelius Egan, William Burke, James Burke, John O'Brien,

fJdpcrfcns Michael Ddanv, Samuel Turner, Joseph Holt, and Anthony

toll it.irnl at- 1 J

Minted, un- M'Cann, and each of every of them, /Hall lbind attainted of high rentoto^" treason, and shall be liable to all the pains and penalties by law an-juitfcM of nexed to the crime of high treason, unless they, and each of them, this king- shall severally and respectively surrender themselves to some one of before0" or the judges of his Majesty's court of king’s-bench, or to some justice Dec. 179s. t|jC peace within this kingdom, on or before the first day of De-

comber, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, anti shall respectively abide luah charges as shall be made against them respectively, for, and -on account of the several treasons aforesaid, with which they have been charged, jutiiccs to

II. And be it enacted, That every justice of peaceshall accept persons »th ^le surrender of fitch persons respectively, and shall forthwith next county commit the said person or persons, so surrendering, to the next give notice county gaol, and canfe notice to be given tbcreof’to his Majesty's «nwaUC>' attorney general for the time being.

CHAP.

'J. be tin ty-:igbtb Year of G-'or_je III.

i 14t

CHAP. LXXXI.

A.D.

I;93.

A’l ;1c1 for aulhonfhig the Payment of the Sums therein mentioned., granted fr defraying the F.xpence of Fe-psiuting the 'Journals of the House of Commons, and nuhn* Indexes thereto.

BE. it enatted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice end content of the lords fp" ritual and temporal,

and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it lh:d! and may lit. lawful for the commissioners oi his Majesty's treasury, lor the time being, or any three or more of them, or the loid high trjifurer for the time be- icy1'- »"y ing, to issue and pay out of the fund, called the Consolidated fund, to the right honourable John boiler, Ipe.iker of the house of commons, the sum of one thous.md pounds, to be applied towards paying the expence of forming a general index to die journals of the house of commons; am! also a further sum of nine thousand andy/. ill's hundred and sixty-one pounds fourteen shillings, for defraying 'Vji.'.Viour-the expence of re-printing the faitl journals; and for printing in- ">.Va"- dexes to each volume, and a general index to the whole.

CHAP. 7.XXXII.

An Act for amending an Act pjjid in the Thirty-fxth Year of the Reign of His Majesj, Entitled, An Act more effectually toftpprefs Infureredlions, and prevent the Dislttrb-ance of the public Peace.

WHEREAS the provisions made for the regidering of arms

in an act passed In the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his regiiler- Majesty, entitled, An udi more effectually to ftpprefs infurreahns, mui prevent the diflurbanct of the public peace, and the several acts a" intufia-for continuing and amending the same, have been found hfijfcitnl: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person who shall have arms in his or her possession at the time of the passing of this act, or at any Vol. XVIII, 13 K time

afc'dati: to be . read in co irt; if jtifiiccs th nk f'jch )>crVn til t> keep arms, they Hull hl’;n a 1 Ccufe, f|>?ctly;d2 as licicin

ron/iailonr, iSrc. to he Jc-livetul to clerks of peace, who shall regiiler the m

Justices at fv'/ii.'iM mar gtam liccufes f^r keeping arms to persons who jjiakca|-p'lea-

tion tii J ain-daviias be-, fore;

no fee to . clerk of peace lor re-giftcril’g .]>-plication, &c.

The thirty-eighth Year of George. HI.

time before the sessions of the peace which shall be held in Otidier next, for the county, town, or city, wherein he or she shall rcfiile, shall, at fitch sessions, deliver, or cause to be delivered, in open court, to the j it dices then present, a notification signed by him or her, specifying therein the place, parish, barony, or town-land, in which he or Hie resides; or, if in a county of a town or city, the paii.h, town-land or (licet in which he or the keeps arms, and the number and description of such. anus, accompanied by an.affidavit sworn before some justice of the peace for'such county, town or city, by the persons ligning fitch notification, that the notification is true, and that he or she believes that by law he or she is entitled to keep arms, whirl, notification and affidavit 'shall he reatl aloud ill open court; and if the judices then present, or the.majoiity of them, shall consider the person delivering such notification by law entitled to keep ai ns, and to lie a fit and proper person to keep arms, and specifying therein, if they shall think fit, the number and description of armsrtv'iich such. license is to authorize him or her to keep, they shall thereupon lign and deliver to such person a license, authorizing such persons to keep arms; and shall deliver such notification, OvcilViag at the foot or hack thereof the number and description of arms, if the same shall be specificJ in the license, to ti e cdlirg clerk of the peace, who is hereby required to register the fame in numiier.znd form as by the said receited act he is directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the jtif-tiecs of the peace, upon an application in writing, signed by any person, for a license to keep arms, specifying in like manner his or her residence, accompanied by a:i affidavit, sworn by the person 'ligning the application, that he or She believes he or file by law is entitled to keep arms, to sign and deliver at any sessions of the peace, held for the county, town, or city, in which such person resides, a license, authorizing such person to keep arms, specifying therein, if they shall think fit, the number and description of arms which such license is to authorize him or her to keep; which application, with the number and description of arms endorsed thereon, if the same shall be specified in the.license, ilia'll be delivered by them-to the acting clerk of the peace, who is required to register the fame in like manner as a n itification, for which no fee or reward whatsoever shall be received by the clerk of the peace.

III. And be it enactetl, That any person or persons who shall at any time after the sessions of the peace in.October next, held fer

the

The thirtj-cighih Year a/" George III. 1143

the county, town, or city, where he or she shall relidc, have in hi? A, V). or her custody, any arms that have not been registered as aforef.tiil; ...'/fl.

and shall be thereof con vi l ed in maimer and form recited act

by (lie laid

Chap iia

1 on whom ft:eh notice

hours alter firvice wi»H.«, at his or iter dwelling- jXir

i 10

is Ipccified, shall incur the penalties therein enabled a gain Ih any person having arms, and not nuking Inch regiilty as is j-n,t> a;,ri therein required.

IV. And be it enacted, That it find! and May he lawful for the hj'e indices of the peace, at any fdttons, to withdraw any license saima, ituii theretofore given, and to cause the name of such person as they in

their discretion shall at such fe/Iions deem an improper person to he entruded with arms, to he erased out of the regiflry of arms, and i-lifommay cause a notice to be served on such pci Ion, or to be polled cenj^'caure on the dwelling-house, specified in the said regiflry to be the residence of such person, signed by any one of the jtdli-es of rev.-arisen such session, and by the cletk of the peace, that An. h license ;s withdrawn.

V. And be it cnafluJ, That if any perf; shall be served, shall not within forty-eight of fitch notice upon him or her, or

house, as aforesaid, deliver to the next rest.lent, or feme neighbouring magistrate, at his place of abode, all such arms as were so re-giltered, fueii person shall he deemed to have in his or her ettflody

arms that have not been registered, and shall he subject and li-arJ Puriil11-

meat.

able to the forfeiture and pundhment enacted against such offence.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall nffeft any person serving in his Majesty's regular or militia this a.i. forces, or in any yeomanry corps, or any privy counfelior, or member of parliament, or peace officer, in respect to any arms that they may have in their custody.

VII. And be it tnacled, That this a cl shall continue in force until i, force to the first day of January, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and to the end of the then next lession of parlia- nM< a®0"-ment, and no longer.

VIII. And whereas it is necessary to provide more effectually B|nc|tsmithl against the making of pikes, and such like offensive weapons; he to enter their it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or forgcSj ami persons whatsoever, after the twenty-sixth day of October next, fe,laa,nf'jy"'s. after the passing of this a ft, shall exercise the trade of a blacksmith,

who shall not have previously registered his name and the place where his forge is situated, at some feflxons of the peace for the district in which such fotge is used, and shall also have obtained a .13 K 2 license

1144 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

license from the jtiftices at laid sessions, authorizing him to use and 179®* follow the trade ol a hlacksmith, which said registry and license is Chap 82. to [jy ma(|C) kept and granted, in manner and form as the r:giili7 ami registry of arms, and license for using arms herein before nien-

license t b: tionc(],

ntitle, kt pt

and granted,

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful luflicciat for the jtiftices of the peace, or the majority of them, at any fefli-widtdraw lT 0,13 ^1C PMCC>10 withdraw such license from any hlacklmith, if it

bl"*kflr,"m h'tisfaflorily proved to them that such hlacksmith hath

if they mab made, or knowingly (11 Acred to be made, in his forge, any pike,

it'ouh^i'cr'" or P’kc-head, alter he shall have so obtained a license, and

obtaining li- regifteved his forge, as aforesaid; and if any hlacksmith Hull

preliime to nfe any forge without Inch registry thereof, and license as aforesaid, lie shall for Inch offence and offences incur ], f and be liable to the penalties herein before mentioned that periling forges Ions using, or having in their custody unregistered arms, are by not "registered th;s fu|,jea to.

Manner of X. And be it further enacted, That all the penalties In this act ingl'al’tHif- specified, shall he raised and levied by sale of the goods of the ptr-roibigof jut- son offending, by warrant, under the hand and seal of the justices, or the majority of them, at any sessions of the peace, assembled, or by warrant, under the hand and leal of any justice of the peace, in and for the county in which such offence shall be committed; and the penalties so to he levied, shall be by such justices or justice handed over to the treasurer of the county in which such sums are levied, to be applied to such purposes as the grand jury at any ensuing affixes shall think proper to present.

2

CHAP.

7be thirty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXXIIL

1145

A.D.

179s-

An Act to explain and reduce into one Act, the fever at Laws for making, improving, and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilculleu-B'ridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone West-ward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Act for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kilmrth Mountain to the City of Cork. 1

WHEREAS an act of parliament, passed in the twen-ty-l'cventh year of his present Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act for improving and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one-mile Jlone wefward of the said bridge; and another act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the said reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An aflfor improving and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen-bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one mile fone wcjlward of the said bridge; and it is expedient to repeal the said acts: Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited acts, and every clause therein, be, and the same are, save only so far as relates to the repealing of the several acts repealed by the said recited acts) hereby declared to be

repealed.

II. And whereas, though great improvements have been made in the said road, by widening the fame, under the said recited acts, yet it is now in a bad state, and the tolls arc inadequate to putting it into repair, and preserving it therein, and to making other improvements that would tend greatly to the convenience of the public, without the advance of a large sum of money: And whereas John Anderson, of the city of Cork, esquire, George Taylor, of the city of Dublin, esquire, late caplain in his Majesty's late regiment of foot, called the duke of Cumberland’s regiment, and Alexander Taylor, captain in the royal engineers, arc ready to Yea, XVIII. 13 L advance

Recital, cjtli Geo. III.

Rccit'1,23tlt (ico. 111.

Said acts are hereby repealed (five as to sdts thereby repealed.}

Although improvement) have been made, the road is bad and tub's arc inadctpmc;

J dm Ander-lyn, Kffj; cap-tr.in fieorge 'iV.yl.tr, and capt Alexander T.sy!or,

x 14*5 1'hv thi; iy eight]) 7‘ear cf George III.

A.D.

advance their own proper money for the said purposes, and to un-I 79S. dertake the repair and i nprovc:nent of the said road, provided the Chip. 83. tolls thereof, as herein after set forth and granted, he rdf:;! in them "'1 for a certain term; and they have entered into an agreement fr."-

jitc jvndy to J o

o.i.ieiuni: re- that pnrpose, and hound themselves in the penalty of twenty ihou- hme«- sand pounds for the performance thereof: Be it therefore enacted, tL-ft-J mo a» |)y t]le authority afortl'aid, That from and after the nailing of this

agreement, - - I fa

ah. aft, for and during the term of fifty years, fully to be compleated

b^vcikj'm " and ended, and no longer, the whole right to the tolls herein af-said persons ter appointed and granted, to he raised and collected on the said

for $0 years, 1 1 u

juhjcd to con. road, shall be, ami the same are hereby vested in the said John An-a!icrnnwniu" dqrfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors »r.eiti and administrators of each and every of them the said John An-derson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, for the purpose of repairing, improving, and keeping in repair the said road, fit'ijcft nevertheless to the several debts, charges, and conditions herein after, mentioned: provided nevertheless that-it shall he lawful for the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, at any . time they shall think fit, upon giving twelve months previous no-tyonitainns os tice thereof to the secretary. of the lord lieutenant, or other chief uhitti said governor or governors of this kingdomfor the time being, and to Curremlcr liid the.secretariesof the grand-juries of the counties of Dublin an() toll!. Kildare, to surrender their rights and title to the said tolls, and to

be exonerated from the said agreement and penalty, and from all , obligation arising from this act, provided they shall have compleat-. ed and finished all the walls, widenings, and improvements herein; required to be made; and provided they shall have paid off and discharged the whole of the debt, now hearing an interest -of fix per cent, per annum, and all interest cr rents, and all debts of every . kind and description, to which the said tolls are now, or If,all be hereafter Iiabl.c, lave and except the principal sum of nine thou -(and pounds, hearing an interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum; and shall also deliver up the said road, and every part there-. of, and all the improvements made thereon, in good andfuflicient order and repair.

-Commifiou- JII. And bc.it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the pen's laid'ros'ji ions.'licrcin named he, and they are hereby ennilituted commifli-. oners for the said roads, videlicet: John, carl of Clare; Charles, marquis of Drogheda; John,.earl of Mayo; Jolhtu, viliount Al-. Jen; Henry, visconnt Harberton; Edmond Henry, Baron Glent-- worth; James, baron Ty rawly; Arthur, lord Kihvarden; right honourable Sir John Parnell; right honourable William lirabazon Ton.fonby; ]ohn LaTcuche, senior, esquire; colonel John AVolfc;

Richard

7 he thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1147

Richard Neville, ciquiru; Thomas Heigh, of OMto.vn, esquire; A. IX Robert l.a Touche, cfq-.tire; Th_o’>.iUi '.Volic, cfijuirc; John Kin- 179^-lay, esquire; Edward Hendrick, esquire; Roberc Graydon, cl- Chap. 8 3. quire; John hVolfe, junior, of Forcnaghts, esquire; Mijor James Carlisle Christophilus Ciinch, elqulre; John Montgomery, esquire; reverend doflor Marmaduke Cramer; and Robert Gray Jon, of Green-hills, cft|uire.

IV. And be it further eua Red, That every commiiTtoner of the Commidion. said road shall polices, and be competent to excrcifs tire o!li.'c and Jot!iccVon"1 duties of a justice of the peace upon cverv part of the said road, lo |ji" 10

14 " . r l*’r a* relates

far as relates to the <!ue observauce of tins act, and the cniorung u> this&tt. the several parts thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any of the commitli- A|>!«int-oners herein before named shall die or resign, it shall be lawful for "’.j"; ,f "Z' the remaining commissioners, or for any live or more of them, i"'? 0< f"cil

o > j as ojc or rc*

on the lirft Tuesday in any month, to eied a person to be commis- ns".

fioner thereof in his place, and ft) as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

VI. And whereas the trustccs appointed to carry into execution Farrarr inutile former acts respecting the said road, which have been repealed <jooooi. on dc-in the said receited act^, did borrow several films of money, amount-

ing together to the sum of nine thousand pounds, for the purposes directed by the said acts, for which debentures have been issued, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum

And whereas the directors appointed in pursuance of the said recit- j; aor, ed acts of the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth of his present Ma- ‘k'^71" a'd jesty, have borrowed, for the purposes of the said acts, two fur- borrowed

titer films of three thousand pounds and two thousand pounds, making the sum of five thousand pounds, and bearing an filtered ;vl‘ich ;col. at the rate of six pounds per cent per annum, of winch last mentioned films five hundred pounds sterling have been paid off and discharged, pursuant to the said recited act of the twenty-eighth of the king, leaving a balance of the said five thousand pounds tmfatisfieJ-, amounting to four thousand five hundred pounds; be it enacted, ryo-.o'. mil That the said sum of nine thousand pounds, and the said balance of J j"'1’be four thousand five hundred pounds, shall be and remain a lien on, 'mi*. and the interest thereof, at the rates aforesaid, be charged and chargeable on the whole of the tolls to be reserved by this or any

future aft relative to the said road.

VII. And be it enacted, T*--: from and after the passing of this Hy.vthr aft, the sum of two hundred pounds, arising out of the ‘-id I'l^oi (k,)i tolls, shall be applied every year by the find John Anderson, "i’1'1'1' George Taylor, and - Alexander Taylor, and the executors jj L: and

IT48 The ibirtj-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

and administrators of each and every of them, towards pay-l79^- ing off the principal money of the said balances remaining undif-C^M3- charged, amounting to four thousand five hundred pounds, together with all savings made of the interest payable upon the principal sums, and to be paid off until the said principal debt of four thousand five hundred pounds shall be entirely paid.

VIII. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That once

Debentures ' J ,r

10 be drawn in every year there shall be a drawing by lot of the debentures if-paijott'oiit of ^uct* for the sums remaining unpaid of the two loans, composing sinking fund, the balance thereof remaining undischarged, and amounting to . four thousand five hundred pounds, of so many in number as amount to the films in hand from time to time of the sinking fund hereby intended to be created; and that the debentures first drawn

shall be first paid, out of the money so in hand arising from the said sinking fund, Which said.drawing shall be made in the prefcncc

of three at least of the commissioners appointed under this act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no drawing shall be made under this act until all the numbers drawn under tliepro-visions of the said receited act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty shall have been first paid off and discharged, being innumberthirty-six, twenty-six whereof are uow unpaid.

X. And be it enacted, That the said twenty-six numbers shall be paid off. by the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, in order, and at the times following, that is to say, numbers fc-ven and seventeen of the loan of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and numbers one and forty of the loan: of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,- to be paid off on 'December the twenty-fifth, one thousand seven hundred andnine-

ty-eight; numbers nineteen, twenty-two, and thirty-four, of the ’ loan of 'One thousand seven hundred and ciglily-seven, and iium-

her thirty-six of the loan of one thousand fevcil hundred and eighty-eight, to be paid off on the twenty-fifth of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; numbers twenty-eight,

thirty-two, and fifty-three, of the loan of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and number two of the loan of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to be paid oft" on the: twenty- fifth of December, one thousand eight hundred; numbers -twenty-one and thirty of the loin of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and numbers three,-twenty-three, and twenty-seven, of the loan of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-. seven, to he.paid oft" on December the twenty-fifth, one thousand eight hundred and one; numbers fifteen, liiirty-nine, forty-five,

Numbers . drawn under provisions of 28th G.’o. 111. shall be paid oft'before any drawing shall be made under this act, Times at which 26 numbers shall. . be paid.off j

and fifty-seven, of the loan of oas

4

thousand seven hundred and eighty-

7 he thirty-eighth Year of George III. 114.9

eighty-seven, and number twenty-five of the loan of one thousand A.D. seven hundred and eighty-eight, to be paid off on December the 79^ twenty-fifth, one thousand eight hundred and two; number? fix, Chap 83. thirty-three, forty-one, and fifty-six, of the loan of one thousand imc.-ii , l, seven hundred and eighty-seven, to be paid off on the twenty-filth .,

of December, one thousand eight hundred and three, together with >"' -

arc Jnc.ur?.

all interest now due, or which Hull become due, on each and every c.l. of them respectively, until the day on which tilery Hull he paid off and tlifdiarged.

XL. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the I’nncipal «J said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and raY»i.'n the executors or administrators of each and every of them, shall, 4"

when, and as often as the principal sums so to be paid mail he- td'-eaup ami come due and payable, then immediately discharge the lame, with all interest due thereon, on demand made; and that the holder of Inch debenture shall, upon payment thereof as aforesaid, deliver up his or their several and respective debentures to the said John An-derson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and adminifixators of each and every of them, to be cancelled, which they are hereby required to cancel accordingly.

XII. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all bar- u,.hf

gains for land made by the said directors under the said recited acts, 11 ‘b"*'

0 1 Sirs arc here-

for the widening or improving of the said road, be, and the fame H are hereby confirmed, and all rents reserved thereon, which shall hereafter become due and payable for the fame, shall remain a charge on the said tolls.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all in- in iTtJl ami terest which is now due on the said sum of thirteen thousand five hundred pounds, and all rents now due to the several owners of off before

»tn* . ill Nov.

land by the said directors, shall be paid off by the said John An- 1798;

derson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors

or administrators of each and every of them, on or before the first day of November next, and that the interest which shall hereafter foiifiqwniin-

accruc on the said sums, and all rents which shall hereafter become [,i,c

due, shall be paid at the same place or places in the city of Dublin,

to be named from time to time by the said John Anderson, George l»rc i=ib

T.-.ylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and administra-

"lolit N»v.

tors cfeach and every of them, with the approbation of the commis- 'f fa" sioners herein appointed, or any three of them, on or before the tenth day of May and tenth day of November next, after the fame fh dl fall due in every year.

XIV. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all A1 other other debts now due, or which shall become due by the directors ro.11!, t'y- be-

Vo;.. XViH. 13 M of

1150 I‘he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D. of the said road, for or on account of the fame, before the passing 1 798. this act, and which shall remain unpaid, shall be paid by the Chop. 83. said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or administrators of each and every of them, on or f.i.iii tv p.iid before the lirftday of April, in the year one thousand seven htm-dred and.ninety-nine; provided always,that the several sums fodue shall he claimed by the parties before the first day of January ar.ti certified next, and shall he certified by'fonte one of the said directors to he ntUf’ jufUy due, and if not so claimed, or if the said debts shall not be they*n t'lVt cen‘^,el' 'as' aforesaid, on or before the said first day of January, the he recovered, said directors, and the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or administrators of each and evc-

iyof them, fh.iii be entirely discharged from the payment of the same.

if reinsure

XV. And be it enacted,- That in case the said principal sums to-tinL-sdiiea- gether hereby required to he paid on the days herein before-mcn-ceilirriinv'll>" t’onei*> or ^1C ^ums made payable out of the sinking fund afcrdaitl, upon petition, or the interest which is, or shall bccomc-due thereon, or any other for p.ivnifnt interest made payable by virtue of this act,-or any of the rents of creduors. (bast not be paid on demand auti'.e times and in die manner

i .'herein directed,- the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal,-may,-upon a petition-ami -hearing the parties in a summary way, make such order for applying the tolls for the payment of the creditors, as to justice shall pertain.

Two divjC- ’ XVI.- And be it enacted, That the said road thall consist of two 011s of road; (]ivjfion9j‘ t]le one from t])e Circular Road near to the cityofDub-iin, to the-gate now erected at the town of Kill,- in the county of Kildare, and the-oth-er-from thence to the fair green at'Old'Kilcul-len, in the: said county; and that-it shall be lawful for the said "John Anderson,-- George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor,.-and the executors-or administrators of eaehand-every of thenipwith the -pay gsics, -approbation- of the commissioners, or any three of them, -under eteftTi^\litn their hands and fenisj to establish orereft one or more pay gates

approbation upon and ncross any part or parts of t-he said road; and they shall of comm fli- , ,1,0'

onitsi have power to build, hire, or rent- a toll-home convenient to eve-

-ry such.gnte, and to demand and take in each of the said two divi-

"jaidr rfions;-by fitch-person or persons as they shall authorise thereto, the

following tolls at every such gate before-any bead or carriage here-

t in after.respectively mentioned, shall be permitted to-pals, through

is. if for the fame, that is to say: for every horl'e-or other bead drawing

drawing* any stage coach, stage-landau, Rage chariot,-or chaise carrying paf-

ttagtorlurfiT fengers payfogfor their, paftnge respectively, the film of one tiiil-

1

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

11 < I

D.

179 8.

ling and one penny; for every horse or other hd 1 drawing any A. other coach, landau, chariot, chail'e, or any phioton, cabriolet, jaunting car, or chair, the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every ^11^3' horse or other bead:, drawing any dray, cart, car, limber, or other 6M iv.-liu.-.L-carriage, not before charged, if the flreaks he let on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or lerews, an.! be four inches in breadth CJr' across the foie or bottom, one penny halfpenny; if the It reeks are jj'cl'lvii'e,'!,l' let on in like manner, and arc less than four, but more thm three d i , can. inches broad, for every horse or oilier bead drawing the fame, the film of twopence; if let on in like manner, and under the breadth i jl. of three inches, until January the iirfl, one thousand seven bun- *1-* dred and ninety-nine, the sum of throe pence; and from and af- iicicln, ter the said lir/l of January one thousand seven hundred and a1 fn

' , 1 . . rij .11 lit r.111,

ninety-nine, and until July the (irft, one thousand seven hundred mUlni Jan.

and ninety-nine, the sum of six pence; and from and after the said Iirfl: of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, ntju-r.

v - ’ t 0.. i.v.m i.t

until January the first, one thousand eight hundred, the sum of July unit nine pence; and from and after the said day, for the remainder of iij ' fifty years, the sum of one Hulling and one penny; and if the r0" ?lt-r’ streaksofany of the said drays, carts, cars, timber, or other carriages, mJ ' he let on with high-headed nails, bolts, or fere tvs, whatever may r. rt be the breadth of the wheels, to pay the lame tolls as if they were J'j1!i,'v* under three inches; for every'horle, mare, or gelding, loaden or not frr»i.

loaden, the sum of twopence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or , ' '*'

neat cattle, the sum of two shillings and six pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or Icfler number; for every drove awe f. r of calves, sheep, goats, lambs, or pigs, the film of one shilling and three jience by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or ^rsfLep, Icfler number. &c

XVII. Be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, Tltat the i>r0.

provisions of an act of the thirty-fifth.year of his present Majesty, entitled, sin act for the prcjervatioit of the public roads in this king- Ii.« u a;'|ily dom, am! for the encouragement of broad wheeled carriages, shall I'uili!

not apply to this road; and that the toils authorized by this act, 1tjt|jl.*j,1|[r| only, shall be levied at the turnpike gates on this road, any ciatiih, ih.iiis.uviu. matter, or thing, in any act of parliament exilting to the contrary r.otwirhllanding.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, Tint no perfott t-. or persons shall be charged with any of the tolls aforesaid, who ‘r?' ‘

shall pass through any of the pay gates to' he ell.thliflie.l and creat- 'i.uig J. cd by this act, for any fccafi or carriage that shall carry any rjinin-

tiiies of tloncs, gravel, or other materials, icr repairing atiy of the 13 M 2 ro.ds

11 52

A.D. 179S Chap. S3.

Army or detachment* go-jnj» on liuty, not to pay tolls;

horses draw, ing ordnanci (lores, and ca valry horses

or accoutred, quarter i«af. gen. and com. gen. (lores, and cflicers and Colours, as individuals] shall pay.

-Gates may f»i* -rrrted joofs lane?, /<c.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. roadt in the parishes in whidi the fame doth lie; nor Oiall any person or persons be chargeable with tile laid tolls or duties for any ‘carts, cars, waggons, or other carriages, loaded with corn in draw only, nor for any ploughs, harrows, or other implements of husban-dry, within the several pari dies in which the gate ereited on the faitl road through which Inch carriages, ploughs, or implements of husbandry shall pass may he situated; nor shall any toll he demanded or taken at any of the pay gates to be establillied and created by this act, for any horse, mare, gelding, als, mule, or other head going to water only, or to a smith’s forge to be (hod; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horses or other cattle of any curate going on parochial duty, or for horses or other beads, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants, font by pafles, or with prisoners transmitted fimn one part of the kingdom to another, or for any horse or carriage employed in the drawing materials for public works carried on by county presentments, or parish ccfs, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Be it further cnaikd, by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's army on a march, or any detachment or corps of cavalry or infantry, with their ordinary baggage and artillery, having a route, or carrying orders or expresses, dull not he liable to pay any of the tolls aforesaid; hut that all carriages, horses, or other beads, employed in transporting any ordnance stores, and cavalry horses going to join, or not mounted nor accoutred; all quarter mader general and commilfary general’s dorcs and provisions, with or without a guard; and all officers and soldiers travelling as individuals, and passing through any of the gates on the said road, shall be liable to and shall pay the tolls as aforesaid rel'pec-

' lively.

XX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall he lawful for the said J-.-hn Andcrlon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or a iminidrators of cacti and every of them, with the c-mfent of the commissi-oncra herein named, or any three of them, to erect a pay gate, or pay gates, acro.s any lane or way leading out of the said road, am! to build, hire, or rent, a toll-hot, c f r every such gate, and there to demand and receive such tolls as are appointed by this ail to he taken at any gate upon lire laid roa-J, and that every such gate shall be deemed.a pay gate within the intent and meaning of this act.

The thirly-eighth Year of George III. i r53

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and lie it enacted, That all personss A. f>.

refi ling within any parish wherein a fide gale (ha'll be erected across 179^-

any lane or way leading into, or out of the said turnpike road, or

in any narifli adioinin? to the parish wherein such gate shall be Persons 1 ' - 1 v.-fco irfiJc in

crcfted, shall he entitled to pass free of toll through the lame, and p.tiih,-,

shall not he clv -ged or chargeable with any toil whatsoever, ^01" j-.iu-f

or by reason of any bead or carriage whatsoever passing through or

' s , p.irtltub ;«{-

such gate, whith beafi or carnage shall belong to the pci Ion 10 rc-joining, M filling, or which shall he hired or used by such person, or shall lie J."‘ in any wise engaged or employed in the service of Inch person, provided such person (o residing as afore/itid, shall pay, or cati/e to earring, s pay he paid to the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or for their use, in and for any year to he computed from W ls- "* the fil’d day of January, the dim of five shillings and five pence, if such person be the owner or keeper, or is liable to pay duty for any coach or other carriage with four wheels; and if such person be not the owner of, or does not keep any such carriage, the dim of one lhiliing and one penny; and upon payment of such dims, the said perlims redding as aforesaid,- anil all carriages and beads their property, or employed as aforesaid, shall pals toll free through any such gate until the first day of January then next following.

XXII. And be it cnacicd, by the authority aforesaid, That it G.rc, -rt shall not he lawful for the said John Anderson, George Taylor, cr.-ii.*,1

and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or administrators cf each "'iim-ec »-

' > so ci corn*

and every of them, to alter the situation of any of the gates, or miirwncu. fide gates, or to erect new ones without the confetti of the said I'!0,'"!*, a" commissioners, or any three of them; hut that it shall he lawful0:1

J 01' (JI I-IW ill*

ror any three of the said commissioners, on the application of the e'ci^n, &c. said John Anclerson, and the said GeorgeTaylor, and the said/tlexander Taylor, or their executors or administrators, to alter the situation of any of the said pay gates within each division of the said road, and across any part of the present line of said road, or of the new lines of said road, or upon and across any part of the fame, or on the fide of the said present, or of the said new lines of the said road, across any lane or way leading out of either of the said lines of road within such didriet, and to build, hire, or rent, a toll-house for every such grr.e, and there to demand and receive, by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, such tolls as are appointed by this act to lie taken at any gate wit!-, in such distrifl for the said road, and that every such gate shall he deemed a pay gate.

1154 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXIII. But be it enacted, That all gates, and fide gates, that 1798. have been appointed or erected by the authority of the present di-Chap. 83. rectors of the said road, shall be considered as pay gates, and that the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, their bccdlcfii.il executors or administrators, and all persons duly authorized by cii tyTrec- them, may demand and take the several tolls hereby granted at each furthert' ant* every them, without any further warrant or authority from the said commissioners, or any of them.

Tolls.to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be li-

pjiii only t . (

nncL* a day. in able to pay any of the said tolls aforesaid more than once in the larae.dinDon; pame (|ay; within the same division, with the fame cattle and carriage, except as herein after excepted; but that every person hav-' ing paid such toll once in any one division, may, during the re-. mainder of the fame day, .(every such day to be computed from twelve o’clock.at night to twelve o’clock the succceding night) pass tickets to be. and repass toll free through every pay gate in the fame division, whiclTare to with the lame cattle and carriage for which such toll shall have

collectorson been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of such

receipt of (oil, and containing such other matters as are herein required re-js. ’ \ spefting the fame, which ticket every collector is required to give

gratis on receiving the toll,- upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal upon conviction.

Tolls may

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse ditttcZ'vhicht0 pay the toll payable by him. or her, it shall and may be lawful for t]le collector thereof) or persons acting as such, to levy the same deemed in by didrefs of the horse or lrorfes, or other bead or beads, carriage

four.dajs, or carriages, -upon;v.rhich the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods and chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay: the fame, and such horse or horses, or other bead or beads, carnage or carriages, or goods and chattel?, may be detained until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such didrefs; and if the same shall not be paid-within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector, or person acting as such, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand, after payment. of the said toll, and the full expences of the said didrefs, detinue, and sale.

fwi pcJ]1'ty

XXVI. And be it further enU'sted, That if any person or persons passing, x-c. shall forcibly or wilfully, go or pass with any horse, head, or car-injo'r r'12Se> through any pay gate, on the said road, without paying the teOTih"'t0" this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid cd.orram- at such.pay gate, or shall knowingly or designedly assault or ob-aUcrbg'a°r dt'uft any of the coljeftors, or persons employed in collecting or

iidict, 4

overplus to owners. '

receiving

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 1155

receiving any of the said tolls, or anyotlicrwife in the cxeculion of A.D. his or their employments of receiver or collector,' or limit forge, 179'’-counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person so offending shall, upon cotiviflion, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the owner of any 5l. penalty wasgon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage, or of any horse, c"'fr jRQr‘ riding or being the driver thereof, and travelling on any part of \"|K) the said road, shall drive or turn out of the fame into any other t-n off ilie road iii order to avoid paying toll, and (ltall afterwards proceed with fitcli carriage or horse into, or on any part of the said road, f""|rj5a:" such person, being owner, shall forfeit five pounds; and if he lie the driver, and not the owner, shall forfeit fifty shillings upon conviction for every such offence; and it shall he lawful for every col- coinftorj lcCtor, or person acting as such, and all other persons by him jjf/j1!'" required to assist in that respect, to seize any horl'c or horses, or l'c-viy 'f'jj

other bcaft or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, -

and the driver or drivers, attendant, or attendants thereof, and to J-cVlic a bring them before any justice of the peace, who is hereby required ,cc> to enquire into such offence; and if, upon conviction before such justice, upon the oath of any credible witness, the parly or parties , not iv.td complained of shall not pay such penalty, together with the tolls

' that shall be due, it shall be lawful for such justice, and be is hereby iffne warrjnt , J ’ ' forfuicj&c.

required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the horse,

or horses, or other bead, or beasts, carriage, or carriages, or goods so detained, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whefe possession the fame respectively was, or were, when so seized as aforesaid; or if no sufficient distress shall have been ;ra; vr, bc seized, to commit such owner or owners, or other person or per- "fi.,1, '

ions, to the common gaol, there to remain without hail or main- c"'"' prize until such fine and penalties, tolls and charges shall bc paid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for I’nfowecr.

icMtui may

the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, ran. or such person or persons as shall bc antli ui/eJ by them !or any u'.\fruf cat! of the said divisions, or for any commissioner, or any m.igifirale, ,1‘.* ‘-’'f"

’ J iii'ne t;cl;ci<,

e.onstable, or sub-constable, to flop 011 any part of the said road, nim.-yfnzc 13 any 4c<

1156 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage not being* 1798. coach, landau, chariot, chaifc, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or Chap. 83. chair, or the driver of any cattle which shall have passed during ' r J the fame day, through any pay-gate on the said road, to require the driver or person.attending the fame, to produce the ticket which lie or die shall have received at fttch pay-gate, for the toll paid for the same; and if IV.ch driver or person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket immediately on demand, or if such ticket when ptoduced shall not certify the whole toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for such person to seize and didrain the said horse, or other bead and carriage, with all the goods and chattels,thereon, and such horse or horses, or other beult or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels may be detained, until the toll prescribed by this act for the same shall Ire paid, with the reasonable charges of such didrefs and detaining; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the person who shall have seized to sell the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or driver on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said didrefs, detaining, and sale.

andother"

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every collector, or concerned, other person acting as such, shall have power to detain at any pay-cars, RcIm gate, every car, cart, or other carriage whereon the toll payable

iUeaksor varies) according, to the breadth of the dreaks or shoeing of the

fliocinij of wheels, and to njeafure the fame; and the said John Anderson,

' ’ George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or such person or persons

as they shall authorize, and every inspector, commissioner, or ma-.gidrate, shall have the like power to dop and measure the wheels 40l. penalty of evet7 such car or carriage, on any part of the said roadand oiulrivirrs rr. jf aily driver or other person, shall hinder or refuse to permit wheels fce such collector, or such other person, to measure the wheels of any measured. carr;age> j,c shall, upon conviction, forfeit the sum of duty

shillings.

-^or. penally

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fer Idling . 1

ho.fcs, &c. That if any perlott or persons whatsoever, owning, renting, of gecund'w£l> occupying any land near unto any pay-gate, cdablidied or crested

avcui.toils. jn pUIfuance of this act, shall, for gain, reward, or otlienvifd

knowingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or way, with any horse, bead, cattle, or carriage, liable to toll on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, such person shall forfeit, upon conviction, the sum of forty shillings for every such offence.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. i

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every person appoint- A. R eil to receive the toll at any pay-gate on any of thedivisions of the '791'-laid road, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and singular the like powers and authorities, and be subject Co.’M!r>, to and under all and singular the like regulations, penalties, and

restrictions as any collector appointed by the said John Anderson, I’king wils ^ , -., ,l J , b>- leak-, null

George Taylor, and the And Alexander Taylor, can or shall bave, have full

or be subjecto by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls ilmvcri-

cblledcu to the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor,

and the said Alexander Taylor, anti accounting to them for the

lame.'

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any colledbr or 4-s- rcnj|-toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the said John"-Anderson, and fors or toll-.the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, or by any person faking any of the tolls by lease or contrast; or any person acting as.such, shall- permit any carriage,- horse or beast ivlint-soever, to pass through any pay-gate without payment of the toll

payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or a proper certificate as before divested, being produced therewith, and shall omit to seize such car, carriage, or beast, or shall 1 delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law directs for such offence, of shall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the pnfling through the gate after notice shall be given to him, that the driver thereof has obstructed the execution of this act in any respect, every person so offending, shall upon conviction, forfeit the Aim of forty shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person appoint- iv,cr! for ed by the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or their leflecs, to make, gravel, repair, or superintend fupenmend-the said road, or any part of it, shall have full power and authority gingfmm. to dig for, search, raise, and carry away any gravel, (tones, (and, furze, or other' materials which may be wanted for the use of the W- f>-c. said road, and to make drains, in order to carry off water from, or preventing1 its-injuring the said road on or through the lands of any person, nor being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn,

or avenue to a mansion-hotife, Ihrubbcry, or pleasure ground, and

to cleanse and scour any ivatcr-courses ttirougii any grounds v.’liat-ever, so far as may he necessary for the said purpose; and that fuiiMion w every such persons lb appointed, shall make satisfaction to the own- Ststl ersor occupiers of the land, for the damage that may he done thereby, in like manner and under the like regulations as is, arc, or shall be enacted with respoit to damages (lone by overseers appointed by the presentments of grand juries,

XXXIV.

Grounds

may be purchased or hired for railing or.de-

pofiting materials.

A memorial of agreements for grounds taken at yearly rents, signed and registered, shall be fuliicient evi-

Verdict of

a jury afeer-

ttining rent, shall be sufficient evidence.

Stagecoaches, &c. carrying more than 6 persons infttte, or more than 3 outside, be* iiiles driver and guard, shall pay 5s. extra for each jmrfe.

The ihlrly-eighih Year of George III.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylcr, and the said Alexander Taylor, and the executors and administrators cf each and every of them to-purchase, hire, or rent, all such grounds as may be necessary for raising gravel or stones for the use of any part of the said road, or for depositing materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the ferapings and cleansing thereof.

XXXV. And. to avoid the expence and inconvenience of separate leases of each piece of ground which they may take at a.yearly rent, for any of the purposes of this act; le it therefore enacted, That where the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, shall -take any ground by agreement, at a yearly rent for any of the said piuposes, a memorial of such agreement, signed by the said John Anderson, or the said George Taylor, or the said Alexander Taylor, entered: in the mariner as by law memorials of deeds are to he entered in the regiflry office at the castle of Dublin, shall be sufficient evidence of such agreement to all intents and purposes, and that as many agreements as the said John Anderson, the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, and their executors and administrators shall think proper, shall be contained in one such memorial.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the rents to he paid for any ground for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be ascertained by a jury, the record of the verdict of such jury shall be sufficient evidence as aforesaid, without any- demise being actually executed pursuant thereto.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, and during the-continuance of the fame, it shall be lawful for the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, to demand and take by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, at such and every pay-gate aforesaid, for every stage-coach or other carriage plying for hire, or conveying persons for hire, which shall convey at any one time upon any part of the said road more than fix persons within fide, or more than three persons besides the driver and guard upon the outside of any such coach or other carriage, live shillings for ev.cry horse or other beast drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein before directed to be paid, every time such coach or other carriage shall pass through any of the said gates: Provided always, That such additional toll shall not be deemed to extend to waggons, or other carriages with broad wheels herein before mentioned.

XXXVIII.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. ' rJ9

XXXVIif. And in order to the improvement of the said road, A. IX be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said road shall he widened by the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alex-

under Taylor, or the executors and administrators of each and Road to be

tvjJnicd to

evci j of them, to the breadth of sixty feet from the circular-road, 60 fra ironr.

next to the city of Dublin, to the place now called the Red-cow

gate, save only between the two points where the new road In-

tended to be made through the lands adjacent to the Red-lion and 50 r«t from

Blue-hell inns, or houses, shall join the present road, and to the

breadth of fifty feet from the said Red-cow gate to tile intersection tofetfrom

of the Limerick road, in the town of Naas, and to the breadth of Hour;

forty leet from the said last mentioned place to Kilculkn-bridge,

and to the twenty-one mile (lone westward of the said bridge, art! b:ijjcs (<*-

that every bridge cn the said road not now widened to the breadth

of the road whe-rc Inch bridge is situate, (rave and except Kilcul- (°£c'i'rcfl

Jen-bridge) shall be widened to the full improved breadth of the rmj.

said road where such bridge (lands, so that the battlements thereof may range with the fences of the said road.

XXXIX. And for the support of the said road, and for the safety of travellers 3 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pi,cts a; the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, and the executors or administrators of each built, and every of them, shall build, or cause to be built supporiing walls of done and mortar at the following places, that is to say, in the river at Portlefter, at the mill bridges, at Boherplulip, at Kiiwarden, Thoncvoe, and at the quarry holes, and other holes on the fides of the said road, where the same shall be lieccssary for the support of the said read, or safety and defence of passengers, all such walls having sufficient battlements creeled above the level of the said road, for the purposes aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That /, t.viyc the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and the said i°fl2kr Alexander Taylor, and the executors 01 administrators of each Johnitom and every of them, shall build, or cause to be built a r.ccv bridge, with sufficient battlements above the level of said bridge, at the ford of Johnftown, not less than fifty feet in breadth, and shall also com- ^ plete the bridge at the call end of the town of Naas, so as that the cnda'iN^., southern battlements thereof shall range in a line from the corner of j"C;CCjCOm' the house now inhabited by Carthv, to the door of the

houl'e known by the name of Fannin’s-miil, and also to straighten the road behind the house opposite to the road at Killiilice, called the Bine-bell, and also to (Iraiglucn the road through the lands of Black-church, Kiiwarden, and Black-hill, and also repair and widen.

13 O

ii6o The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

or cause to he repaired and widened the turn of Tipper-road, a;

179S. the east end of the town of Naas, in the manner laid out by the Chap 83. present directors.

XLI. And the better to enable the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, to carry 011 Said per- and complete the said works; be it cuacled, That it shall be iaw-Ju"h’DJj7.edSby ful for thein, the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and A!e:<-commission- all(]er Taylor, and the executors or administrators of each and

ers, majrcrc« 1

an additional every of them, they being thereunto previonfly authorized by lha twccnli'ack- said commissioners, or any three of them, under then- hands and city of thib- to ere,a an additional pay-gate on any part of the said road

tin; that the hid commissioners shall appoint, in manner aforesaid, be-

tween Thick-church bridge and the city ol Dublin, and to demand and take at (itch additional gate the fame tolls that they are persons pny. hereby authorized to take in any division of the said road; and tioij.nl -nic,' no person paying any toll thereat, fluid he entitled to pais iae 1,01 P'irs of toll with any carriage or bcaft by this act made liable to toll, for or on account of his having paid at fudi additional gate, r Hmvir.nj XLI I. Provided always, That such additional pay-gate shall net

aiMaiwyil he continued ior me re than fivevears, or until the sum of thirteen jssw trail be_- /.

cuiiinuwi. hundred and eighty pounds Dial! he raised thereat.

J'oli iu.n!- XLltl. And be it enacted, That the said John Anderson, t'lvaLvm:. George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, the executors and admi-c.i rir !vi,c n;unltors of eacit and cverv of them, shall account for the tolls

tv-.

ai.d n r..’i'o collected, or to be collected at such gate before the commissioners iscolikrl of iwpreft accounts, and so soon as the said sum of thirteen hundred and eighty pounds shall have been so raised, the said gate stall be difecininued as an additional pay-gate on the said road.

ml

be \t

enacted, That the said John Anderson,

WiVrato XLIV. A wiiMirat, George Tayior, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and ad-afier mm- ministrators of each and every of them, shall complete all the

htening the said

tional gate is

ereitcu, cx. works before mentioned, as to widening and lira! tu-ir |{eUo, road, and as to building walls and bridges, within two years from :u-,d nine.belt t]ie first ercdcing of the said additional gate, the new road through the lands adjacent to the Red-lion and Blue-bell inns, or houses, only excepted.

NLV. And in order to enable the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and administrators of each and every of them, to widen such parts of the said road as have not been widened, and rim the fame in a more straight and direct line, wherever it may be necessary; be it enacted by the

I

authority

7be thirty-eighth Year of George III. 11 C> t

authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the faitl A.D. John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the r 7 q K. executors and administrators of each and every of them, to take Chap. £>'3. by lease or purchase from any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, so much of the ground contiguous to the said road, hfrtb»-

( ° emtottcini to

as may be needtary to widen the fame, and to make fences and tala-im,'; ditches thereto, and also to take by lease or purchase such ground as may be necessary for altering or turning such other parts of the ycatly (, said road as may require to be altered, at such yearly rent, or other otu oi price as they can agree for, which rent or price shall be charged and payable out of the said tolls.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be /til!>r,diet, lawful for all bodies politick and corporate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, administtators, trullces, and guardians, not

7 7 trull, ra\y

only on behalf of themselves, but also on behalf of ccjlui~questrims, convey lands infants, or issue unborn, lunaticks, (Indents, feme coverts, or other persons, and for ail feme coverts seized in their own right, and for all persons having an estate for life only, and for all and every persons who are, or shall he seized, poll'clied of, or intcrefled in any ground which shall he necessary for the purposes aforesaid, to sell and convey for ever, or to deinife the same to the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors ami the administrators of each and every of them forever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or during their respective interest, for such sums, or at Inch ycarlv rent as rnav he agreed oil, and if whci' rcrfors

rill- r 1 , ' ' . interfiled

any Inch bodies politick and corporate, corporations, executors, refute to con-administrators, guardians, or other persons, shall refuse to convey jo'r"f,s’pr0. or deinife the fame, in manner aforesaid, at such rent as shall be Juct offered by the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander flniu?.uie Taylor, or shall not produce a clear right to deinife the fame, to ^rcOTiined'b)' tile satisfaction of the said John Anderson, Gcorp-e Taylor, and a iury* ">

1 o > manner licir-

Alexander Taylor, or by reaton of abfcnco Hull be prevented from in directed: treating or agreeing with the said John Anderson, George Taylor,_ and Alexander Taylor, it Hull he lawful for the commissioners herein appointed, or any tluee of them, and they are hereby required to have the value or the yearly rent thereof, as the eale may he, enquired into, and ascertained upon the oaths of twelve Indifferent men of the county, wherein the fame is fmiate, in manner herein mentioned, that is to say, they shall cattfe a notice to be served at the house of the owner of the inheritance of the said ground, if resident in Ireland, or of his guardian, if an infant, and of the tenant or person in the paiVcihon or occupation of any such land or tenement, setting forth the length and breadth of the

u 6a The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

ground in his or her occupation,’ intended to be taken for the pur-1798.

pose’s of this act, and that they will-on a day to be mentioned in

Chap. S 3. puch not;tC) not jess rlian thirty-days distant, proceed to have the price or rent to he payable by them for the fame enquired into, and: ascertained by the oaths of twelve indifferent men, naming the .'place where such enquiry is to be made, and the said commissioners, or any three of- them, are hereby empowered to issue their - warrant to the sheriff of the county where such ground, land, or tenement shall lie, requiring him to summon thirty-six indifferent men of the county to appear before them, at such time and place as shall be mentioned in fitch warrant, for the purpose of ascertain- ituiyoffte- ing and> valuing the rent thereof, pursuant to this act; and the warrant is said sheriff is hereby required to summon and return' such thirty-

ilM it) him. fis persons, and out of them, or out of such of them, as shall ap-

to summon a 1 ’ 1 '

jury to.value,-pear, the-faici commissioners shall causetwelve to be hvorn for the

lamls' . purposes aforesaid, and for default- of a sufficient number appearing, the said sheriff shall return so many of the Itanders-by as shall he necessary to make up the number of twelve, to serve on such jury; and in cafethere Audi not be a lufficidnt number to make tip . ajurv, or if no jury shall he made up, a fresh warrant may be iiliied, and like notices be served again for the said purpose, and

so often as the case shall happen, provided the-day to be Ipecihcd

in every notice so to be served again, need r.ot be more than ten days distant.

Person, in-

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hndiTnnr That all persons interested, (halffrom time so time have their law-lengcfajainli c'la^enScs> I’11* not to challenge the array of the pannel, against . jurymen; any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn, and any commissioners three-or more of the said commissioners on the application of the riband'lllC" John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, shall oiiicre, mak- have power from time to time to impose any reasonable fine or fines nMiltdok'g- on such sheriff, bailiffs, or agents, making default in the premisses, rcacd "dl an<l on My- Of the persons that shalhbe fu-mmoned, and returned on such jury, -and: who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to-be Avorn on the said jury, or to give their verdict, or in any manner wilfully neglecting their duty therein, contrary to the true in-- tent and meaning of this act, and on any of the persons who being required to give evidence touching, the premiles, shall refuse to be examined, or to give evidence, or from- time to time to issue their warrant to levy such fine and fines off the goods and chattels of such person. and persons.so fined, so. as- that no such fine- shall exceed the sum.oft forty shillings for any, one offence.'

2 XLV-III.

*.o ri.iys :tf. I'vcoiv.c* '

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 116 5

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by t?ic amhoi-Itv afurcHi'ul, A. IX That the price to be ascertained, if the salt! John Andcri'nn, Oecrgc 17l|S-

Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, clioofe to purchase, shall lie then

paid, and if they shall choose a dcniife, that the rents so to lie l).i<vt»,ii agreed for, or act'elTed as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time j^'itXitiei as the same shall become due cut of the tolls of the said road, by ')c i’!lJ ior: half-yearly payments to the person or persons who shall he entitled thereto, the first payment thereof to begin and he made at the end of six months next after fitch ground shall he taken by the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, as aforesaid, and fitch person or persons entitled to fitch rents, shall' during the continuance of this act, have the fame cllate and into- rest in fitch rents as they would have had in the said grounds, in' case this act had never been made, and in default of payment ifrey be Je-thereof by the fakl John Anderson, George Taylor, am! Alexander ,ni paidwith-Taylor, or their executors or admiuiftrstors within thirty days after the same shall become due, the fame being demanded of them 'iy-'. h'<!

' the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, m.i, order fc-or their executors or administrators, the lord chancellor, or lord 'l'-oiraaoi. keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, may upon petition, anil hearing the parties in a summary way, make fitch order in fequef-tering the tolls forlhc payment of all fitch persons as tojullice lltall pertain.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, I’ciMon That as soon as an assessment fitall lie made as aforesaid, by fitch v/licit nJicfl. jury, it (itall be lawful for the said John Anderson, George Tav-lor, and Alexander Taylor, and any person or persons by them employed to take possession of the ground so assessed, and the (lie-riffs are hereby required, upon demand, to give them the possession thereof.

L. And be it enacted, That the said John Anderson, George New mat Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, shall make a new road from the from i'ox and place called S,indy-banks, at the cast end of the commons of l'ox and Gcefe, through the lands at the rerc of the Red-lion and Blue- bAige. ami a hell inns, orhouses, to the hill above the present bridge, and shall aiifiafcct eteft a new bridge across the dream, as part of the said road, which w'<*c ’ britlge, and every part of such road shall be at lead sixty feet wide, and that so soon as the said road and bridge shall be completed to arc completed the satislafUon of the commissioners, or any three of them, and Jj! jg5[°Uil

approved of by them, under their hands and Teals, it shall be law- J"e-ful for the said John Anderfo.., George Taylor, and Alexander and tolii ’ Taylor, and the executors and administrators of each and every of expence of them, to crc£l a gate on any part of the said new road, and to take

M $4 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

at the said gate such tolls as by this act they are entitled to take at 1798' any other toll-gate, until a sum equal in amount to the expences of P'- making the said line and building the said bridge, shall be raised thereat; and so soon as the amount of the said expence shall be so raised, the said gate shall he taken down, and no toll whatever shall be demanded or taken thereat.

LI.' And in order to ascertain the expence of making the said line and bridge, and the amount of the tolls collected at the said gate; be it enacted, That the said John Anderfcn, George Taylor, and-Alexander Taylor, and the executors or administrators of each and every of them, shall account for the fame before the commissioners of imprest accounts, who are hereby required; to inspect, examine, and audite the said accounts andfltms collected.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person paying toll at such gate, shall be entitled to pass with any carriage or head, hereby made subject to toll, through any other of the gates, for, or by reason of his having paid at the said gate.

XIII. And whereas it is necessary for the hotter management of the said road, that the drains on the Tides thereof, should he under the contrcu! of the said John Anderson, and the said George r.-ipoifcof Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor; be it therefore enacted, That if any person shall scour, deepen, fill up or widen any drain or ditch, or any part of any drain or ditch, on the fide of any part of the said road, without the order of the said John Anderson, or the said George Taylor, or the said Alexander Taylor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Anderson, or the said George Taylor, or the said Alexander Taylor, to cause the same to be filled up, or feoured, as they may think fit, and to take for fuclt purpose such earth or other materials as may be motl convenient, whether in the adjoining field or otherwise, and to lew the expejil'e thereof, by diilrefs and sale of the,goods, of such person.

LIV. And whereas, (tones, bricks, and dung, frequently fail on the said road, from the cars on which they arc.loaden, and are left remaining thereon, to the great inconvenience of persons Carskzil- travelling the said road; be it therefore enacted, That every car that shall carry any Hones, bricks, dung or manure, on the said fcc'thaifbe8 roath shall be boarded on the front, Tides and back thereof, with boarded as boards eight inches high at the least, and that for every car so ndtyao^aoJ loaden, which shall not be boarded in manner aforesaid, it shall cache!* anl* may be lawful for the gate-keepers, at every gate on the said road, to demand and-take the sum of one shilling for every such

car,

-Expences and tolls to be accounted for before impretl com* miGiimers.

Person!

- vdm pay at such gate shall not be thereby cn* titfpd to pass any other.

fcouxin

filling up ditches may be levied on persons who_leour,.deepen, or fill up, with an order from said per*

ej with (tones.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. u0'

car, every time it shall pais through any oi the fnJ gate.-, i.; like A. 1>. manner, anil with the fame remedies upon tcfulal, as in case of any 1 Toother toll now paid, or payable at my turnpike-gate or the f.d.t '

road, and the owner or otniers of every ear loaeen. as abort find, lltall forfeit the sum of ten iliiUin.g?, upon convicTum on the oath of one credible witness, before any julliee of the petce, witliia hi-, jurisdiction, which sum shall be levied and applied in the ir.anner before directed.

LV. And whereas great inconvenience has arisen, anti the public have been much endangered by water from mill-cotirfcs, or drains, having been turned upon pat is of the said road, from whence there have not been fudieient pafiagcu to carry off the said water, and many bridges have been greatly injured by persons removing the foundations thereof it; llurch c f eels; be it therefore enacted, That every person who th ll turn upon, or nuke a way for any such water to go upon any part r! the said road, cr shall turn any such water into the trenches by the tide o! any pan of the said road, unless there llrall have been, drli made a luilicie :t drain to carry off the said water, l'o that such water iliali not injure any part of the said road, or shall pull cut, remove, or injure auv part of the foundation, or any other part of any fridge, or wail, or fence to any quarry, pit, hole, river or-water-course, or injure any mile-stone, or direction-poll, or Hull injure any gne or toll-house, or any globes or lamps, or any e.v.ti acts from any part of this, or any other act of parliament, which shall be erctled or placed upon, or near any such gate or toll-houses, or shall sflault or ohitrudl any overseer, acting under and in the execution of any part of this act, or shall remove any of the materials which shall have been ul'ed fur filling any ditch, or any part of any ditch, or thall clefiroy or take down any part of the banks cr banks which are ot shall be raised between any part of the said road, and the drains or trenches on the fide of such road, or shall make, or have any way or passage from the said road into the lauds adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath such way or pallage as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or shall be made, so as to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pass, or shall burn, or permit, or fulTcr to be burned, on his or her lands, bricks, lime or weeds, cr vegetable fubtlanee for allies, within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, every such person shall for every such offence upon conviction, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and if any pert'on shall-keep, or have in his or her polli-Uion, any cur-dog or mastiff, at any house within fifty yards of the said road, without a Yol. XVJli. <3 Q_ block

m-u wi-l-t «t!i-C" (>

i or ’

10-

v.iiii.ur lii/i* ci-n.ii.r.iu-'# or <Jo a.iv injury to rraf*, Imdjtc, i.:. Scc. or oiHr-WiiQ OfIVl.'l U3

iiiri-i.H fluJJ forfeit

20S. penaliv ft r keeping a cur or inalhif A'irlun 50 yards ot read,

nC.S The thirty eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

block of wood of ten pounds weight at the lead, fadened to the 179<!* neck of every such dog, or shall winnow, or lay out for ivinnow-Chap. 83. ing( any corn on the said road, or shall lay any draw, dung, orrub-blo:k, or for bi(If thereon, or shall ferape the fame, or shall lay the scouring, or c'rTv'n"'2 earth of any ditch or drain, or any turf, on the said road, or shall con, cr lay- leave on any part of the fame, between enclosure and cncloiure, or

icg flr.iw, 1 # J 1

du.-.rj, jeour- permit to be left thereon, oppohtc or near to Ins or her honlc, any carriage wlutfuever, or any plough, or harrow, without the horse or horses, or other bead or beads being harnefled‘thereto, unless such carriages as being actually travelling, and having persons in them, or luggage the property of paflfengers, diall dop to change horses, and which shall not continue more than one hour, or such carriage as shall have been accidentally broken down there, and

n.' v.'c? or cannot he removed without repair, or shall break down or injure any foot-path, or ride, lead, or drive any liori'e or other bead on any part of any fool-path, or injure any horse-bloek, or any other thing which shall be made, created, or put up upon any part of the said road, for the use of the said road, or for the convenience of travellers, or if any person shall spread out any linen, blanket, or winnow clot!), within fifty feet of the centre of the said road, or shall heat or dry any llax, or leave any timber, Hones, land, day, lime, or other matter on the said road, except for the use of the said road, or fluil leave or permit to be left the carcafc of any horse, or other head, or shall (kin the fame, or permit it to be (binned on the said road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards or iron laid across, so as that either end thereof shall project beyond the wheels or fults of the carriage, or on which fr.all !v laid any beams or pieces of timber or plank, or pieces of plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts, or two common cars so placed together, that the beams, or pieces, or planks shall he laid length-ways thereon, or dial] drag any timber or mill-llones along any part of the said road, without being supported by wheels from touching the fame, or shall erect any sign-pod, or any may-pole, or may-bush, oh any part of the said road, or shall place or erect any turf-stack on any part of the said road, every person so onending, shall, for every such oifence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings upon conviction.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all dung, dirt, draw, rubbish, dones, gravel, sand or lime, which shall be laid on the said road, shall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the said

John

(hereon; or any carriage», without buries; fx-as herein.

a*iy fact-

} tUli;

or inure ary

hriik-.biric;,

or for.Mi’i '

within 50 fee* ol centre;

«-r lva*Vjj» cr <!:vi '.j; II tx, m leaving timber, lloret. &c. ett read

orlcattr.g or Ik-nitii!* c.o-cafcs, w:thm loa yards of contic; or driving ear; with l:mhcr, «Vc.

as

horvir.;

drafting

timber, etc.

orcrccting iig.t polU,

:\!l-ttate. rht’.s laid cn r >.id shall be forfeited.

i r 6 7

fjrncry 'l.iy.

Com, a t may I)-: toi».»

;my p:rf:»n, ! <ii‘ ->r: I'orl

:C v. (AtKAV-

" The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and to be A. I\ their folc property, and shall be sold by them, or either of them, for the use of the said road, or otherwise disposed of by them as they shall think fit.

I-VII. And be it further enacted, That for every car-load of Fur ony

feouving or earth, thrown, out of any drain or ditch on the said 1,1

road, and which shall be drawn away by the said John Anderson, *"

m ' rid.j li. mall

and the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, or i

their order, the owner or occupier of the land, which inch drain or ditch divides from the said road, shall upon conviction, forfeit the sum of one shilling for every day the same shall have remained thereon.

I,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every person whatsoever, CO take and carry away, and convert to his or her own use, any corn which shall be laid on the said road, for the purpose of being winnowed, or shall be winnow-ing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the lacks or winnowing cloths, wherein the fame may happen to be delayed on the said road, imlef> such corn dull by inevitable necdlity, by the breaking down of any car or carriage whereon it may he placed, for the purpose of being conveyed, and which car or carriage cannot lie removed without repair; |;.n and also all timber which shall be left on any part of the ("aid road, ber m-aimag and shall have remained thereon for forty-eight hours, not having hojrsTurcpt been brought or kept there by order of said John Anderson,

George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or for the use of the said read, without the let, suit, trouble, or hinderance of any person whatsoever.

LIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall build, or cause >°i r'^'r

to be built on any part of said road, or within twenty feet thereof, mcliin'j.i tint

any house, or part of a house, except in a corporate or borough- r!t‘

town, or any wall, or make any ditch or encroachment whatsoever <0ivn> "r

on the fame, or build any wind-mill, or lime-kiln, within one encroachment; or (mililin^ a

Jjme-kiJj)

within ioo

I-X. A vA be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- yards of an-

fill for the grand jury, at any aifi/.es or quarter sections, to present <r« j,t;, :.nv house, or part of a house, wind-mill, or lime kiln, to be pull- nuYptefau

' . li jufer. Jfce.

cJ down, which iliail he built contrary to this act, within their to licpmled county, anti that the expenses of so doing, he levied off the goods Jjivn ’ and chattels of the offender, and that it shall and may be lawful for any person to kill any dog which iliail he kept contrary to this act, cyjarr.ry to 'without being sued or prcllcuted for so doing.

j a 0 a

hundred yards of the middle- of the said road, fuel) person shall on conviction forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

ii 68

A.D. 1798.Chap. 83.

OlV'fiCtS

who *rmil to

»i r'y i< r.

v..ni.i. rq for ronic 1 ot niiifii'iccs, or neglect to ix-cciur them, lorJc'.t 40s.

Drivers of c?tihgv> ob ns

!i- rvi'.u lhc.ll Joriitt 10s. if no; owners* 205. il own-trs, or com-rm:u‘<!; nJ they may be nppreherded by any persons who fee offences commuted.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

LXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said John Anderson, or the said George Taylor, or the said Alexander Taylor, orluchperson or persons as they shall authorize thereto, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which shall be built or made, or begun to be built or made contrary to this act, and to take up any way or passage from the said road into any field or land adjoining, which may obstruct the free passage of water, and to re-make the fame, by building a gutter, or fewer, or arch thereon, at a sufficient depth, and to Icon;-and clear away all o Ml ructions which may happen to be made in any drain, for carrying any water from the said road, or ibrpre- curing its injuring the lame, and to pull down and remove any figu-pell, which shall be erected contrary to this act, lirll obtaining a warrant under the band and leal of any magistrare, or any oi the commissioners for lb doing, and to levy the expence thereof, ov distress and file of the goods of the ofiender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein Inch way, passage, or drain, CT sign-post shall be, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner 011 demand.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any overseer or inspector, or other person authorized by the Taid John Anderson, or the said George Taylor, or the said Alexander Taylor, to act as fitch, shall omit to apply for any fitch warrant, for forty-eight hours after he shall have been informed, or have seen any of the said offences, or matters, or having obtained Inch warrant, shall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unless prevented by the severity of the weather, or shall omit to apply at the next enlbing sessions or assizes for such prefenrment, as aforesaid, or shall delay or neglect to seize, prosecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences against this act, which shall come or happen within.his knowledge, view, or information, he shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings lbr every such oinilhon, delay, or neglect, upon conviction thereof.

LXIII. And he it further enacted, That if the driver or person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or carriage, shall by negligence or wilful misbehaviour, hinder, obstruct, or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects, on the said road, or if the driver or person in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall relufe or neglect to turn slide, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaifc, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every such person being corivifted thereof, by his own confession,

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 11 Cnj

or by the oath of any credible witness, before any j office of the A.D. peace, shall for every such olTence, if such offender be not the i 179^' owner of such carriage, forfeit the film of ten shillings, and if such offender shall be the owner of such carriage, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, and every such oflender shall upon non-payment thereof, be committed by such justice to the gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the said fine be paid, and every such offender, or person in care of such carriage, offending in any of the said cases, may, by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace-cflicer, to be conveyed before feme jufliceef the peace.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or ly-rfc. persons shall refill:, or make forcible eppofuion against any person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall af- thj.- "c1, fault any collector of the tolls, or any inspector or overseer, in ci j>!j <lii-the execution of his or their office or offices, or shall make or at- coilitabK-'i" tempt to make, any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods, dif-. trained cr seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable, or sub- io' or «ir.-constable shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant, granted by any justice, cr by any commissioner, pursuant to the directi-ons of this act, every such person shall, upon conviction, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than ten shillings, at the dileretion of such justice; and in case the same shall not be immediately paid, such justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the trustees, commis- Monies sioners, treasurer, clerks, and all others acting under, or by virtue "^"lcVd!" of the several acts respecting the said road from the city of Dublin

to Kilcullen-bridge, and to the twenty-one mile (lone well ward of wUtSyn-the said bridge, hereby repealed, shall deliver upon demand made by tile said John Anderfcn, and the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, all monies which shall have arisen, or may nrife by virtue of the said acts hereby repealed, and shall be payable to the trustees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, or in the hands of their treasurer, and together with all 1'ccurities for money due, or to be due to them as trustees of the said road, shall be paid and handed ever by them, or some person on then beiiall,

; i ijo The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

to the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander

179S. Taylor, or to the executors or administrators of each and every of

83- ,{jlemi

If money

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any trustee, treasurer, no^del'u - tlerk, or other person, shall neglect or refuie upon demand, or k>rd days after demand,- to deliver to the said John Ander-

chancellor Ton, and the said George Taylor, and the said Alexander Taylor, order"' ^'"a" or to their executors or adiriinistrators, all money and securities for money due to the trustees for any part of the said road, that it shall be lawful for the: lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, upon the hearing of the case, to make such order as to justice- may pertain.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That all convictions under this act shall be by the oath or affirmation ;if a quaker) of one credible witness, or confession of the party,1 before any one of the commissioners herein appointed, or any justice of the . peace within his fines, &c. not jurisdictioiv; and that all fines, penalties, arid forfeitures imposed

particularly ' . 1

oirested, Dull for an offence committed against this act, the manner of levying be icv.ed hv an(j applying winch is not herein particularly directed, shall belc-

One credi* b!c witness ih.ill be fnlli--cicm to con-vifl;

diilrcfs; and irj cases of noiv payment, offenders shall be committed.

Fines, 5rc. to

vied by difl;refs and sale of the offenders goods by warrant, under the hand and seal of the justice before vfrhom the offender shall be convicted, by the oath or affirmation of one credible witness, or his or her own confession; and in cife of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall be imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by such justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, cr penalty be paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when roa^ai'id'n P^> shall he applied by the said John Anderson, and the said rewarding in- George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the survivor of them, ormers.sc. the execlltorsand administrators of such survivor, in a;d of the tolls, towards the uses of the road, and in rewarding the informer or parties convicting, and the constable or other persons a (filling,

or partly in one and partly in the other of the said ways, as to the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, shall fcein proper.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and the Lid Alexander Tayh.r, public roads. and qq), and every overseer who shall be appointed by them, shall have the like power and authorities as any of the overseers appointed

Powers of overseers the same as for

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. 117 s

pointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may be A.D. hereafter made, for the amending, repairing, or making the pub- '798-lick roads, now is, or are, or shall be entitled to Chap.83.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, the supervisors, collectors, and all other persons nominated by them, shall have all toww-nuJ. and Angular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, shall assess and extend to every part of any new road laid out by virtue of this act, by the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, as are provided or enacted, with respect tp any part of the present road.

LXX. And whereas the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and SaU persans Alexander Taylor, have, by an article, dated on the twenty-ninthbir day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, bound j *9 themselves, and each and every of them, and the heirs, executors, w keep ioaJ and administrators, of each and every of them, in the penal sum of " twenty thousand pounds, conditioned for the repairing of the said road, and keeping it in repair for the said space of fifty years, and to make and construct the several improvements and works herein mentioned for the convenience of the public, and in consideration of the said tolls, powers, and authorities, hereby granted to them: ihhcrtn be it enacted, That if, after the expiration of five years from the passing of this act, it 'shall, upon petition in a summary manner, m font appear to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords cominWi- ihaianypnn oners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, that any "nf part of the said road from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen-bridcc rcP'l'r-lh?

1 nr1 1 ° pciukvot

and twenty-one mile stone westward of laid bridge, is not in com- 20000). nr.y plete repair, it shall be lawful for the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, to levy the said penalty of twenty thousand "pounds upon the said John Anderson, and the said George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and to fequefler the tolls of the said road, and by such person or persons as the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners shall deem fit, to apply the said penalty of twenty thousand pounds, and the said tolls, to tltc repair of the said road, and to continue to so apply the said tolls until the said road shall have been put into complete order and repair.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if mw of the said corn-

' me 1)

niifiioners of the said roail shall at any time during the couiinu- ,! nuance ol this act, after the term of three years from the passing 'jfjjcj* wi. 'ii" of the fame, for and during the rein tinder of the said term of Iifty 01 llr"

years, deem, any put of such district of the said run! out of re- pi-r,n'.:

if! .1 ..i. r

1172 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

pair, that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to call a 1798. meeting of the rest of the commissioners of such distriQ: by notice, Chap. 83 to be polled on the several toll gates within such distriS:, which notice shall specify the eause of such required meeting, and shall be three yta.": poftetl on such gates at lead ten days before the day appointed for such meeting; and if it shall appear to a majority out of four of the said commissioners at such meeting so called, that any part of if majority the said road, within such dillrift, is out of repair, it shall be law-

thaih road fu) for t]le J'aj,| majority of the said commissioners to prefer a pc-

outofrcp2u, j / 1 r

ihejr may pc- titlon to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords comnuilioners

chmceKor, for the custody of the great seal for the time being, setting

who may forth the matter of said complaint; and the said lord chancellor, or

make an or r 3

tier thercup- lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal, joint a rc-P may, upon the hearing of the matter of the said complaint, make M an order for levying the said sum of twenty thousand pounds, or such part thereof as he shall think fit, and to have a receiver appointed to receive the amount of the said tolls, and to appoint such person as to said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, may seem meet, a proper and suitable person to.overfec and lay out the fame in the repairing and amending the said road, with . one shilling and six pence per pound for receiving and laying out and accounting for the fame; and that such person, or persons so appointed, shall continue to receive and apply the said tolls in , manner aforesaid, until the said road shall he put into perfect repair by such person or persons, or by the said John Anderson, or the said George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every fucll case ,.«iiinty Duh- the venue such action shall be laid in one of the counties of

lin, ifany

Kildare and Dublii, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or afeions to be brought, may plead the maypicaJihe general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence gcjiral nhe. any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame tvas done in pursuance and by authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such action, or actions, shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for the-defendant or defendants; and if the jury shall find such verdict, or if the plainer. Ho c>ii, tiff shall be non-suited, or difeominue his adiou after the defendant if phiniiff lc 01" defendants shall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment non fuitol, shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy fer the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other calls by law.

' Venue to e be laid in Cflwftty Kildare, or

suit be coro-. inenced; defendant

kt. &c.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III. *73

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall take or A.D. make any oath or affirmation, prescribed or empowered to be taken, J79®' and given by virtue of of iii pursuance of this act, or for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, and shall wilfully swear Pmj nnd or affirm falsely therein, or shall suborn any person or persons to fringorr swear or affirm falsely therein, every such person shall, respectively, on conviction, fufier the pains and penalties by the (evcral folioming. statutes now in being, of by laiv prescribed against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or hibernation of perjury.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That where any distress shall be Didrcfi nm made for any sum of fiims of money to be levied by virtue of this lawful for aft, the distress itl'elf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trefuafler or trespassers, aggrieved

_i% may recover

on account of any default or want of form m any proceedings in an a6Vion relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deem- 01"'iecafc-ed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any informality which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damages in an action on the case.

LXXV. Whereas by an act of parliament passed during the pre- By an act lent session of parliament, entitled, An act for improving and re- gon^toik are fairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Cork 10 the Kilworth mountain, and for repealing the several laws heretofore Kilwoilh" made relating to the said road, certain tolls are thereby made pay- mououra able; and whereas from the great expence of repairing the said road, and the heavy interest payable on debts due on account of the said road, the present tolls are found infuffirient to answer the purpose thereby intended: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, foficitm; That the commissioners appointed by the said receited act shall have power to demand and take, in each division of the said road, by such person or persons as any three or more of laid commissioners shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every pay-gate on said road, that is to say: for every stage coach, stage landau,

It age chariot, or chaise, employed in carrying passengers, paying "ken on fctil

double

rodti;

lor their pallage respectively, double the toll that any coaches, landaus, chariots, or chaises, are now respectively liibjcfl to by 'ififf said receited act, the fa in c to be received, paid, taken, and recovered, to all intents and purposes, in like manner as the tolls paya- ft:, raiding btc by the said receited act are to lie received, paid, taken, and reco- i.ifh'iiV' vered, and to be paid and applied rr> the lame tiles as the said original tolls are directed to he paid and applied.

1174 The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

A.D.

LXXVI. And be it farther cnidled, Tint the duration cf in *79®* of parliament paired in (he thirty-third year of hii prefer,t Majesty, entitled, An net to explain ami redact iniu out all tie (acral Ratiml it\ laxvt for mating, repairing, er amending ibt lurnpiie r:aJi hading i\uUtotm»*fri,m ‘b* lown f ‘Vam the fount of Marshrtngh and Italy can,

f* *»ffifrom tit fahI town of Marshoroagb to the citj of timeriil, and from . ... fa /iv/n fonagb to O' Brim't-lridgt, which ait was to continue for thirty yeais from the passing thereof, shall extend and he continued, with all its cltufcs and regulations, fur the term of fifty years from the pading of this act, and no longer.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to I c a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, junicct, and other person* whatsoever, without specialty pleading the ftme.

ilm iCt

iTt,

A public!

The End of the EIGHTEENTH VOLUME.

