STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XI.

-•<>—<>■—o--o-

CONTA1NING

From the Thirty-fevcitth Year of George III. A. D. 1797, the Thirty-eighth Year of Georoe III. A. D. 1798* hi-clufivc.

I

DUBLIN:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the ICirgX Moft Excellent Majeily. ^ 799*

PRINTED AND PUBLISHED IN OREAT BRITAIN

r

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS

OF THE

ELEVENTH VOLUME.

CHAP- I-

An A3 to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors oj Ireland, to apprehend and detain Juch Perfom as he or they jball fufpeB for ccnfpi, Ing again/} His Majefty’s Perfon and Governor.	Page	l

ch'ap. II.

din A3 for encouraging and difciplining fuel Corps of Men as Jhall voluntarily enroll tbemfclves under Officer* to be cvmmif Jioned by his Majejly, for the Defence of icis Kingdom during the prefent War.	2

CHAP- XVIII.

X An A3 to prevent ExaBions upon the Sale of Salt.	5

a i	CHAP.

v> <T)

CONTENTS.

C II A P. XIX.

An AH to explain ami amend the Laws now in Force, relating to tie Militia oj this Kingdom, i	Page	7

CHAP. XXL

An A3 to amend the Game Laws*	26

CHAP. XXII.

An Ad to amend end continue an AH paffi* in the Thirtieth Tear f His prfent Alajrjiy’s RJ n, Entitled, An del to extend the lowers of the Corpor ti *•for Paving, Clean/* ing and Lighting the S. reels of Di.Odui ; end to enable the’Corporation to build a Bridge aero ft the River Anna Lffy» at I fund-Bridge ; an : to enable the Corporal? <n to borrow a certain Sum of Money for the Putpofes then hi mentioned.	if

CHAP, xxmr

An AH to extend to Pref n? runts exceeding Two Hundred Pounds, to be expended on Maid Coach Roads, the Regula-ti ns ot' an Act prJJ,Id in tie 1 hi. ly-ji .h Tear of the King, Entitled, n ..H for ?i:e Reg Aatim of Preferments for the Purpfe of levying M-my to U exu * J in crctting Court-Houfes, Gaols, and other eyperfke Buildings.	31

CHAP, XXIV.

Aji AH for the further Advancement of Agriculture, and promoting a jh.a.'y Sup fly of Corn, for the City of Dublin, by extending the Export Bounties on Corn and Flour to the jaid

City,

CONTENTS.

City, and difcontinuir.g all Inland, Canal, and Coajl Bounties thereto.	Page	3	a

CHAP. XXVI.

An A8 to prevent the forging of Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to prevent the obtaining of falfe Credit, and the committing of Frauds by the Imitation of Notes or Bills of the jaid Governor and Company.	3	7

CHAP. XXVII.

An ,1ft for vejling a certain Fund in Commijfioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Deity and to dired the Application of adililional Funds, in cafe of future Loans, to the like Purpofe.

39

JC HAP. XXIX.

An Ad for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and amending an Ad puffed in the Thirty-fifth Tear of his prefent Majejlfs Reign, Entitled, An Jet for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and or ereding Turnpikes thereon, in slid of Barony Prefentments.	49

CHAP. XXX.

An Ad for better regulating the colledion of His Majejlyfs Revenue, and fur preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an ACl made in the Thirty -fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, entitled. An Ad for continuing and amending the feveral Laws relating to His Majefly's Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the feveral Ads and

Statutes

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

Statute which are mentioned m lie /aid Ady and continued thereby.	Page 7	I

CHAP. XXXI.

An /la for the more ft cure Importation during a limited Time, of the feveral Goods and Materials of Manufa&ure therein mentioned.	167

CHAP. XXXII.

An A& for raijing by Loan the feveral Sums therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to His Majefly for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fevent and » for fecuring the Payment of the Interejl thereof and for enabling the Commijfioners of the Treafury in Ireland to receive from the Commifponers of the Treafury in England, the Sum therein mentioned, towards the faid Loan, and for fecuring an Interejl for the fame9 and to provide for the Difchargc of the feud Sum.	168

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Ad for colhaing and f curing his Majefly's Revenue ' upon Malt.	176

CHAP. XXXIV.

An A8 for the better governing and managing the Iloufe of In-ditflry> fpr the Relief of the Poor in Dublin.	1^8

CHAP. XXXV.

' An A FI to amend an Aft puffed in the Thirty f.xth Tear of His pnfent Majefly's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Amendment of Publici Roads, for directing the Power of Grand

Juries

CONTENTS.

Juries rejfe8ing Prefcntmcnts, and for repealing fevered Laws heretofore made for thofe Purpofes with rejfe8 to Roads through Bogs'.	Page	199

CHAP. XXXVI.

A8 to prevent the vexatious impounding of Cattle for Tref pafs or Damage-Feajant, and for the more effedual preferring of Mears and Fences. 1	2	Co

CHAP. XXXVII.

An A8 for amending an A8 pajfed in this Kingdom, in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of fits prefent Majefty, Entitled, An A8 for ereQing Parochial Chapels of Eafe, in Pa-rtjhes of large Extent, and making fucb Chapels, and thofe that are already ereSed perpetual Cures, an d for making a proper Provifion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to 6jfciatc in the fame, and alfo in like Manner for making appropriate Parijhes perpetual Curetk	204

CHAP. XXXVIII*

An A8 to explain an A8 pajfed in the Thirty fixth Tear of His Majefy’t Reign, Entitled, An A8 more q/feSually to fup-prejs Infur regions, and prevent the Dijlurbance of the public Peace•	205

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Ad for indemnifying fuch Perfons as habe acted Jince the Firjl Day of January, in the Tear One ihoufandfeven hundred and ninety feven,for the Prefervation of the Public Peace, and Supprejfon of the IrfurreSions prevailing in fame Parts of this Kingdom*	.	107

s

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XL.

^ yft? for the letter Prevention and Punifhment of Attempts to fedtue Perfons ferving in H'u Maffly's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to Hu Majefyf or to incitcthem to Mutiny or Difobcaicnec*	Page	208

C H A P. XLII.

A* A8 for regelating and extending the Tobacco* Trade* and for fecuring the Duties payable upon the Import and MaHu» fadare of Tobacco.	21 •

CHAP. XLIV.

An A&for the P refer valion of EJlatcs belonging to Parijbes.

*43

CHAP. XLV.

An Ad for re* ulating the iffuing of Lioenfcs for tfje Sale of IVine9 Ale, Beer, Cider, a., a Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Li-quors.	246

CHAP. XLVIf.

An AS for the further Regulation of tin EleQion of Members terfervt in Parliament.	266

CHAP.

CONTENT S;

CHAP. XLIX.

/

An A3 for the Relief and Maintenance of Infolvent Debtors detained in Prifon.	Page	272

CHAP. L.

An A3 for further extending the Provijions of an A3, paffcd in the Twenty fird and Twenty fecond Tears of His Maiejly*s Reign9 Entitled, An A3 for ejlabltfhing a Bank, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.	281

•	C	H	A P. LI.

r

An A3 for confirming and continuing for a limited Timef the Rejkridions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, on Payments in Cajh by the Bank.	286

C'H A P. LII.

An A3 for regulating the Import, Export, and Salt of Cof fee, and fecuring the Duties payable thereon.	2 91

CHAP. LIII.

An A3 to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein mentioned*	299

CHAP.

CONTENT S-

%

CHAP. L1V.

An AS to enable the Proprietors of Debentures ijffued by Government, to convert them into Stock, transferable at the Bank of Ireland.	Page	305

CHAP- LVI.

An A'7 to amend an A3 faffed in the thirtieth Tear of His prefent Mayfly* Reign, Entitled, An AQ for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour ol Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Polic. oj faid Town.	' 311

CHAP. LVIII.

An AS for amending and reducing into One AQ of Parliament, the Laws relating to Harbuy and other Carriages, plying in the City of Dublin, its Suburbs'and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereof	314

CHAP. LX.

An Ad to enable His Mdjejly to grant a certain Prnfon to the Princefs Royal, ufon her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wirtemburgh.	337

CHAP. LXI.

An Ad for the further Regulation of the Linen and Hempen ManufaQures.	339

CHAP.

I

CONTENTS. CHAP. LXII.

Am Ad to enable His Majefly to grant an Annuity to certain y Truftees therein named, in Trull for Sarah Hamilton, Widow of the Reverend Dodor William Hamilton, deccafed, and for the Children of the faid Sarah by the fold William Ha• milton.	Page	342

CHAP. LXIII.

An A3 to enable His Majefly to grant an Annuity to certain *1 rujlees therein named, in Trofl for Alicia Knipe, Widow of the Reverend George Knipe9 deceajed, and for the Children of the faid George Knipe, namely John, George* Frances and Anne•	344

In the Thirty-eighth Year of GEORGE III. CHAP. II.

An A3 for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of quo warranto.	346

CHAP. III.

An Ad to repeal fo much of an Ad paffed in the Thirty fxth Tear of His prefent Majefly's Reign, Entitled, /.n £8 for the Amendment of PulUcl Roads, for direding the Power of Grand Juries ref petting Prefcntm-nts, and for repealing feveral La<ws heretofore made for thofe Purpofes, as re* lutes to the accounting for Pubitck Money in the County of Tyrone.	347

CHAP.

r

COtfTENTTS.

CHAP. IV.

An Ad to permit the Importation of Portugal Salt into this Kingdom9 in Neutral Vejfds, for a Time therein limited.

Page 348

CHAP. VII.

An A3 to amend an A3 paffed in the Twenty-i&irj and Twenty-fourth Tears of ih- Reign of His prefent Majefly, Entitled, n A3 to fecure the Liberty of the PreJs, by preventing the Abujes ari/ing from tlje Publication of traitorous, feditious, jalfe, and fianderous Libels, by Perfons unknown.	240

CHAP. VIII.

An A3 to continue an A3 paffed in the Thirty feventh Tear of His Majefly'.; Reign, Entitled, An a3 for the better Pre-•option and Pun ft. m:nt of Attempts to [educe Perfons ferving in His Mayfly's Forcet by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majefly, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobed.cnce.	356

CHAP. XI.

An A3 to continue an A3 paffed in the Thirty feventh Tear of His Majcfy's Reign, Entitled, An A3 for collecting and fe-euring IIss Majfly’s Revenue upon Malt.	3	56

• chap. xir.

An A3 to. continue an A3 faffed in the Thirty feventh Tear of His Mayfly's Reign, Lntitjed, An A3 for regulating the

Import,

Digitized by (^.ooQle

CONTENTS.

Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee9 and fccuring the Duties / payable thereon.	Page	357

CHAP. XIV.

* An A3 for continuing an A3 puffed in the Thirty feventh Tear of His Mayfly's Reign, Entitled, An 3 to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain fucb Per Jons' as he or thy j’hall fufpetl for confpiring againjl his Mayfly's Perfoti and Government.	357

CHAP. XVI.

•

An A8for continuing an ASpaffed in the Thirty-third Tear of His Mayfly's Reign, Entiled, An A3 for eflallifh'tng the Regulations reJpeSing aliens arriving in this Kingaom, or refident therein, in certain Cefesy and Subje8s of this Kingdom who have ferved\ or are ferving in Korean Armies ; and for continuing another A3 puffed in th Thirtyyixth Tear of his prefent Maje/lyy Entitled, An Art to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making, removing, felling, and Leeping of Gunpowder> Arms and Ammunition without Li• cenfe.	358

CHAP. XIX.

An A3 for indemnifying fuch Pfrfons as have a3ed fmee the Third Day of July, in the Tear One thoufand f even hundred and ninety feven, for the Prefervation of the Public Peacey and Suppreffon of the Infurre3ions prevailing in feme Parts of this Kingdom.	3	j’cj

CHAP. XX.

An A3 to Jborten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majejly9 His Heirs and Sue-

cejforsy

“Trf^ltjzed by

CONTENTS;

effort, that the Parliament JbaU meet, and be holders for the Difpatch of Bufxnefs, and more efeSually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament, in Cafe of a Demife of the Crown•	Page	360

CHAP- XXI.

An AS for continuing an AS pojfed in the Thirty-fixth Tear of His Mayfly's Reign, Entitled, 44 An AS more ejfeSu-“ ally to fupprefs JnfurreS'tons, and prevent the Difurhance “ of the public Peace	and alfo,	an AS pajfed in the

Thirtyfeventh Tear of His Majejly's Reign, Entitled, ** An Ad to explain an AS% pajfed in the Thirty fixth Tear M of His Majefiy's Reign, Entitled, An AS more effec-44 tually to fupprefs InfurreB’wns, and prevent the Difiurh-u once of the public Peace”	362

CHAP. XXII.

An AS for improving and repairing the turnpike Road hading from the City of Cork, to the Brook which hounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the Foot of K'il* worth Mountain, and for repealing the fevered Laws heretofore made, relating to the faid Road.	364

CHAP. XXIV.

An AS to fecure the ColleSion of the Duties on AuSions, and on Glafi Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on Paper printed, painted, or Plained in this Kingdom, to ferve for Hangm tngs or other Ufes ; and to prevent Frauds therein.	387

CHAP. XXV.

An AS to amend an AS fcjfed in the Thirty fixth Tear of the Reign of His Kajfty King George the Third, Entitled*

An

CONTENTS.

An AB fir the better and more convenient Adminiftralion of JuJlice, and fir the Recovery of firiull Debts in a fummary Way, at the Sejftons of the Peace, of the feveral Counties at large, within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an Ad, Entitled, An A3 for the better Execution of the Law, and Prefer vat on of the Peace, within Counties at large?	Page	40S

CHAP. XXVI.

jin AB to empower the JuJlices of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for the County of Dublin, and for the County of the City of Dublin, to continue to hold a Sefftons of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, begun to be holden before* the EJfoign Day ef Term, notwith]landing the Sitting °f the Court of King’s Bench, in tiller of the Jaid Counties, and to enable all Judges of Affi’zs, and Gommif-Jioners of Oyer and Terminer to order Perfons in Execution, to attend before them as Witneffcs.	412

CHAP. XXVIII.

An AB to amend the Mail-Coach Road, leading from Bann-Bridge to Belfajl.	413

CHAP. XXIX.

An Aet to fecure the cpllection of the Duties on Paper made m Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein,	417

CHAP. XXXI.

An AB fir amending the Road from DulTm to Knocifedan, ta the County of JQMn*	437

CHAP.’

N

Digitized by

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Alt to continue for a Twvtcd Tine, the Government and Management of the Houfe of Indufry, for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin, under the prrfent ading Governors thereof	Page	459

cfaAP. XXXV. •

An A8 for the better management of the IVorb-houfe and Foundling Hofpital in Dublin.	460

C H'A P. XXXVI.

Ah A8 for amending an A8 puffed in the Thirty •third year of His. Majejlyys Reign, Entitled, An Ad for fecuring the Freedom and Independence of the Houfe o f Commons, by ex-eluding therefrorj Perfons holding any Offices under the Crown% to be !jc re after created, or holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Penjions for Terms of Tears, or during His Majejlyys Pleafure.	463

CHAP. XXXV IF.

An Ad to male Provifion for Quartering fuch Foreign Troops cs His Majejly may think proper to employ in this Kingdom„ jlr the Defence thereof.	4.64

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Ad to enable Commiffioncrs of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, in and for the County, and County of the

City

CONTENTS.

City of Dublin> to commence, hold, and continue their Sejfons during the Term,	Page 464

chap, xxxrx.

An Ad for the better afeertaining the AmouiH, and fecuring the Payment of the Bills of Cojl of Prodors, employed in carrying on, and defending Suits and tranfading Bufinefs in the High Court of Admiralty, in His Majejly's Court of Prerogative, in the Court of Delegates, and in all Ecclefiajlical Courts within the Kingdom of Ireland.	465

CHAP. XL.

An A3 for the better en oiling certain Perfons to open and work Mines, and to raife Coaly Culm9 Minerals, and Pojftis in this Kingdom, and for working and manufacturing the fame,	467

CHAP. XLI.

An A3 for granting certain Tolls, Rates, and Duties, to be taken at the Turnpikes, on the Roaas leading over Bally-hough and AnneJUy Bridges, in Aid of the Barony Prefnt-tnenfs, and in Lieu of the Tolls formerly payable at fuch Turnpikes, and for amending thefLaws for making, widening, and repairing the fa'td Roads, and for making perpetual the feveral Ads of Parliament relating thereto.	479

C H A P. XL1V.

An A3 to amend the Laws for promoting the Linen an I Hempen Manufactures. *	485

Voi. XI.

b

CHAP.

r •

CONTENT*.

CHAP. XLV.

An AS to regulate the Colledion of the Duties on Male Servants » and to fecure the Payment thereof andfor the better Collection of the Duties on Fire-Hearths, and on Coaches and other Carriages,	Page 486

CHAP. XLV I.

An Ad for the government of the Militia of Great Britain, fsrvtng in this Kingdomt during tleir continuance therein,	49	6

CHAP. XLVII.

An Ad for the further Amendment of the Ads relating to the P of-Office, and for further facilitating Profccutions under the fdid Ads,	,	497

CHAP. XLVIIL

An Ad for preventing the Defertion of Seamen from Shipe trading between this Kingdom and His Mayfly's Colonies and Plantations in the Wejl Indies,	5	c	x

C PI A P. XL1X.

An Ad to enable the Dean and Chapter of Chrift Churchy Dub-fin, and other Perfons therein namedy to grant certain Grounds in the City of Dublin9 to the Society of Icing's Innsy Dublin,	510

CHAP.

"1

CONTENTS.

CHAP. L.

A*	dS	for the better ColleSion of	artfing from Forfeited

Recognizances, and from Fin impofed at tmjjiont of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sejfione of the Peace, and for the future Application of the fame.	' Page	ji$

CHAP. LI.1'

' 1

An A3 for regulating the Trade of a Dtftifler, andfor/rearing ' the Duties payable on Homemade Spirits.	527

CHAP. LIL

An A3 to regulate the Trade of ReBifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds in Ifis Majcjly's Revenue, by ReBifiers of Spirits„ '	'	555

CHAP. LIU.

jin A3 for the moreeffeSuaUy preventing the forging of the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ire-land, and the Circulation of forged Notes and Bills of the faid Governor and Company•	564.

CHAP. LTV.

An' A3 for the better Regulation of the Royal Canal Company.	5^9

b a	CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

C O N T E'N T

CHAP. LV.

An Ad for the King's Mofi Gracious, General and Free Pardon.	Page	572

CHAP. LVI.

An Ad for the better

Accounts

Regulation and Examination of Publicl

577

CHAP. LVII.

An Ad to amend an Ad faffed in the Thirtyfixlh Tear of His prefent Majejiy, entitled. An Ad to male conffiring to Murder, 1 deny, •without Benefit of CLrgy.	583

CHAP. LIX.

An Ad to remove Doubts rcffeBing the Property in the Service Oj Perfons tranfportedfrom this Kingdom.	584

CHAP. LX I.

Ac Ad for better enforcing the Execution of the Ad made for

th Trial of controverted Elcdions of Members to fcr :>e in Parliament, iy difquaiijying certain Perfons who have en-devoured to ofjlrud the due Execution thereof, from voting ct any Election hereafter.	584

CHAP.

Contents.

chap. LX1I.

An AS to further explain and amend the Law no tv in Fohe, relating to the Militia erf tbit Kingdom •	Page	585

CHAR LXIII.

An Ad to continue an A3 faffed in the Thirtyrfeventb Tear of His Majcjly’s Reign, Entitled, An A3 for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for fecuring the Duties payable upon the Import and ManufaQure of Tobacco.	*	591

CHAP, LXV.

An A3 to enableihe Chief Governor of this Kingdom to appoint one of His Majejly’s Counfsl learned in the Law, to be Chairman cf the Sejfton of the Peace in the County of Dublin, during good Behaviour.	592

CHAP. LXVIII.

An A3 for appointing Commiflhners to enquire into the foffis of fuch oj His MajeHy's Loyal Suojeds as have been Sufferers in their Property during the fubjijling Rebellion in. this Kingdom.	593

CHAP. LXXII.

An A3 for the Sale of IPs MajrJIy’s Quit Rents y Crown, and other Rents, and of the Lauds forfeited in the Tears Ore 1	"	tkoufand

CONTENT*.

thmfani fix hundred and forty <nc, and One thomfand fix, hundred and eighty-eight, and other Londe yet remaining un-difpofed of, in fueh Manner, and under fueh Provifions as are therein mentioned*	Page	597

CHAP. LXX1II.

An A3 for eontinmng and amending an AS, pajfed lad Seffion of Parliament, entitled. An A8 for regulating the wuing of LUenfes for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, ana Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors, and for granting to His MajfAy, • Hit Heirs and Succeflors, the Duties therein mentioned* 605

CHAP. LXXIV.

An A3 for indemnifying fueb Perfons as have aSedface the Firf Day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, for the Prefervation of the Public Peaty, and Supprejfon of InfurreSions prevailing in fome Parts of this Kingdom,	61	z

CHAP. LXXV.

An Ad for eontinmng and amending an A3 made in the Thtr-tyfeventh Tear of His Mayfly's Reign, Entitled, An AS for better regulating the ColleSion of His Mayfly's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, andfor repealing an A8 made in the Thirty-fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Mayfly, Entitled, An Ad for continuing and amending the feveral laws relating to His Mayfly's Revenue, and further pt eventing Frauds therein, and the fever al stfts and Statutes which arc mentioned in the faid Act, and continued thereby.	613

CHAP.

M N t J N H.

\

CHAP. LXXVIt

An A8 for the Attainder of Edward Fitzgerald, commonly Colled Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beakcbamp Bagenal Harvey, deceafcd, of High Treafon. >

Page 6*7

CHAP. LXXVIII.

An A3 to prevent Perjbns from returning to Hu Mcyeftys Do-minions, who have been, or fhall be tranfported, banijbed, or exiled, on Account of the prefent Rebemon, and to prohibit them from pnjjthg info any Country at War with His Majefly.	631

CHAP. LXXIX.

An A8 to authorize the i/fuing of Treafury Bills to the Amount therein mentioned, to the Company of the Grand Canal, to carry on the Navigation to the Shannon, and to authorize the tjfuing of Debentures to the Amount therein mentioned, to enable the Company of the Roy A Canal to proceed in carrying on the faiJ Canal-	637

CHAP. LXXX.

An A8 to compel certain Perfons who have been engaged in the late Rebellion which hath broken out in this Kingdom, to furrender themfelves, and abide their trials refpeSively, within a limited Timo, on Pain of being attainted of High Treafon.	*	640

CHAP. ,

4

CONTENTS.

CHAP. LXXXII.

An AS for amending an A3 paffed in the Thirtyfixth Tear rf the Reign of Hie Majejly, Entitled, An A3 more efic-iiudly to fupprejs Infurrcfiions, and prevent the Dijhirb*ncc of the tublk Peace.	Page 642

» \

CHAP. LXXXIII.

An AA to explain and reduce into one A3, the fevered La<wj for making, improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to K'dcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone IVeJl-ward of the feud Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the A3 for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further improvement of the Road from Kihvorth Mountain to the City of Cork.	645

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES, &c.

The Thirty-feveirth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

jfn AS to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Govtr* nor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain fuch Perfons as he or they Jhallfufped for confpiring againft His Majcfly9* Perfon and Government.

XXT'HEREAS a traiterous and deteilable confpiracy has * * been formed for fubverting the exifting laws and 1797. conditution 5 therefore for the better preservation ’of his Majefty’s facred perfon, and for fecuring the peace, the laws, and liberties of this kingdom 5 be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons In this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every perfon or peifons that is, are, or Perfons in (hall be in prifon within the kingdom of Ireland, at or upon prifon for high the day upon which this ad (hall receive his Majefty’s royal tr<»fc>n, may bt alfent, or after bj warrant of his Majefly’s mod honourable	“

privy council of this kingdom, figned by fix of the faid privy council, for high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable pra dices, or by warrant figned by the lord lieutenant or chief fectctbry, for fuch caufes, as aforefaid,

Vol. XI.	A	may

Digitized by

Google

The tlirtyfcventh Tear of George III.

A. D.

mi-

Not to extend to members of cither houfe of parliament.

may be detained in fafe cuilody without bail or mainprize, until the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and mnety-feven, and until the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and that no judge or juftice of the peace (hall bail or try any fuch perfon or perfons fo committed, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of faid privy council, until the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and nincty-feven, and the end of the then next feflion of parliament, any law or fta-tute to the contrary notwith (landing.

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this a&, (hall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient rights and privileges of parliament, or to the imprif-onment or detaining of any member of cithet houfe of parliament during the fitting of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he (lands fufpe&ed be firft communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and the confcnt of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or detaining.

CHAP. II.

n	An AS for encouraging and difcipTining fuch Corps of Men as

Jball voluntarily enroll themfelves under Officers to be commif-Jioned by his Majejly, for the Defence of this Kingdom during the prefent War.

WHEREAS further exertions are now become necef-fary for the defence of this kingdom, and for the prefervation and fecurity of the dives and properties of hia Jdajefty’s fubje&s therein : be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-Pcrforsen- fent parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, rolled under That if any of his Majefty’s loyal fubjc&s in this kingdom, rfficcrs commif- (hall havc voluntarily aflociated and tnrolled themfelves, or MajeftyJduring ^all hereafter voluntarily aflociate and enroll themfelves in the war’ for the troops or companies during the continuance of the prefent purpofes herein, war, under officers having commiflions from his Majefty, or from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, duly authorized thereto by his Majefty, for the prote&ion of property, and prefervation of the peace within the barony, city, or town wherein the place of firft affembling (hall be appointed in fuch commiflion, and within every barony, city, or town immediately adjoining thereto, every ferjeant, . trumpeter, drummer, and private therein, (hall be intitled ' to receive inch clothing, arms, and accoutrements, or allowances

The thirty feventh Tear of George IIL,	3

ances in lieu thereof, and alfo fuch pay, in fuch manner A. D. and at fuch rate, as his Majefty, or the chief governor or 1797* governors of this kingdom (hall appoint, for every day, not Chap. a. exceeding two days in each week that he (hall aftually af-femble and attend by order of his commanding officer for the purpofe of being difeiplined, and exercifed.

II.	And be it further enabled, That one feijeant, and one Dally pay to

trumpeter or drummer in ev$ry fuch troop or company, 1 feijeant 1 (hall be entitled to receive permanent or daily pay, to be	°r

appointed in like manner, during the continuance of fuch

troop or company.

III.	And be it further enafted, That neither fuch enrol- Such perfon* ment nor the receiving of pay, or allowances as aforefaid, p°ovifionsVf° (hall fubjeft any perkm fo enrolled, or receiving pay, to mutiny s&. military difeipline or duty, or to .the provifions of any aft

for punching mutiny and defertion.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if the officer com-

manding any fuch troop or company as aforefaid, (hall dif- Up arms,°&tTe

charge from fuch troop or company any perfon ; or if any after being dif-

perfon (hall withdraw from fuch troop or company, who' charged or with*

(hall have been enrolled as aforefaid, and if fuch perfon (hall dra^m, forfeit

refufe or negleft, on being required by fuch commanding

officer to deliver up any arms, accoutrements, or clothing*

which (hall have been entrufted to his cuftody, every perfon

fo refufing or neglefting, (hall, on being convifted thereof

before any juftice of the peace of the county* within which

fuch trbop or company (hall have been formed, forfeit and

pay the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and

fale of the offender's.goods and chattels, by warrant under

the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if

any) on demand, after dedufting the charges of fuch dif-	,

trefs and fale, to the perfon whofe goods and chattels (hall

have been fo diftrained and fold; and for want of fuch

fufficient diftrefs, fuch juftice is hereby required to-commit

fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, city, or

place where the offence (hall have been committed, for any

time not exceeding fix months ; the monies arifiug by fuch

penalty, to be applied by the commanding officer to replace

fuch arms, accoutrements, or clothing, and the overplus (if

any) to form a ftock-purfe for the ufe of fuch ttoop or

company.	^

V.	And be it farther enafted, That if any fuch troop or If troops, <* company (hall, in cafe of invafioi, rebellion, or infurreftion, c°mpamea, m or the appreheufion thereof, voluntarily offer to aft as a Scoffer to ^ military corps, and to do duty as fuch, or to march wherever fcrvc as military it (hall be ordered, within this kingdom, during the con- corps, and fign 'iiauaneo fuch mvafion, rebellion* or infurreftion, or the	(haUbe

A 2	apprehenfion	titicdtofoU

-	pay,	&c.

Cotirts*mar-tial to be com-pofed of officers fenring in fuch corps only*

Eiiabled offi-^rs entitled to half-pny, privates to Kil-matnliam; pen-fions to widows of officers killed.

Perfons enrolled not obliged to ferve in militia, &c.

Tho following oath of alleei-once to be taken by perfons en-toUcd, &c.

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

apprehenfion thereof, every perfon therein, who (hill teftify fuch his offer, by putting his name thereto, (hall, upon fuch offer being accepted by his Majefty, or the chief gover-nor or governors of this kingdom, be entitled, if a coramif-fioned officer, to receive the fame pay as officers of like nmk receive in his Majefty’s regular forces, and( if a ferjeant, trumpeter, drummer, or private, the fame pay daily as on the days of exercife, and each be fubjeft, while he (hall be fo entitled, and at no other time, nor on any other ground or pretence to the like military difcipline as his Majefty’s regular and militia forties -during the time he (hall have fo offered for, and no longer.

VI.	Provided always, That no officer or foldier of any fuch corps, fhall be liable to be tried by any court-martial, unlefs fuch court-martial be compofcd entirely 6f officers ferving in corps forced as aforefaid, fuch courts-martial to be affembled by wyrant from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or by warrant from fome general or other officer duly authorized to order courts-martial to be holdcn.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all commiffioned officers of fuch troops or companies, who fhall be difabled in a&ual fervice, (hall be entitled to halfpay, and all non-commiffioned officers, privates, trumpeters, and drummers, to the benefit of the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainham, and the widows of commiffioned officers killed in the fervice, to fuch penfion for life, as is ufually given to the widows of officers of like rank in his Majefty’s regular forces.

VIII.	And be it enabled, That no perfon who fhall be enrolled in any fuch troop or company, as aforefaid, fhall during the time he is ferving in fuch corps, be liable to ferve perlonally, or to provide a fubftitute to ferve in the militia, provided he fhall produce to the deputy governors affembled at a fub-divifion meeting, an affidavit of his being enrolled as aforefaid, and a certificate figned by his commanding officer, that he has for the fpace of fix weeks immediately preceding fuch divifional meeting, pun&ually attended at all fuch times and places as may have been appointed for the exercife thereof, unlefs prevented therefrom by ficknefs, which fteknefs fhall be dated in fuch certificate, and verified by oath.

IX.	And be it further cna&cd, That every perfon who fhall have entered into any fuch troop or company before the paffmg of this fhall within ten days after the paflingj thereof, or at fuch other near and convenient time as (Hall be appointed by fiis commanding officer, and every other

perfoA

l

J

The thirty feventb Tear of George IIL

perfon who Hi all hereafter enroll himfelf in any fuch troop or company, (hall at the time he (hall enroll himfelf, take and fubferibe the following oath or affirmation of allegiance.

S

A. D.

I	dofncerely promifr and/wear,	or Oath.

affirm, that I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his Majefty king George the third, and that I <ujill faithfully fup-port and maintain the laws and conflitution of this kingdom, and the fuccejffon to the throne-in his majefty*s iuufrious houfe.

So help me God*

Every which oath any magiftrate is hereby empowered to adminifter, and the commanding officer (hall tranfmit the	1

fame to his Majcily’s war-office without delay, to be en- * rolled From thence in his Majefty’s court of chancery.

X.	And be it further enadled, That if any officer (hall Officer re-

admit or retain in his troop or company, any perfon who foB^ho^efu^t" (hall ncgle& to take and fubferibe the fame, or who upon to take and fub-being required thereto by him, (hall refufe to take and lub- feribe luch oath, feribe it, he (hall upon due convi&ion thereof in. -any court	3°°1*

of record, be iined for every fuch offence in the fum of five ncrcm* hundred pounds, one-half thereof to be paid to the informer,

aqd the other half to the treafurer of the infirmary of the county, town, or city, in which bis troop or company (hall be appointed to afiemble, for the uf£ of fuch infirmary.

XI.	And be it enabled, That no eonftable or peace-officer°g *3™ appointed, or paid in purfuance of an paffed in the twenvfiot admiflibleT ty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty reign, entitled, An ,

ad for the better execution of the law, and trefervation of the	#

peace within counties at large,: (hall be admiifiblc into any fuch troop or company.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed. That this a& (hall con- ^ofce **

tinue to the end of the prefent war, and no longer,	tnd	waff#

*

CHAP. XVIII.

An Ad to prevent Exa&ions upon the Sale of Salt*

WHEREAS it is neccflary for the benefit of the poor, to prevent exa&ions upon the fale of fait in this kingdom, and to have the rates and prices thereof ascertained; be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the adviee and confent oT the lords fpiritual .and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affetnbled, and by the authority of the feme, That the lord mayor and court I	of

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

of ■ldermen of the city of Dublin, (hall and may, and are hereby required, in the court of aldermen, within the city* of Dublin, on or before the firft day of May, in the year of our lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, fet, afeertain, and publifh in writing, and in the publick newf-jLoro jvia or PaP€r8> certain reafonable rates and prices upon all-fait of IufticeTYc.r,for every kind and denomination, to be fold or expofed to fale trice of	after	the	faid	firft	day	of May, in the city of Dublin, or

within the liberties or precin&s thereof; and that the jufticcs of peace for the feveral counties within the kingdom of Ireland, (hall and may (and arc hereby required on or before the firft day of June, in the year of our lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, at the refpedlive quarter feflions, or at the quarter feflions to be next held after the paffing of thisa&,) let, afeertain, and duly publifh in writing, in the manner and place moft convenient for the publick, certain reafonable rates and prices upon all fait to be fold, or expofed to falc after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, or after the date of the faid quar-ter fcfliOns within the faid counties ; and that the lord mayor of Dublin, and the court of aldermen, in th? court of al-deimen, and that the faid juft ices of the peace of the re-fpe&ive counties, at the refpe&ive qnarter-feflions thereafter held, (hall and may, and are hereby requiied, from time to time, if neceffary, by writing duly made and publifhed as •'	aforefaid,	alter	and	correft	the	rates	and	prices of all fait to

be fold, or expofed to falc, in the faid rtfpe&ive places; which rates and prices which (hall be fo fet and afeertained, or altertd and corre&ed, are hereby ena&ed ?nd required to be obferred and received by all and every perfon or perfons felling or expofing to fale any fait within the kingdom of Ireland ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall fell any fait at any higher price or rate, or refute to fell any fait at the prices and rates fa fixed as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds fterling, to be levied out of the goods and chat-> tels of fuch offender or offenders, by diftrefs and fale thereof* by warrant under the hand and fcal of the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or of any juftice or juftices of the peace for the place or places wherein fuch offence (hall be committed,, or diftrefs (hall be to be made; and in default of fuflicient diftrefs for the fame, it (hall and may be lawful by warrant under the hand and fcal from the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or fiom any juftice of the peace as aforefaid, to im-prifon the faid offender or offenders, until fuch offender or offenders (hall pay the faid fum of ten pounds fterling, one moiety of which fum of ten pounds is hereby ena&ea to be paid to the ufe of the poor in the parilh in which the faid

offence

Powers granted to

x/r____

The thirtyfeventk Tear of George III.	7

offence (hall have been committed, and the other moiety A. D. thereof, to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall inform 1797. and profecute for the fame, before the faid lord mayor of Dublin, or the faid refpe&ive ju Rices as aforefaid.

11. Provided always, That no proprietor or owner of fait Perfons not works, no maker, refiner, or importer of falt^ no dealer in cbgMe to aft* fait whatfoever, or perfon having any intereft in, or any rent, profit, or benefit referved upon iffuing out of, or any ways arifing by any fait-works, ftore-houfes, or other places made ufis of by any maker, refiner, importer, or wholefale dealer in fait, (hall a& as ajuftice of the peace, infetting or afeer* taining the rates or prices of fait, according to this a61, or in any matter or thing relating to this adt, or any offence committed agaiuft the (ame.

CHAP. XIX*

An A3 to explain and amend the Laws now in Force, relating	, .

to the Militia of this Kingdom.	q	*

WHEREAS feveral amendments and alterations are General meet-ncccflary to be made jn the laws relating to the mi- ingsofgovcr-litia of this kingdom ; be it enadled by the King’s moll ex- sors, to bchelfl, cellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confe.it of th$ as lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefen^ parliament aflcmblcd, That a general meeting of the gover* nors and deputy-governois of every'county, or county of 3 town, or city, of this kingdom, (hall be held within ten days after the pafiing of this a&, and that at fuch meeting, the governors, or deputy-governors, or the majority of them,

(hall divide their county mto fuch fub divifions as they (hall’ nidge moft convenient, for effectually carrying the militia laws into execution, if it (hall not have been theretofore divided for that purpofc, or if it (hall have been theretofore fo divided, that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch governor^ and deputy-governor?, or the majority of them, to alter or change the fub-divifions before made, ar. they may tfiiuk proper; and at fuch firft meeting, the faid governors, and deputy, governors, or the majority of them, (hall appoint a convenient place and time, not more diftant than fourteen days, or fooner than eight day$t for 3 meeting ip every fub-divifion, and they (hall alio iffue their commands in writing to the feveral high or chiyf conftables, or \vhe$e the^e (hall not be a high or chief conftahle, to fome other peace officer, or to the collector of the publick cefs in each barony, or in the (pqnty of a topm, or city, requiring each of them toiffuc

an

Digitized by Google

8.	The	thhiyjeventh	Tear §f George III*

A. D. an ordery tinder his hand, to all conibbles, or Jther officer9 1797.	of every parifh or place within his diftrift, to make out fair

Chap. 19.	and true lifts of all male perfons ufually, or at the time, refi-

- dent or dwelling within fuch parifh or place, between the age of eighteen ana forty-five years, diftinguifhing the profefTion, trade, or occupation of each ; and when the true name of any fuch perfon cannot be procured, fetting down his common appellation, which .(hall he fufficient, and alfo diftinguifhing fuch as labour under.any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from ferving as militia-men; and to return the fame to the meeting, appointed as aforefaid, to be held in the fub-divifion where fuch parifh .nr place is fituated refpeftively, verifying upon oath, at the foot thereof, that he has formed the faid lift or lifts, fairly, honeftly, and impartially, without ftvour, aft’eftion, or malice, towards any perfon, and that he had ufed his heft endeavours to difeover the names of all the male inhabitants of the parifh or diftrift for which he has made a return, and that the name of every perfon whom he difeovered to be dwelling, or refident within fuch parifh or place, and who is liable and required by law to be inferted therein, is inferted therein.

Powers of	II. Proved always, and be it enafted, That if in any

clerks of	county, county of a town or city, fuch general meeting fhau

1	eace, &c.	not	within the time aforefaid, the clerk of the peace

for every fuch county, (hall within fix days after the expiration of fuch time, make divifions of the county, if not already divided, appoint times and places for fub-divifional meetings, and iffue orders for making out, and returning lifts in manner aforefaid, every which divifion, appointment, or order, (hall be as valid to all intents and purpofes, as if it had been made at a general meeting, held within the time pre-feribed by this aft, as aforefaid.

High eonflft- HI. And provided alfo, and be it enafted, That if in hies, fee. may any parifh or place, there /hall be no confbble, or other offi-appomt eonfta- ccr> or flu:h other officer, /hall refufe to receive or obey the ts, as herein. 0r<jcr which (hall be given to him as aforefaid, t* make out the lifts, the chief or high-conftable, or other peace-officer, or colleftor, receiving the command, as aforefaid, (hall appoint a fit and proper perfon to a A as conftable therein, for the purpofe of executing this aft, and no other.

Duty of gov. IV. And be it further enafted, That the governors, and ^c*	deputy-governors, at each fub-divifional meeting, appointed

as aforefaid, (hall immediately proceed thereat, to enquire into the fitnefs for fervice, ot all perfons named in the lifts returned to them, and feltft their frames, and hear fuch ob-V-’ftions as (hall be made on the part of fuch as they fhallfo lelcft, and in making fuch enquiry and feltftion, it (hall be lawful to and for fuch governors, and deputy-governors, to

examine

Tbetbirtffeventh Tear rf George IIL

examine upon oath, which oaths, as alfo the oath to be taken by the perfon making the return, they, or any of them are hereby required and empowered to admirofter 5 and when fuch lifts (hall be fo prepared by fuch enquiry, and fe-le&ion, they (hall appoint a day and place for their next meeting, to receive appeals, fuch meeting to be held at a day not more diftant than ten, or fooner than fix days, and the clerk of the meeting (hall forthwith deliver copies of the lifts fo made, refpeftively, to the feveral conftables, or other perfons, who refpeftively returned the general lifts, to be by them affixed without delay on the outfide of the door of every church, and other place of divine worfhip, in the pa-rirti or place for which (aid lift was made, or at the ufnal place or places therein for polling notices within fuch parifh or diftrift, fpecifying at the foot thereof, the day and place appointed for the next meeting, and (hat all perfons who think themfelves aggrieved, by the infertion of their names, or by the omiflion of the names of others in fuch lifts, may then appeal, and that no appeal will be afterwards received.

V And be it further enabled, That at every fub.divifion	,,

meeting, for hearing appeals, the perfons prefiding (hall en- ° quire upon oath into the allegations of every perfon, who P * (hall appear perfonally to fupport his appeal, or on whole behalf, if he be Tick, or abfent, an appeal (hall be brought, w'hich oath they or any of them are hereby empowered to adminifter, and they (hall ftrike out of the lift every perfon wrho (hall appear to them, to be unfit to ferve, or to be le« g-illy exempted from ferving, and they (hall lrkew ife infert ira fuch lift, the name of any perfon who it (ball appear to them ought to be inferted therein, and (hall have been omitted, and they (hall appoint a meeting to be held within ten days, and not fooner than eight days, for the puipofc of cltoofing, by ballot, the number of perfoi-s to be fumifhed from fuch fub-divifion to the militia, and they (hall forthwith return to the clerk of the general meeting, a certificate,

^under their hands, of the number of men contained in the lift, of every parifti, or place, after every fuch amendment thereof, for the ufe of the general meeting, and they (hall likewife fend to the clerk of the peace, a full and accurate copy of «very fuch amended lift, under their hands and feals, coun-terfigned by the clerk of the meeting, to be by him filed, and kept among the records of the county, which copy (hall he of equal authenticity for every lawful purpofe* refpefting the militia, atrd of all proceedings and a&s to be done under this, or any aft, for raihng* embodying, or regulating, or

otherwife

■1

Perfon* pre-

lO

fbe tbhrtyfcventb Tear rf George III.

A. D.

1797-Chap. 19.

General meeting* to be fummoned, at herein.

Commanding officer*to fur-xu ih aceouuts of name* of persons ferving, and for what places, Zee.

Perfons ferv-i»g to be fet down to credit •f parifli, Sec.

otherwife refpe&ing the militia, as the original, in cafe the original (hall be loft, effaced or miflatd.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That a general meeting' of the governors, and deputy-governors, of every county, refpe6tively, (hall be fummoned by the clerk of the general meetings, immediately on his receiving fuch certificates, or any of them, to be held within feven days thereafter, and not fooner than four days, for the pnrpofe, apportioning the number of the militia-men, to be raifed on the feveral fub divifions, parities, or places, and the perfons who (hall prefide at fuch meeting, or in eafe no fuch perfons fltali appear to prefide there, the clerk of the peace, or in his ab-fence the derkof fuch general meetiug, (hall appoint what number of men (hall be the quota or proportion for each pa-rifh, or place, to furnifh or keep fupplied to the militia of the county, apportioning the whole number of the militia, non commiffioned officers, and drummers included, as nearly as may be, to the numbers contained in the certified lifts of each parifh or place, and the ckrk of fuch meeting {hall forthwith give notice thereof \o the feveral fub-divifional clerks, who (hall enter and file the fame, for the ufe of their refpe6li*$ fub-^ivjfions, and he (hall alfo give a copy thereof, ,figned by himfelf, to the clerk of the peace, to be by him filed, and kept among the records of faid county.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That every commanding-officer of a regiment, or battalion of militia, (hall, within twenty-one days after the paffing of this ad, or a6 often as he (ball be required fo to do, by any deputy-governor, ftnd to the clerk of the peace of the county, county of a town o* city, to which his militia belongs, a full and accurate account of the names of all non-commiffioned officers, drummers, end privates, ferving at the time in his regiment og battalion, Specifying the feveral parifhes or places for which each man ferves, or is fet down to ferve, as far as it lias come to his knowledge ; a copy of which lift the clerk of the peace (hall forthwith deliver to the clerk of the general? meetings, to be by him filed, and prieferved for the ufe of the governor, or deputy-governors,

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the perfoos wh<* (hall prefide at the general-meeting, which (hall be held by virtue of this ad, for the purpofe of apportioning the militia, or if no governor, or deputy-governor (hall appear, the clerk of the peace, or in his abfence the deikof the general-meetings, (hall fet down to the credit of each parifli or place, all fuch men in the (aid account, as (hall appear from it, or other fufficicnt Documents, to be ferving for the fyioc* and (hall likewife fet down to fuch credit, the names of as many other men, Contained in faid account, as (ball be equal

Digitized by Google

XI

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

to the number of Turns of fix pounds, often pounds, which A. D. (hall appear to have been paid to *he ftock-purfe of the regi- 1797-ment or battalion, by, or on account of fuch parifh or Chap. 19. place, purfuant 'to the provifions of an a6f paffed in this kingdom, In the thirty-fifth year of his prelent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft to explain anil amend an act, faffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his frefent Maje/ly, entitled.

An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in Ireland1

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the remaining men Manner of (hall be divided by lot among the feveral parifhes> and difpof,ng nf t^ places aforefaid, within the county, county of a town, or remaining men, city, in manner following, that is to fay, the perfbn pne- by lot.

Tiding at fuch meeting, or in cafe none (hall appear to pre-

fide, the clerk of the peace, or in his abfence the clerk of the general meetings, (hall caufe the. names of all the men, fo remaining in the faid lift, after all fucli credit being given, fairly written on diftinA pieces of paper, being as near as may be all of equal fizc, and foiled up in the lame manner, to be put into a box, and they (hall alfo caufe the names of the (everal parifhes or places, on which any ap-pbrtionment (hall have been made of the number of men to be furnifhed to the militia, fairly written on diftin& pieces of parchment, or paper, being as near as may be all of equal iize, and rolled up in the fame manner, to be put into another box, and they, or he, as the cafe may be,

(hall caufe one indifferent, perfon, publickly and fairly, to draw a roll out of one box, and one other indifferent perfon to draw in like manner a roll out of the other box, and the name of the perfon fo drawn out of the one box, fhall be immediately fet down to the credit of the parifh, or place fo drawn out of the other box, and the roll, containing the name of fuch parifh or place, fhall be again returned into its box, rolled up in li ce manner as before, and fo the faid drawing of the rolls fhall be continued, by drawing one out of each box at a- time, always fhaking each box before each drawing, until all the names contained in the firft box (hall be completely drawn, and fet down to the credit -of the parifh or place refpc&ively, with which they (hall be drawn.

X.	Provided always, That fo foon, during fuch drawing, Name trot put

as there fhall be fet down to the credit altogether of any in when full parifh or place, the full number of the quota it is to fumifh,	^wa.

its name (hall not be again put into the box, until the whole

of the drawing (hall be over.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That the clerk of the general meetings, (hall, at the fame time that he fends notice to any fub-divifional clerk of the quota or proportion

Digitized by

Google

Clerk to fend m lift of men fet to credit at feme time with notice, &c. at herein.

When vacancies happen, meetings he Id, to provide others by ballot.

Sub-divifiooal sneetingt to be held at herein.

The thirtj-JemcnA Tear George III.

of mm which each paWfh or phefc in his fub-divifion it to furnifh and keep fuppVied to the militia, (hall fend a copy of the names of the levenl men fet down to the eredit of Och fuch parifh or place, fpecifying, oppofite to each name, the diftinA caufe of fuch credit; and every fub-divifional 'clerk (hall, refpe&ively, lay fuch copy before the fub-divisional meeting which (hall next meet for the pui pofe of taking a ballot; and at every fuch meeting, the perfon or perfons prefiding at fuch fub-divifional meeting, (hall forthwith caufe the number of men which each parifh or place (hall appear by fuch copy to be deficient of the quota whith faid pari(h or place ought to furnifh, to be forthwith chofen by ballot, in manner following, that is to fay, the names of all the perfons contained in the aforefaid lift, for fuch- parifh or place, (hall be fairly written on diftio£t pieces of paper, being as near as may be of equal fizc, and rolled up in the fame nianner, aad put into a. box* cafe, or bag, by the clerk, and thereout the names fhall be impartially drawn by one of the perfons prefiding, or fome indifferent perfon, until the whole number deficient fhall be drawn.

XII.	And be it further cna&ed, That as often as any vacancies (hall happen in any regiment or battalion of militia, by death, defertipn or difeharge, the clerk of the peace (hall within feven days, after he (hall receive air account thereof, under the hand of the officer commanding the regiment or battalion, give notice thereof to the clerk of the fubdivifion, in which the parilh or place where the perfon who ha3 occafioned fuch vacancy (hall have been (let down to ferve for is fitusted, and fuch clerk (hall furomon a meeting of the fnb-divifion, to bu held within feven days, to provide a man to ferve in his room, and a man (hall at fucb meeting be chofen by ballot, to be held in manner herein before preferibed.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the perfons prefiding at everj fub-divifional meeting for balloting, whether the lame be for fupplying any deficiency of men, or filling up any vacancy, (hall appoint another meeting of the fub-divifion, to be held within feven and not fponer than four days, and (hall caufe notice thereof to be given to each perfon drawn by the ballot, requiring him to appear at fuch ether meeting, and (hew caufe, if any he can, why he (hould be excufcd, or there to enrol himfelf or produce a fufficient fubftitute; who (hall be approved of and enrolled; fuch notice to be left at his place of abode, two days at the lead before the day of his appearance, or in cafe he (hall have no place of abode, or the fame cannot be difeovered, fuch notice to be affixed on the door of the chuich, and other places of ditine worfhip, and in all places where notices are. ufuaily

polled

.Digitized by

Google

The tbirty-fiventh Tear of George III.	I]

\ *,

polled in fach diftri& orparirti, two days sit lead, before tbe A. D. day for his appearance ; aqdatfhe (hall not appear, and proof i 797. (hall be made upon oath of fuch notice having been given or Chap. (*9. affixed, and no fufficient caufe on oath (hall be given for his f.QQt appearing, or if ^he (hallnot be excufed when he (hall fo appear, or produce a fubftitute, as aforefaid, he (hall be adjudged liable to &r?e, and ferve accordingly.

XIV.	And to prevent the militia fervice frony fuffi-ring by balloted men not appearing, purfuant-to ‘notice as aforcr

faid; be it ena&ed, That on the non-appearanca pf arjy per- When perlbnt fon drawn by ballot as aforefaid, notice having been given or drawn do not affixed as aforefaid, and qo fubftitute as aforefaid being pro-. °“ier# duced, the perfon or perlons presiding (hall immediately proceed to choofe another to ferve "in his place, and fo from time to time on every day appointed for the appearance of the perfon fo drawn not appearing, until a fufficient man (hall be enrolled.

XV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That every p€rf#n» chofco, perfon chofen at any time by ballot, as aforefaid, who (hall who do not ap-not, as aforefaid, be excufed from ferving, or produce a P<ar> &c* fiacd fubftitute, which fubditutc (hall be approved off and en- “ hcren. rolled, who (hall not immediately enrol himfelf, and join the

regiment or battalion, (hall be liable to ferve, notwithftand-ing another perfon may have been chofen in his room, and it (hall be lawful for any magi ft rate to iffue his warrant for apprehending him, in like manner, and with like authority as for apprehending a deferter, and upon convi&ion on oath, before any magiftrate, that fuch perfon was balloted to ferve in the militia, and not excufed, he (hall be fined in the fum erf five pounds^ and in cafe of non-payment thereof, the fame may be levied by diftrefs off his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch magiftrate, or he may be committed to the common gaol of the county, if he (hall be apprehended, there to remain for the fpace of fix months, or until the commanding-officer (haU defire that he may be fent to the regiment or battalion, and the like reward (hall be paid for apprehending him a9 for apprehending a deferter, and he (hall be deemed a deferter, and fuffer as fuch.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if it (hall appear Petfonsdra*n,

to any juftice of the peace, governor,, or deputygovernor, &c. iliall bc^ that any perfon, drawn by a ballot, is not a leftec of any J?oun<i with land or lands, in the fub-divifion in which he (hall be drawn	a°*“

for years, life or lives, it (hail be lawful for him to iffue his

warrant for bringing fuch perfon before him, and to bind * him, together with one fufficient furety, in the fum of twenty pounds, for his appearance at the next fub-divifionai meeting, and from meeting to meeting, until he (hall be

difeharged.

Perfons who hi I to attend, aid afterwards appear, Ate. ft ill be enrolled, as herein.

Pbwer of governors, and dcp. governors, to appoint meetings, as herein.

Veftries to he held for aflcf&ng ttwxcj as herein.

The tbirtjfeventh Tear of George IIL

difeharged, or enrolled, and if he (hall refufe to be fo bound, or (hall negleft to find fuch furety, fuch juftice is hereby required to order the clerk of the fub-divHion, to enrol his name, and he (hall be delivered over, without delay, to the proper officer of the militia, to ferve the period of four years, or fuch further term as a man drawn by ballot (hall be bound to ferve.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That if any per-fon fo drawn by ballot, and failing to appear, (hall afterwards voluntarily appear, at a time when the militia is complete, he (hall be immediately enrolled, and (hall be bound m the fum of twenty pounds, and (hall find a fufficient furety, to be bound in the fum of ten pounds, for his appearance, and joining the militia whenever there (hall be a vacancy, or he (hall be required by the commanding-officer or clerk of the fub-divifion to join, and his time of fervice (hall commence from the day of his joining; and if he (hall fo fail to bind himfelf, or to find luch furety, he (hall be committed by any magiftrate, governor, or deputy governor to the common gaol or the county, there to remain until he (hall fo bind himfelf, and find fuch furety, or until he (hall be fent to the regiment or battalion to ferve therein.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any general, or fub-divifional meeting (hall be omitted to be held, purfu-ant to the provifions of this aft, a meeting may, in lieu thereof, be held at fuch time or place as (hall be appointed for the purpofe, by notice in writing, figned by any governor, or two deputy governors, and all fuch meetings, and all meetings of governors, or deputy governors may adjourn as they find expedient, for the execution of this aft, and (hall cxercifc the like powers; and all afts done thereat, (hall be deemed as valid to all intents and purpofes, as if done at meetings held in manner, and at the times heretofore refpec-tively enabled; and no aft, matter or thing, done at any general or fub-divjfional meetings, or at fuch adjournment, (hall be impeached, or deemed invalid for want of form, in the manner or time of fuch meeting being held.

XIX.	^\nd in order to prevent inconvenience to individuals from balloting, be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the inhabitants of any parifti, at a veftty held for the purpofe, of which feven days publick notice (nail be given, and which veftry, every reftor, vicar, curate, or churchwarden, it hereby reejuireito fiimmon at the defire of any two inhabitants, to raife by afiefiment, to be levied on the parifli, fuch fums as they (hall find neceflary for providing one or more perfons to ferve in the militia, in the place of thofe whom fuch pari(h (hall be bound to fumifli, either to make up any deficiency, or to fill up any vacancy; and to

appoint

Vacancies,

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

appoint one or more perfonS to apply fiich fums in providing them, and all fuch (hall be forthwith railed and levied, in like manner, and by all fuch means, powers, and authorities, and with all fuch remedies in cafe of any refufal or omiilion to pay the lame, as any parifh cefs may by law be raifod and levied.

XX.	And whereas it is provided by the above recited a&, palTed in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, that every vacancy of any perfon for whom any parilh or town-land (hall have paid the fum of fix pounds, or on which the funa of ten pounds fhall have been levied for the deficiency of any militia man, fhall be Idled at the expence of the itock-purfe of the regiment or battalion, during the time the militia fhall continue embodied ; be it ena&ed, That on the	.

vacancy of any perfon who fhall be fet down to the credit ^c* of any parifh or place, on account of fuch parifh or place cd M a* having paid the fum of fix pounds, or ten pounds in lieu of providing him; and alfo on every vacancy which fhall happen by the death, defertion, or difeharge of any perfon from time to time enlifted, to fill up fuch vacancy, until the militia fhall be difembodied, a proper and fufficient perfon fhall be provided to ferve at the expence of the ftock purfe as aforefaid ; and in order to enable the ftock purfe to bear the expence thereof, it fhall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to order ana dire& from time to time, fuch fum or fums as may appear to him or them neceflary for that purpofe, on due enquiry into the management and expenditure of the ftock purfe, to be paid thereto by any of the colle&ors of his Majefty’s revenue, or out of any of the aids and fupplies which fhall be granted to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors; and every fum fo paid by any colle&or,

(hall be allowed to every fuch colle&or in his accounts.

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That all conftables, and pM other perfon a concerned in the execution of this a&, fhall cemed^n^cu-be entitled to, and receive refpe&ively the feveral fums to tton of this a a", which they are by law entitled, or which they may receive fhall receive the under the provifions of the aforefaid a&', palled in the thirty- fums they are fifth year of his. prefent Majefty’s reign; and that if any J^11.	w>»	u

clerk of the peace, fhall, in any county, of county of a c c * town or city, negle& or omit to do any a& which by this a & he is required to do, no presentment fhall be made or ^ated at any aftizes in fuch county, county of a town or c?ty, or at any term, if in the county or city of Dublin, for any money to be paid to him.

XXIL And be it further cna&cd, That if anyconfta*

We, or ether officer, fhall neglc& or refufe to make! or re-

urq

Conftable rtegle&ing duty (hill forfeit iol. a« herein.

Recognizances to he entered into, 5cc. as herein.

Payment to clerks as herein.

Prefcntments, dec. as herein.

Tie thirty fewnii Tear of George 111.

turn the lift or lifts, which by this aft he (hall be required to do, and be thereof convifted by his own confeffion, or on the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, he (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be levied on his goods and chattels, under the warrant of fuch juftice,- or in default thereof, he (hall be committed to gaol, there to remain for the fpace of fix months, or until fuch fum (hqll be paid.

XXII I. And in order to prevent unneceffary expellee iu the execution of this aft, be it further enafted. That every clerk of a general or fub-divilional meeting, (hall, before he be entitled to receive any payment purfuant to faid recited afts, or either of them, feverally enter into recognizance before a juftice of the peace, which recognizance every juftice is hereby empowered to take, the clerk of the general meeting in the fum of fifty pounds, and the clerk of a fub-divifional meeting in the fum of thirty pounds, conditioned that he (hall duly and diligently attend his duty as clerk for one year from the date thereof, and that in every order to the colleftor of his Majefty’s revenue for payment to any clerk, his having entered into fuclr recognizance (hall be certified, or fuch order (hall be void and of no effeft.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That no clerk of any general meeting (hall be entitled to receive, in any one year, more than fifteen giihVas, nor any clerk of any fub-divifional meeting more than twenty guineas, from the collectors of his Majefty’s revenue, for his attendance at meetings, any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And in order to make compcnfation to the clerk

of the peace, and the clerk of fub-divifional meetings, for the additional trouble impoled on them by this aft, be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for alligrand juries at aftizes, and for the grand juries of the couuty and city of Dublin, at prefenting terms, to prefent to be raifed off the county at large, and paid to the. clerk of the peace, for his trouble in the execution of the militia laws, any fum not exceeding twenty pounds a year, over and above all other fums which by law they are now empowered to prefent to be paid to him, and to prefent to be raifed in like manner, and paid to fuch clerk of a fub-divifional meeting, a fum after the rate of fix (hillings for every one hundred names of perfons contained in the amended lift, made under the provifions of this aft, for the fub-divifion of which he (hall be clerk,	/

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all fums which the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of

^	this

The thirty feventh Tear of George 111.

this kingdom, (hall direft any Collector of his Majefty’s revenue to pay to the colonel, or major commandant of any regiment or battalion of militia, for the pnrpofe of re-enlift* ing militia-men, whofe time of fervice is to expire before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, purfuant to a vote of the houfe of commons, of the feventh of February, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, every fuch colle&or is hereby authorized and required to pay ; and all fums fo paid, (hall be allowed to him in his account.

XXVII.	And whereas fuch re-enlifting will fave much expence and inconvenience to the county, which would other-wife be obliged to provide men to ferve in the place of the men fo re-emifting, if their period of fervice were to be fuffered to expire, and it is therefore juft and reafonable that the expence thereof fhoulJ be reimburfed to his Ma* jelly’s revenue by each county fo benefited; be it further cna&fd, That the names of the perfons who (hall have re-enlifted, or (hall re-enlift under the provifions of the fitid vote, with the dates of their re-enliftment, and amount of bounty paid to each, (hall from time to time be delivered to the feveral clerks of the crown, by the proper officer of his Majefty's treafury, to be by him laid before the court at the feveral aflizes, and in the county and city of Dublin at the prefenting terms, and that each coun (hall give the fame in charge to the grand jury, to piefent the fums neceflary for rcimburfing the expence thereof, the fame to be raifed on the county at large, and paid to the receiver general, which preferment every grand jury is hereby authorized and required to make; and in cafe the grand jurv of any county, county of a town or city, at any affizes or prefenting term, (hall negleft or omit to make f ich prefent* merit, then, and in fuch cafe, the treafurer of fuch county, county of a town or city, (hall, and he is hereby required to add in the warrant which he (hall iflue to levy the fums prefented at fuch aflizes, or prefenting term, to be railed off the county at large, all fuch fume of money as (hall be neceflary for re-imburfing his JViajefty’s revenue, as aforc-fafd.

XXVI II. And whereas, contrary to the juft and ren-fonable intention declared in the find a&, pnfled in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majeftv, that all his Majefty’s fubje6fs flhrruld contribute equally "towards tire cxoence of rainng and fupporting a militia for the defence of this kingdom, the appointed number have not been raiftd in fome counties, and in others vacancies have not been filh dwithin the time they ought to have been ; and bv the continuance

Vol. XL	ft	of

Cotieitors to pay fum», 6c c. ai herein.

Name* of perfons who re-cn-lift, 6cc fhrII be delivered ro ch rk* of peace, a* herein.

igitize' y



thirty feventh Tear of George III.

of fuch omiffions, the ftrength propofed for the defence of the kingdom, may be rendered uncertain, and become in-fufficient; for remedy thereof, be it ena&ed, That every-commanding officer fhall and he is hereby required to tranf-Comniamlihg mit to the treafurer of his county, fome time within one ^^ahjrcr^an mon:k> previous to each affixes thereof, or if to the trea-accouftt of men ^urer of the county or city of Dublin, within one month wanting, 6cc. as previous to each prefenting term, an account (igned by him* herein.	felf, of the number of non-commiffioned officers and private*

wanting to complete his regiment, or battalion, and how long each vacancy has continued, and for what parifti or £lace, w-hich aeeount the treafurer is to caufe to be entered m the fchedule of the affidavits, which is by law to be laid before the judge of affize, and the grand jury to ground prefentments on, and the farf. accounts fhall be read aloud in open court at the affizes, or terms as the cafe may be, in prefence of the grand jury, and the court (hall thereupon dirc& the	treafurer,	in- iflurng his warrant for levying	the

public cefs	to diredi	a further fum, after the rate of	five

pounds for each deficiency or vacancy, which (hall then appear by the faid account to have continued for three months, to be levied off the parifli or place where fuch deficiency or vacancy (hall have been, or off the county at large, as the court (hall in its wifdom think proper; luch fum, when levied, to be paid and applied as the fine of five-pounds a year, for every private man deficient, is by the faid recited a cl, to be paid and applied, and to be in lieu of fuch fine.

MIKth-mcn XXIX.	Provided	always, That no peffon redding,	or

and yeomen,Sec.	having any	eftate within any fuch county, county of a	city

hereinPt* 01 tcnvn* or an7 P®1* thereof, in which fuch fum fhall be 1	*	ordered	to	be levied, who fliall be a&ually ferving as an

officer or private in any body of militia, raifed in this kingdom, or ci rps of yeomanry, fhall be liable to pay any part or there of fuch fum, if he (hall have delivered upon oath to the treafurer of the eftunty wherein he (hall claim an exemption, a certificate of fuch his fervice, and a roll or lift of '.he lar.ds in hib actual occupation at the time, a copy of which certificate each treafurer (hall deliver, together with the warrant, in order that fuch lands of fuch perfon, fo certified, may not he ajjefied for faid fum, nor any part thereof be levied off the faid lands.

Volunteer* to XXX. And he it further enabled, That in cafe the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time beipg, (hall dirc& the colonel, or other commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to enrol, and receive fuch vdunteers as (hall offer to ferve during the continuance of this prefent war, under the pro-

vifioac

hr r^ccivrd, to

frr-'r during w*r, therein.



The thirtyfeventh Tear of George III.

Irifions of the (aid recited aA, it (hall be lawful for him to order to be paid out of all or any of the fup plies granted this feflion of parliament^ to fueh Colonel, or other commanding officer, a fum after the rate tidt exceeding three guineas a man, for every volunteer who fhall fo enrol himfelf, and who fhall take the oath herein preferibed* not exceeding thirty men for each company, every which film (hall be applied in bounty to the faid volunteers, and (hall be duly accounted for.

XXXI.	And be it further £na&ed, That the collector of

his Majefty's revenue in this county, county of a towii, or	each

city, to which any regiment or battalion beldngs, (hall pay volunteer.

to the captain, or commanding officer of each company of that regiment or battalion, the fum of one guinea, over and *ly>vc fuch bounty, for the ufe of every volunteer Who (hall fo enroll himfelf.	.

XXXII.	And He it further enaAed, That in lieu of any Cine of two of the oaths preferibed or enabled in the faid recited a As follow oaths •r either of them, to be taken by any perfon upon his being to tallcu* enrolled to ferve in tfie militia, one or other of the following

oaths (hall hereafter be taken, that is to lay, if the performs time of fervice be not expired, and he (hall choofe to reinlift as aforefaid, or if he (hall enrol himfelf as a volunteer, under the provifions of this aA, for augmenting any com* pany of militia*

/ A. B. do fweat that I will be faithful, and bear true 0**h taken allegiance to his Majefly &*£ George the Thirds and that /	C"

will faithfully ferve in the militia within the kingdom of Ire• ^ c * land, for the defence of the fame, *during the cont'muanee of the prefent war, and for two months after its determination, unlefs I Jhall be fooner difeharged*

And if he be chofen by ballot, or ferve as a fubftitutc, or Oath of ballot, if he (hall voluntarily offer to ferve as a militia man, on the prefent eftablifiiment, and not on any augmentation which may be dircAed as aforefaid.

/ A. B. do /wear, that 1 will he faithful\ and bear fruit allegiance to his Majefly, King Grorge the Third, and that I willfaithfully ftrve in the militia within the kingdom of Ire*\ land, for the defence_ of the famei during the term of four years, and for fuch further" time as arty war in which tbit	„	'

kingdom may he engaged, at the expiration of the faid term, may continue, and for two months after the determination of fitch war, unlefs / be fooner difeharged,.

XXXIII.	And be it fahher enaAed, That if any perfon {hall have taken an oath a9 a militia man, to the purport or B a	tenor

A. D*

^797-Chap. 19.

ColleAort to

/ - z'

If any perfon hat taken an 6uth to ferve durinf? thiawar, fuch ft all be ▼a Lid.

Perfnh* fignirg any inch agree* teems to be con-diilcred aa militia men to all intents and purpose#.

Approbation •f lomlitutea ta be exprefied by Commanding officer.

All ballot *, Ac. for purpofes bi militia, lha.ll be ht Id under ttmad.

Provifibnsof former a&s, not hereby altered, Hull continue in force.

The thirty-JevenA Tear of George HI.

tenor that he will ferve during the prefent war, and for two months after it /hall have ccafcd, or (hall have figged any agreement to filch purpofe, or (hall have acknowledged by (ignature or otherwife, the receipt of any money tor fuch purpofe, fuch oath or flgnature of confcnt* or receipt, (hall be as valid to all intents and purpofes, during the period mentioned therein, as the oath preferibed by this ad, or any of the oaths direded in any of the laid recited ads to be taken

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon having taken an oath, or figned any agreement, or receipt to the foregoing purport, or taken either of the oaths in this ad Contained, (nail be deemed and taken to be an enlifted militia man, to all intents and purpofes, and (hall receive the fame pay, ai>d be entitled to tne fame allowances, and be fubjed to all the laws and regulations in force, with refped to any perfons ferving as militia men, and tlfat all and every the rules and regulations* provisions, matters and things contained in any Taws in force, for the puni(hing of mutiny and defertion, (hall be applied to, and extend in as full force to any perfon fo fworn, or who (hall be enrolled as a militia man, by virtue of this ad, as to any perfon who has been enrolled as fuch under the provifions of the faid recited ads, or either of them ; and that no fubftitute who (hall hereafter be enrolled, (hall be deemed to be approved of, under this or the faid recited ads, fo as to dilcharge the perfon for whom lit is propofed to ferve as a fubftitute, unlcfs fuch approbation (hall be ex prefled by the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, or fome proper officer by him appointed*

XXXV.	And be it further enaded. That all ballots, hereafter to be held for clioo(ii.g men to ferve in the militia, and all afleflments to be made in any parifh for the purpofe of levying money to provide men, (hall be held and made under the regulations and provifions of this prefent ad, any thing in any former ad contained to the Contrary not-withfta-iding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall exempt or be conftrued to exempt any perfon, who having been fchofen by ballot, before the pafling of this ad, (hall have negleded to be enrolled, or neglcdcd or refufed to take the oath in the faid 'ad, pafTed in the thirty-third year of his Majefty's reigU, ana to ferve in the militia, or provide a fubftitute, who (hall be approved of, and take a fubftitute’s oath, from any penalty to which he may be liable by either of the faid ads, on account of fuch his negled or refufai; but that every dau(e, pfovifion and regulation, in the faid recited ads or cither of them,

refpeding

Families of

. 79T, except as here* in.

The thhrtyfeventh Tear of George I1T.

refpe&ing fuch perfon, not hereby altered, (hall conti • nuc in force as to him, and likewife as to all pcrfon$ who lb all be drawn by ballot, under the authority of this

a6t. •

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the fa-

mily of any militia man, who (hall re-cnlid, or (hall have militia men are re-enlided, to ferve before the expiration of his term of ?'ntItlcd to fervice, and which (hall at the time be entitled to receive the	‘

allowance eftabliffied by law, fuch re-enlidment (hall be ^axt. deemed, in refpe& thereof, only a continuance of Lif

fervice, and his family (hall continue entitled to, and may receive the fame allowance, without any new certificate or document, provided that on fuch rc-enliftment he (hall not have received more than one # guinea bounty, exclufive of the guinea paid by the colledor for him to his captain qr the cOnunanding officer of his company.

XXXVIII.	And in order to limit the expence of the No allowance allowance to the families of militia men ; be it further to families enaded, That no allowance (hall be payable to the family afttr of any militia man who (hall be enrolled after the twenty- ^cut as* fifth of March, one thoufand feyen hundred and ninety- exceu feven, except he (hall he a dually chofen by ballot, or (hall re-enlift under the provifions of this ;ad, fo long as the number of famibes receiving allowances in

the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, exclufive of the families of men drawn by ballot, and of re-enliited men, (hall exceed ten families for each company.

XXXIX.	And in order to provide the treafurers of prefcntmen# counties with money in advance towards paying the allow- for fum* lor ^ aaces to the families of milrtia-ipea* be it enacted. That it rn,1,.t1!a mcD** (Hall be lawful for every grand jury, at any aflizes, to pre- c^ucdl^^pcr lent fuch fums to be raifed in advance, for payment of the company, families of militia men, as (hall appear to them to be necef-

fary, on an edimate thereof to be delivered to them by the treafurer, dating each particular of their exifting charge, the fame to be raifed on the county at large, or on the barony, as the fame (hall be dated in fiich efiimate to be chargeable, provided that the whole of the fum, fo presented in advance, (hall not exceed in any one year a ium after the rate of feventy-eight pounds for each company, of which tkc militia of fuch county (hall confid.

XL. And whereas it is expedient to remove any doubts „ SuhfKrutsi which may aiife, on the conftrudtion o? the oath preferibed not h°unil to by the faid recited a& pafied in thp thirty-third year of his ^rT^orc ****. prefent Majefty’s reign, to be taken by a fubfiitute; be it 4 da dared and enabled. That no perfon who has taken the

laid

Digitized by

Google

l~I/unitenant may appoint officers, 5cCi

Kildare and parlow militia to be augmented ro 6 compa* nice each.

7be thirty feventh Tear of George IIT.

faid oath is bound thereby to ferve in the militia, for move than the term of four years mentioned therein.

XLI. And whereas by an aft palled in the thirty third year of his Majefty’s reign, it is enabled, That all battalion-companies, confiding of one hundred men, (hall have four comrniffioned officers, namely, one captain, one lieutenant, and two enfigns 5 be it enaftecj by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of_ Ireland, fop the time being, to appoint to each fuch battalion-company one captain, two lieutenants, and one enfign.

XLII. And whereas it may be expedient for the general fervice of the militia, that the Kildare and Carlow battalions of militia, which now confift of five companies each, fuould be augmented fo as to confift of fix companies each ; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, to augment each of the (aid Kildare and Carlow battalions of militia with pne company each, to confift of the fame number of officer! and men as the other five companies (hall confift, and to appoint fuch and fo many field officers, in fuch manner to fuch battalions, fo to be augmented, as he is by law now authorized to appoint to a battalion confiding of fix companies.

XLII I. Provided always, That the faid augmentation (hall not take place until the faid battalions (hall each have completed their five companies to one hundred men each, according to the augmentation authorized to be made by the laws now in force.

Special feffions XLIV. And be it further enabled, That fpecial fcffionf may be held for of the peace may be held at any time or times, on notice furpofesof 35 being given by the clerk of the peace, at the defire of any governor or deputy governor, by polling the fame on the door of the court-honfe of the county, feven days at the leaft previous to holding the fame, for the purpofe of enquiring into and enforcing the execution of the faid recited aft, pa (led in phe thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’a reignj any thing in faid aft to the contrary notwithftand? ing-

XLy. J^nd whereas by the faid recited aft pa (Ted in the thirty-third year of his Majefty’s reign, it is enafted, That in all cities and towns which are counties within themfelves, it (hall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief go-* vernor or governors of this kingdom,' for the time being, to diredt by proclamation, as he or they (hall think fit, that a Separate militia (hall be arrayed and trained withm their fc--veral oiccinfts or liberties, or that fuch cities and towns, and *	>	*	v	1	'	their

9- 3-

In eities and fnwns 1 .ord LicuctuAnt jnay separate militia,

bo*

The thirty fevtnth Tear of Georg* HI.

their precinfts and liberties (hall be united with and made part of the counties to which they are feverally annexed by the faid aft: And whereas by the faid aft provifion was made for annexing the county of the town of Drogheda to the county of Louth, for' the purpofe? of the laid aft, and it may tend to the general militia fervice that fuch annexation fhould be made, and that the Drogheda battalion of miKtia, con ft (ting of three companies, (hould be joined to and made part of the Louth battalion of militia, fo as that the faid Louth battalion fhould thereby become a regiment, and thenceforward confifl of nine companies.: Be it further enafted, That ft (hall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king* tjom, for the time being, to order and direft in fuch manner as he or they (hall think proper, that the Drogheda battalion of militia may be joined to the Louth battalion, and become part of the Louth regiment of militia, and that from thenceforward every non commiflioncd officer, and every private in the faid Drogheda battalion, (hall be a non-pommiffioned officer and private in the Louth regiment, to all intents and purpofes of the faid aft, or any aft made to amend the fame, as fully and effeftually as any non-coumrif-fioned officer or private noiy ferving in the Louth battalion.

XLVI. And be it further enafted. That fo foon as the faid Drogheda battalipn (hall, purfuant to the provifions a fore faid, be joined to the Louth battaliop, it fhall be lawful for the colonel of the Lout!} regiment to grant, and he js hereby required tp grant to the captains, lieutenants, and tnfigns, ferving in the faid Drogheda battalion, commiffions to ferve in the. militia for the Louth regiment, as captains, lieutenants, and enfigns, refpeftively, and all fuch captains, lieutenants, and enfigng, fhall have rank in the faid jregirpent, according to the dates of the commiffions fo gianted to them by the colonel thereof, and fhall retain their general rank in tlje fervice according to the dates of the commiffions heretofore granted to them, to ferve in the Drogheda battalion.

XLVI I. And be it further enafted, That the major commandant of the Drogheda battalion, fhall? when (aid battalion fhall become a part of the Louth regiment, continue to, and fhall be entitled to receive his full pay as a major of militia, fo long as the. Louth regiment fhall continue embodied, and fhall be unattached to qny yegiment.

XLVII1. And whereas there is on* adjutant, one chaplain, one furgeon, and one quarter-mailer to the faid Drogheda battalion, and alfo one adjutant, one chaplain, one furgeon, and one quarter-mailer to the Lout^ battalion : be it '	further

By faid adt Drogheda may be annexed <9 fo. Louth.

L. Lientemat may order the Diogheda iruli-tla to be jvined to the Louth*'

Cojoncl of Louth militia may grant com* million!.

Major conj. qf Drogheda bat. th^ll receive full pay.

Digitized by t^ooQle

Adjutants, dec. to lave lull pay, and suliutam a id furgcon entitled to provi-fioilj.

High sfleff-ment on

] -roj;hcda fnr militia families.

When 4<J. pef acre is m>t raifed. collector P>nlti:otpny allowance;

The thirty -/eventh Tear of George ITT.

further enaCUd, That it (hall be lawful for the colonel of the faid Louth battalion, fo [oon as the faid Drogheda battalion (hall be joined thereto, to appoint to continue in his regiment, cither of the faid adjutants, chaplains, furgeons, and quarter-mailers, and that the adjutant, chaplain, fur-gcon, and quarter-mafter, who (hall not be continued therein, (hall have the like pay during the time the regiment (hall be embodied, and that the adjutant and furgcon (hall be entitled to and receive the like pay or proviiion after it (hayll ceafe to be embodied, as their commiflions would refpe&ively have entitled them to, if they continued to ferve in the militia.

XLIX. And whereas the affeffment upon the lands of the county of the town of progheda, for paying the allowances to the families of militia men, is extremely high, and much heavier lhap the like affeffment in the county of Louth» or arty other part of the kingdom, from the very (mall proportion of acres within the faid county to the number of men ferving in the militia thereof, and it is not expedient that futh great difference of proportion (hould continue to be raffed on the fajd lands, after the militia of the faid town ilia'll become part of the Louth regiment; be it further cna&cd, That io foon as the faid Drogheda militia jfhall become a part of the Louth regiment, any two or more governors or clcputy governors (hall and fnay ccitify to the collector of his blajtfty’s revenue there, once in every quarter, the amount of all allowances payable to the families of militia men at the time, fpccifying each allowance, and the treasurer of the county jhal} certify underneath how much an affeffment of one jenny an acre on the faid county of the town will amount to, and the faid collector is hereby required to pay, once in every quarter of a year, to the (aid trea-furer, whatever fum the amount of fuch allowances (hall exceed the amount of fuch affeffment, every which payment (hall be allowed to him in his accounts, on his producing inch certificates, and the treafurcr’s receipt; and the faid treafurer (hall duly and without delay apply the money he (hall fo receive towards all fuch allowances, and he (hall account for thfc fame in lifee manner and unddr the like regulations, reftridiom*, and penalties, as he is or (hall be requiied to account for any money raifed or affeffed upon the faid County for the purpofe. *

L. Provided always. That if in any year a fum after the rate of four pence by the acre, (hall! not be raifed by Lffment, •prefentment, or otherwife, for the puipote pf paying or Tcimbinfing the payment of fuch allowances, pur-iuaut to the law s now in force, the collector (hall no longer Jjc authorize cl to pay, nor (hall he thereafter pay any money f	towards

Governors

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

towards fuch allowances to the treasurer by virtue of this ad.

LI. And whereas by reafon of the inaccuracy of the lifts returned on the former ballot in the county of Dublin and from the difficulty of collecting the turns of fix pounds, and ten pounds, as directed by the ad of the may equalize thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, fome parifhet WoruolmiCllt,» •r diftrids of the faid county have been charged with a greater, and fome with a lefs number of men than their refpedive ftrength ought equitably to have fiirnifhed, and fome are in arrear in their refpedive quotas ; be it enaded.

That the governors and deputy governors at any of the general-meetings to be held in purfuance of this, and the laid ads, are hereby empowered and required to equalize the faid men fo erroneoufly apportioned, and to give credit, and dedud to and from the different parifhes or diftrids, according to the proportion to be afeertained by the allotment to be made in purfuance of this ad: and in cafe it *

(hall appear to the governors and deputy governors of the fajd county, at anv of the faid meetings, that any of the faid parifhes or diftrids have not furnifhed their refpedive quotas of men, either by ballot,’ fubftitution, payment or affeffment, that fuch parifhes or diftrids fhall be charged with the balance that appears as bona Jide due by them re-fpedively, notwithftandmg that their quota of men may have been raifed otherwjie ; and that the faid governors and deputy governors, and all other perfons whatever, fhall be, and are hereby veiled with the fame powers and autho* rities for railing the faid men fo in arrear, as they aie empowered to raiie $ny other men by virtue of this and the laid recited ads, stay thing herein or therein to the contrary cotwithftanding,	N

pHAP.

8 8.



The thirty-Jevcnth Tear *f George HI.

A. D.

•797*

—CHAP. XXI.

An AS to amend the Game Laws.

m

WHEREAS by an ad paffcd In the twtnty-feventfi year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, entitled, An m3 the trefervatlon of the game% it is enacted* That from am! after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred an<J cighty-feven, evciy perfon who (hall willfully take, kill, or deftroy, or who (hall fell or expofc to fale, or who (hall buy, or caufe to be bought, any moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, between the tenth day of December and feventh day of Auguft, or any pheafant, partridge/ quail, landrail, or wild turkey, between the tenth day of January and rtrft day of September, in any year, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, for every fuch moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, pheafant, partridge, quail, land-rail, or wild turkey; and whereas the fcarehing for, taking and killing of moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, at fo early a period as the time fpecified in the faid ad, has been found very prejudicial, and the taking and killing of partridges at fo early a period as the firft day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the farmers and hulbandmen throughout the kingdom, for remedy whereof, be it enade4 by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the Part of recit- authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of repealed this ad, fo much of the faid recited ad as relates to the taking, killing, deftroying, felling, or expofing to fale, any moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, between the tenth day of December and feventh day of Auguft, in any year, or any partridge between the tenth day of January and firft day of September, in any year, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafling of this ad, no perfon or perfons (hall, on any pretence whatfoever, take, kill, dc^ llroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or their pofleflion, or ufe any moor-game, heath-game, or groufe between the tenth day of December and twentieth day of Auguft, in any year, or any partridge, land rail, or quail, between the tenth day of January and twentieth day of September, iq any yearj and if any perfon or perfons (hall take, kill.

herein.

No perfon (hill take, kill, or have any

fame, except as crcin.

The thirtyfeventh Tear of George IH.

deftroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their pof* feflion, or make ufe of any moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, between the tenth day of December and twentieth day of Auguft, in any year, or any partridge, land-rail, or quail, between the tenth day of January and the twentieth day of September in any year, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be liable to the fame penalty as by the faid aft is laid on every perfon or perfons tranfgreffing the fame, fuch penalty to be impofea, inflifted, received, and applied in like manner, and under the fame rules and regulations as in and by the faid recited aft is direfted, with refpeft to the application of the forfeitures to be incurred for any offence agaiaft the game laws,

CHAP. XXII;

4*~ AS to amend and continue an AS paffed in (he Thirtieth Tear of His prefent Majejly's Reign, Entitled, An AS to extend the Powers of the Corporation for Paving, Cleanfi ing and Lighting the Streets of Dublin ; and to enable the Corporation to build a Bridge acroft the River Anna Liffey, at IJland-Bridge: and to enable the Corporation to borrow a certain Sum of Money for the Purpofes therein mentioned•

^tXT’HEREAS by an aft of parliament parted in the Corporation W twenty-fixth Year of his Majtfty’s reign, entitled, to make and n-An AS for the improvement of the city of Dublin, and the en- P^.^oa<^4 a4 fvirons thereof, by the better paving, lighting, and cleanftng" the CrCl0, fame, feveral perfon? were appointed direftors and commif-fioners for paying, cleanfing, and lighting the feveral ftreets and other publick paflages in Dublin, and they and their fuc-ceffors were incorporated for fuch purpofe: and whereas it js enafted. That the grand juries of the city of Dublin, or pf the county of the city of Dublin, fhali have full power fpid authority to enter into any contraft or agreement for any term not exceeding feven years, with any perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, for any fum pf money io be expended in repairing or keeping in repair fuch parts pf the carriage-ways, and foot-ways, as are fituate between where the pavement ends and the Circular-road • and1 whereas \>y an aft of parliament parted in the thirtieth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aS to extend the powers of the corporation for paving, cleanjing, end lighting the Jhretts of Dublin, and to enable the corporation to- hnld a bridge acroft fif river Anna Lijfey of- Jjland-briJLrr, the faid corporation '	*	was

j8

A. D.

•797*

Chan. 22.

, If pr.vifion bj not made for repairs, corporation may dif-coQtinue them.

Truftees of Other road- leading from Dublin, may con-trad* with corporation for repair* of roads.

The tLirlyfeventb tear of George I FT.

was empowered to repair, make and keep in order, at fiich times and in fuch manner as they fhould think beft, all or anypart or parts of the feveral roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, between the extreme end of the pavements and the Circular-road, or environ road ; and alfo all or any part of the road leading to Chapelizod, and fituate between faid city and the line of the bridge then intended to be built over the river Anna Liffey, at 1 (land-bridge, as therein mentioned ; and alfo to make fuch foot-ways thereon as they (hould think proper : and wherras the faid corporation are defirous, for the accommodation of the public, to continue the undertaking of faid works, fo far as they may be enabled by law, and their funds will permit; be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lards fpiritual and temporal, and pommons in this prefent parliament aFTcmbled, ancj by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, the faid diredors and commifiioners may, and they are hereby empowered to repair, make, and keep in order at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner as they (hall think beft, all or any pait or parts of the feveral roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, which lie between the extreme end of the pavements and' tlic Circular or environ road ; and alfo all or any part of the road leading to Chapelizod, and iituate between faid city and the bridge built over the river Anna LifFey, at I (land-bridge, and alfo to make fush footways thereon as they (hall think proper.

11 And be it enaded, That unlefs fome provifton (hall from time to time, as the fame (hall be neceffary, be made by prefentment or othenrife, towards the expences of faid repai s, and if the fame (hall not be paid to the treafurer of the faid corporation, for paving, cleaning, and lighting the faid ftreets, then the laid diredors and commifnonera (hall ceafe and difeoutinue to pave or repair fuch flreets, roads, paflages or places, the provifion for the expences of. which (hall have been omitted to be fo raifed or paid as afore-faid, until fuch time as fuch proyifion (hall have been again mad^ and paid.

III.	And whereas turnpikes are creded on feveral of the roads leading to the faid city, at which tolls are received for the purpofe of keeping the fame in repair, and it is rea-fonable that the trufleep of fuch roacls (hould contribute towards the expence of fuch' repairs ; be it enaded* That from and after the palling gf ^his ad, the diredors pf the road leading from Dublin to Dunleer, and the truftees of all other roads, refpedively, leading from Dublin, (hall have full power and authority to enter into any contrad or agreement they (hall thiiik fit, for any term they (hall think

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.	*9

fit, with laid corporation, for fuch proportion of the ex- A. D. pence attending the making, repairing, and keeping in re- 1797-pair, fuch part of fuch roads as (hall be agreed upon, be- Chap. 22* tween them and faid corporation.	s

IV.	And whereas great encreafe of expence has been Corporation

incurred by the faid corporation, by the great extenfion of may borrow the city, and more efpccially by the great encreafe in the	i4t	6

price of oil, which have induced a confiderable debt on the • r C corporation ; be it enafted, That the (aid direftors and commifiioners, or any nine or more of them, be, and they

are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, with the approbation of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other'chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to borrow upon the credit of the funds, rates, and afieflments by thejaid firft recited aft veiled in them, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole, the fum of ten thousand pounds, at an intereft not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, together with fuch annuity as (hall be agreed upon, provided fuch rate (hall not exceed twenty (hillings per annum% for eveiy one hundred pounds fo lent, for any term of years not exceeding nine years ; and by writing under their common foal, to kcure by mortgage of the (aid funds, rates and affeflments, or any part thereof, or by debenture, fuch fum or fums as (hall be exi-prefled in fuch mortgage or debenture, to the perfon or perfons, and their relpeftive executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, who (hall advance and lend the feme, which mortgages or debentures (hall be of like import as the mortgages prescribed in the (aid firft recited aft, for fecuring the mo-ney which the faid direftors and commifiioners were thereby empowered to borrow, with fuch variation in the words thereof, as the faid direftors and commifiioners from the circumfiances of the cafe (hall think proper to make ; and fuch mortgages or debentures (hall be as valid and efieftual a fccurit) to the perfon or perfons who (hail advance the monies to be borrowed thereon, and (hall be transferable in the fame manner as any mortgages made by virtue of the faid recited aft ; and the intereft which (hall accrue thereon, and fuch annuity as (hall be payable thereon, (hall be paid in like manner as the intereft of the monies borrowed by virtue of the faid firft recited* aft is thereby direfted to be paid.

V.	And be it enafted. That if the intereft which (hall ]pjntcre{> be payable on any mortgage or mortgages, or debenture or Bnpa';d aftcr debentures, to be made in purfuance of this aft, or any appointed, part thereof, or any annuity which may be granted as afore- chancellor maf faid, (hall be unpaid by the treafurer to the faid commifiion-

ers and direftors, for the fpacc of tea days, after any of

the

The tblrtyfeventb Tear of George IIT.

the day*, appointed for the payment thereof, the lord high chancellor, lord-keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal9 may upon a petition of one or more of the holder* of the faid mortgage* or debentures, and an affidavit verifying the truth thereof, appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the faid rates and afleflrnents as may be neceffary to pay fuch in-tereft and annuities, and receiver’* fees, and all reafonable tofts attending fuch application, or may make fuch • order for fequeftering the faid rates and afleflment*, or fuch monies as may be in the hand* of the faid treafurer for the pay-tnent thereof, as to juftice (hall appertain.

VI.	And whereas the faid corporation have at times borrowed certain fums of their trealurer and other perfons, the

ihall allow fums fntereft of which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of mhciein. June, onethoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the com-miflioners of impreft accounts have refufed to allow, amounting in the whole, to the fum of four hundred and fixty-four pounds fifteen fhflhngs and one halfpenny; be it ena&ed. That the faid commiffioners of impreft accounts, fhall, and may, and they are hereby empowered to allow the faid fums* and to difeharge the corporation therefrom, on paffing their next accounts.

VII.	And be it ena£fed, That the coft* and chaiges of preparing, drawing, obtaining, and paffing this fhall be paid by the faid corporation, out of the funds thereof.

Apublkk a&. VIII. And be it ena&ed, That this a6fc fhall be deemed a publick a£t, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpe-cially pleading the fame.

Com. of impreft accounts

»

*

CHAP.

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Ad to extend to Prefentments exceeding Two Hundred Pounds, to be expended on Mail-Coach Roads, the Regulations of au Ad faffed in the Thirty-fifth Tear of the King9 Entitled, An Ad for the Regulation of Prefentments for the Purpofe of levying Money to be expended in ereding Court-Houfes, Gaols, and other expenfivc Buildings.

WHEREAS the provifions of an ad made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jelly, entitled. An ad for the regulation of prefentments for the purpofe of levying money to be expended m ereding court-houfes, gaols, and other expenfivc buildings, have been found beneficial: and whereas it has been found neccffary to prefent large fumg of money, for opening, making, ditching, widening, and repairing the roads wherein mail-coaches are eftablifhed, as - alio for building, repairing, and widening bridges, or ' building or repairing walls thereon; be it enafted by the King's moil excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and. by the authority of the fame, That where any fuch prefentments for opening, making, ditching, widening and repairing, or for building, repairing, or widening bridges, or building or repairing of walls on roads whereon mail-coaches have been, or hereafter fhall be elhbliflied, (hall exceed the fum of two hundred pounds, it fhall and mav be lawful to prefent and allow the whole, or any part of fuch fum fo prefented, to be paid in advance to the overfeers appointed to conduct fuch work fo prefented, upon the fame conditions, and under the fame regulations in the faid recited aft contained, and tliat all fuch conditions, orders and regulations as are in the faid recited aft contained, fhall be expended and applied to all fuch prefentments as arorefaid, for roads where mail-coaches have been, or fhall hereafter be eflabli/hed, the ellimates for which fhall exceed the fum of two hundred potinde flerling.

3*

A. D.

Sums herein for mail-coach

roads

may be paid in advance to overfeers.

CHAP.

The thiriy-feventb Tear of George 111.

i*

A. D.

«

AD bounties on corn, Arc. to I>ublin, 0>al) tcafc as herein.

BeurtJes (ball be paid on ex-jrnri of corn, &c. as herein.

CHAP. XXIV.

An A8for the further Advancement of Agriculture, and promoting afieady Supply of Com, for the City of Dublin, by extending the Export Bounties on Corn and Flour to the faid City, and difeontmving all Inland\ Canal, and Coaft Bounties thereto.

WHEREAS the encouragement of the com trade ia the city of Dublin, by granting fimilar bounties on the export of corn and grain, ground and onground^ therefrom, at are payable by law on the like export from all other parts of this kingdom, will tend to encreafe the general agriculture of the kingdom, and will fecare at all times a regular and fteady fuj>ply for the confumption of the faid city 5 be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent pariia-ment aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, all bounties payable by any law or laws now in force, on the carriage of corn, grain, meal or dour to the city of Dublin, by canal, land, or coadways (hall ceafe, and be no longer payable, except fuch corn, grain, meal, and flour, which (hall have been adually (hipped or forwarded, previous to the palling of this ad, any law or laws to the contrary notwithftanding 5 an^that from ancf after the flrft day of September, one thoufknd feven hundred and ninety-feven, all bounties, payable on the like carriage of malt to the city of Dublin, (hall ceafe, and be no longer payable, except on fuch malt which lhall have been adually (hipped or forwarded, previous to faid firfl day of September.

II.	And be it further enaded, That in lieu of the faid bounties hereby made to ceafe and determine, there (hall be granted and paid on the export of i ll corn, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, peas, and beans, from the port mf Dublin, or from any of the members or creeks thereof, or from any port, harbour, haven, or place, between Drogheda and Wicklow, from and after the palling of tin’s ad, the like bounties as are, or lhall be payable on the export of the like articles refpcdivelv, from the other ports of this kingdom, fubjed to the like rules and regulations, fecuri-ties, exceptions, reftridions, lines, and foifeitures, as is or Are enaded, in refped to faid bounties, and to be paid by the pa\ mailer hue in after mentioned.

III.	And

Digitized by

Google.

The thirty fcventh Tear of Geoige 111.

III.	And the better to facilitate and encourage the corn

trade, in the city of Dublin ; be it enabled, That from and after the palling of this all wheat, rye, meflin, barley, here, oats, malt, peas, and beans, which (Rail be fold by famplc in any of the markets of the faid city, or of the liberties thereof, and which fliall be purchafed bv an'- mer- '	1	f

,	,	.	,	, • r ..	1 ...	.	.	.	may delivered

chant* or dealer in tne laid city or liberties, not being a without being

baker or mealman, may, at all times, be brought to, and brought*o

delivered to ftich merchant or dealer, withouc being previ- ™‘irk«» ai

oufly brought to, or going through any market, or weigh- crcin*

ed at any publick crane, any law to the contrary notwith-

ila tiding.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the g f on puffing of ‘this aft, all bounties, payable by law, on the oat% &c tn carriage of oats and oatmeal to the province of Ulfler, Ulftcr Gull fhall ceafe, and be no longer payable, except on the earn- ce*fc' except age of fuch oats or oatmeal which fhall have been aft unity as crcm’ (hipped, previous to the palling of this aft.

V.	And whereas the offices of paymafU’T and examiner Offices <*f of corn premiums were created by an aft palled in this paymafler and kingdom in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late cx:im,ner °f ■Majelly King Geoiga the fecond,. entitled, ncl for ^ be^'mmu-amending an aft, entitled, yin aff for the better fit*flying cJ for purpofes the city of Dublin with corn and flour, and various duties have herein named, •been impofed on the perfons holding the faid office of pay-

mailer, by feveral fubfequent afts of parliament, exclude of paying com premiums, and the .continuance of the faid offices are n^ccflary, as well for the fulfilling of the faid duties as for the better execution of this act ; be it further enafted. That the faid offices {hall be continued, as well for the faid purpofes as for paying bounties payable by this aft,

■and examining into the payment of the fame, and of all other bounties on the export of corn, grain, meal, malt and flour, and (ball be held at fuch convenient pi ice or places, and be kept open on fuch days, and during fo ninny -hours each day, as fhall be approved of, or appointed by the commiffioners of his Majelty’s revenue of cuflomn, or any four or more of them ; and that the perfons holding the fume (nail, from henceforth, be called paymafler and examiner of corn bounties, refpeftively ; and that all bounties payable by virtue of this aft, fhall he regularly and duly paid by the perfon holding the faid office of paymafler of corn bounties ; and that, in order thereto, the faid cominiflion-ers, or any four or more of them fliall, from time to time, by warrant fubferibed by them, or any four or more of them, C*r 'a the payment of fuch fum and fums.of money as they fhall judge neceflary, to the laid paymafler, to be by him paid over to the feveral perfons who fhall be enti-Vol. XI.	C	tied

Digitized by L^ooQie

Recognizance entfred into by fir JohnTydd, (hall extend to office, dee.

The thirty-/event h Tear of George III.

tied to receive any bounty purfuant to the provifions of this aft, and that the faid paymafler (hall have power to admi-nifler all fuch oaths, and to do all and every fuch aft or afts refpefting the payment of the faid bounties, as any collector of his Mnjcfly’s revenue may by law adminifter or do, refpefting the payment of any bounty on the export of any corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, from any port in this kingdom.

yi. And be it further enafted, That the recognizance entered into by and on behalf of fir John Tydd, baronet, the prtfent pofleflor of the faid office, (hall extend to the faid office of pnymafler of the corn bounties, and to aU monies which he (hall receive by virtue of this aft ; and that inftead of the fulary of three hundred pounds a year payable to him, and of forty pounds a year, payable to him likewife fora clerk, and of one hundred and fifty pounds a year, payable to faid examiner, under the provifions of the faid recited aft, and of a further allowance of one hundred and fifty pounds a year, appointed by order of the com-mifiioners of cxcife, to be paid to the faid examiner, the pay mailer of corn bounties} and every perfon who fhall-be appointed to fuccccd him in the faid office, (hall and may, out of the fums which he fhall fo receive, deduft for him-felf and pay to the perfon holding the office of examiner, the amount of the annual fums above mentioned, as fala-rics and allowance, refpeftively, ratenbly each quarter.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That on the death, re* moval, or rtfignation of the pnymafler of corn bounties ter or^MjmiiTer. or examiner thereof, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, fhall appoint a perfon to fucceed, and fo from time to time* as often as there fhall be a vacancy of cither of the faid offices, any thing in any law to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

Paymafter Vlll. And be it further enafted, That the paymafler of may appoint and corn bounties fhall have like power to appoint one or more remove depu- ^CpUty or deputies, and to remove the fame, and to appoint one or more to fuccecd in his or their room, from time to time, at his pleafure, and every fuch deputy fhall have like power to aft and adminifter oaths refpefting the payment of the bounties under this aft, and ftmll give lite fccurity as is or are enafted in refpeft to the paymafler or denuty, or to any of the bounties made by this aft to ceafc ana determine ; and that all returns, copies, certificate:* and accounts required by an aft palfed in the twenty-feventh year of his pre-lent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties under fevcral laws now in force for the encouragement of agriculture, and for rendering the carriage of

corn

L. lieut. may •appoint fnccef-fbrs to paymaf-

ties.

Digitized by LjOoq le

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.	$$

lorn to the city of Dublin left expenjive ; and another aft pafTed n the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled,

An afl to amend an a cl pajfed in the twenty-thirdand twenty-fourth years of his Majejty's reign, entitled, Ah a8 for regulating the corn trade, promoting agriculture, and providing a regu \ir and Jleady fupply of corn in the kingdom ; to be tranf-niicted or fe.it to the paymalter of corn premiums in the city of Dublin, fhall continue in like manner to be fent to him as paymalter of corn bounties, under the like regulations and penalties, and that he (hall continue to do and execute all matters refpefting them, as fully as if this aft had not been made.

IX.	And be it further endfted, That the prefent examiner, and every perfon who fhall hereafter be appointed to 1 fuccecd him, fhall duly and regularly exartiine all vouchers and bounty papers, for the payment of bounties on the cx* port of corn, grain, male, meal and dour, from this kingdom, which fhall be produced to him, and fhall make due entry thereof, in a book to be by him kept for the purpofe, ftating tiie quantities and fpecieafor which bounty fhall have been paid at each port, and fhall certify fuch his examina-* tion once in every quarter of a year, or oftener if required^ to the commillioners of his viajeity’s revenue.

X.	And whereas it is juft and reafonable, that compen-» _

fation fhould be made to the prefent paymalter of bounties on the carriage of corn, meal, malt, and flour, to the city of Dublin* coattways, and to the iufpeftors appointed by virtue of the faivd recited aft, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majetly’s reign, and to the prefent examiner of the corn premiums, for the lofTes which mufl accrue to them, from the cealing of the fees to which they are by law refpec lively entitled, on the payment of laid bounties, and weighing all corn, meal, malt, and flour, which /hall be fo carried, or examining the fame ; be it further enafted, That fo foon as the faid paymalter, and inf m-Aois, and examiner, fhall deliver upon oath, to the comtmfiioncfe Gomt^rtfation of hi; Mnjelly’s cuftomS, ail account of the amount of fees a»herouto be received by them, in the three years ending the twenty-fifth	1	fC

day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety*	fcesT*

feven, by virtue of the faid lali recited aft, and of one

other aft herein before mentioned, pa (Ted in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and alfo the expenecs of executing laid offices, refpectively, during daid time ; and the faid commillioners, or any four or more of them, fhall certify their examination into, and approbation of fuch account, and fhall date the yearly average of the faid fees, dtduftingthereout the yearly average of the faid expence9 during faid time, they the faid pay matter, iufpeftors, and C %	examiner.

A. D.

i?97.

Chap. 24.

Duty of <

Google

s«

Thethirty fev/ntb Tear of George III.

A. 23. examiner, (hall be refpedively entitle 1 to receive, and (ball I797»	each receive yearly, dnring thtir refpedive lives, a Aim

Oiap. 24.	equal to the amount of fuch yea ly average, after fuch de-

^ .......... dudion ; fuch yearly fum to be pa d to them in like man-

ner, and out of fuch monies as i:> provided for the payment of fees, by an ad pailed i. 1 tiic twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, entitled, / n at1 for the better encouragement of trade, by regulating the payment of bounties, and exempting them from fes.

XI.	And in order to make compenfation to all other officers and clerks concerned in the payment of any of the bounties which ihall ccafc by virtue of this ad, and to the craner appointed by an ad of the twenty-firfi and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majelty’s reign, for the lofle9 which mult accrue to them from the crating of their fala-ries, fees, or emoluments arifing therefrom ; be it further Otherofficer* ena<^cc*» That it (hall and may be lawful for the lords corn-fee. ihall receive miflioners of his Majefty’s treafurv, and they arc hereby esmpenfation,	direded to pay out of.the confolidated fund, from time to

as herein.	time, all fuch fums as they fhall be direded by his excel-

lency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to pay to fuch perfon or perfons in fuch manner, and at fuch time or times, as fhall be fo direded to be paid, for the purpofc afore fa id.

Office of pay- XII. And be it further enaded, That the faid office of matter not	paymafter of corn bounties fhall not be deemed an office

deemed anew	created or creded fince the paffing’of an ad patted in this

OBe#	kingdom in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s

reign, 'entitled, /In ah for fecuring the freedom and independence of the houfe of commons, by excluding therefrom perfons bolding any offices under the crora n, to be hereafter created, or holding certain offices therein enuno rated, or perfons f e terms 0) years, or during hi; Majfy's pleaftre : nor fhall the continuance of the prefent pofTelfor, fir John Tydd, baronet, therein, be deemed an acceptance of an office of profit from the crown, within the meaning of the faid ad.

CHAP,

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

37

CHAP. XXVI.

j4n .I ; to prevent the forcing of Notes and Bills of the Go-<vem r and Company of the Ba h of Ireland, and to prevent the ul: ::.’U\g of f ufe Credit, and the committing of Frauds by the Imitation of Notes or Bills of the fetid Governor and

Co . IJ r.j.

\

FOR the more effe&ually preventing the forging of notes and bills of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland ; be it cnacled by the King’s moft excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri-tnal and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aficrnblcv!, and by the authority of the fame, That from and aftu* the to ll day of June, in the year of our lord one thouiaud teven hundred asd ninety-feven, if any perfon or perfons, other than the officers, workmen, fervants, or agents for the time being, of the faid governor and company, and for the ufe of the faid governor and company only, (hall make or ufe, or caufe or procure to be made or ufed, or knowingly aid or affift in the making or ufing, or, without being authorized and appointed as afore-faid, (hall knowingly have in his, her, or thtir cuftody or polfeffion, without lawful excufe, the proof whereof fhall lie on the perfon accufed, any frame, mould, or iuftrument for the making of paper, with the words “ bank of Ireland,” vifibie, in the fubftance of fueli paper, or (hall make, or caufe or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or affift in making any paper in the fubftance of which the faid words “ bank of Ireland,” (ball be viiible, or if any pert Ion, except as befote excepted, after the faid fiVft day of June, (hall, by any art, my fiery,	contrivance, caufe or

procure the faid w’ords u bank of Ireland,” to appear viable in the fubftance of any paper whatfoever, or knowingly aid or affift in caufing the faid words, “ bank of Ireland,” to appear in the fubftance of any paper whatfoever, every perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall for fuch offence be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tianfpotted for his or her life.

II.	And for preventing injury to public credit by unwary and other perfons taking inpayment, and otherwife receiving notes, inland hills, and bills of exchange, w ith certain words and chaiadlers, fo nearly refembling notes and bills of the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as to appear to fuch perfon to be notes or Bills of the bank of Ireland: and for preventing the praftice of {hop-keepers,

and

Amended 38 G. 3. c. 53*

Perfons who (hall have any mould, &c. for making pa» per with the words “ bank cf Ireland” in the fubftance, or affift therein, except authorise ed, (hall be cranfportcd for life.

Digitized by Googfe

T’he thirty-fevenlh Year of George 11L

and others making, ufe of notices, advertifements, or other papers in their outward form timilar to notes of the bank vf Ireland, engraved with flouriihes and devices in the margin, and with a certain number in white letters on a black or any dark ground, in the manner the fum or value of notes of rue bank of Ireland is expri ffed at the foot thereof, and in other refpc&s vcfemblirg the fame, l>y which frauds may he, and have been committed on ignorant or illiterate perrons ;’be it enacted, That from and after the faid firlf day of June, if any perfon or perfons, without being authorized and appointed as aforefaid, (hall engrave, cut, etch, ferape in met-zotinto, or fhall caufe or procure to be engraved, cut, etcli-cd, or feraped in mctzotir.eo, or {hall knowingly aid or afTift in the engraving, cutting, etching, or feraping in metzo tinto, in or upon any phte of copper, hr its, ft eel, pewter, or of any other metal, or mixture of metals, of upon woo^, or any other material, or any plate vhatfotver, any promiffory note, inland bill, or hill of exchange, or blank promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or part of a pro-miflory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, containing the words, “ bank of Ireland,” or u bank pod bill,” or any word or words exprtfiir.g the fum or amount, or any part of the fum or amount of fuch promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, in white letters or figures, on a black or dark ground, or any notice or advertisement from any fhopkeeper or other perfon, with flourifhesor devices in the margin, or any number thereon in white letters or figures, on a black or dark ground, cr fhall ufe any fuch piste fo engraved, cu% etched, 01 feraped in metzotihto, or fhall ufe any other inftrument for the making or printing any fuch promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, ot blank promifTory note, inland bill, or hill of exchange, nt notice or advertifeincnt ; and if any perfen, without being authorized and appointed as nfu.a_fiid? fir ail, after the firft day of June, ip the year of our lofd, one thou (and feven hundred and ninety-ftven, knowingly have in his, her, or {heir enftody, *any fuch plate or inftrument, or fhall know-ingly and wilfully utter of publifli any fuch promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, blank-promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or utter or difperfe any fuch notice or advertifement, every fuch perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convtiled thereof, according to law, fhall be fifted in any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, or be committed to the common gaol of the county, or place where the offence fhall be committed, for anj (pace oi time not exceeding fix months.

III. Pro*

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.	39

III. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That	A. D.

noth ing herein contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to	1797*

extend to any perfon or perfons who, being atany time here-

after pofTefled of any fuch note or bill, (hall only utter the How far this fame, by carrying the fame for payment to the ifTuer of if- to extend, fuer?, drawer or drawers, acceptor or acceptors, indorfer or indorfers thereof, rcfpetlively, or ufing proper means to compel the payment of any fuch note or bill.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That nothing Not to extend herein contained, (hall in any fort extend, or be conftrued to to notes dated extend to any promifTory notes or bills of exchange, execu- before 1 June, ted and dated before the firft day of June, one thoufand fe- herein. M ven hundred and ninety-feven, or to present oraffed the uttering, negociating, receiving or paying the fame, lave only

by the makers thereof.

CHAP. XXVII.

An AQ for vejling a certain Fund in Commifftoners, at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to dire Cl tlx Application of additional Funds, in cafe offuture Loans, to the like Purfo/e.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

H E R E A S from the great encreafe of the na- Preamble.

* * tional debt, and in order to make a lading provifion for the maintenance of publick credit, it is neceffary to form a permanent plan for the redu&ion of the faid debt, and for fhe more effe&ually preventing the accumulation of debt hereafter, in confequence of any further loans ; therefore we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Ireland, in parliament aficmbled, do humbly pray your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aficmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That at the end of the three quarters of a year, a pum ft;fficicrrt yrhich will end on the twenty-fourth day of June, the twenty- for payment of ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of De- intcrril and an-

ccmber, refpe&ivcly, in the year pne thoufand (even hundred m,,f,es* ,1}K7 j . r	j	,	r	-	-	a cruc, ihall be

and mnety-leven, apd at $he end of every quarter of a year, ptf upHrt quarto end the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth tcrly, as herein, day of June, the twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of Peceiubcr refpe&ively, in every fuccecd-

ing

iliiy

, u

< n

cli every fi:ch annuities, and pa.ts t'f accrued at every frch

So irmrhof 45,cool. as fhall be deficient, fhall be fet apart f.ut of confoli dated fund quarterly, &c.

Monies hereby ordered out of confolidated fund, fhall be ifTued in preference to all others, See.

The thirty -/event h Tear of George III.

ingy^ar, there fhall be ifTued or fet apart, at the receipt of

his Majefty’s exchequer, out of the monies computing the fund, appropriated to the payment of the intend! cftfhe national debt, and of the life, and other annuities, granted for efle&uating the railing of monies borrowed by the government of this kingdom, and citablifhed by any a£t or acts of parliament, and of fuch charges attending the payment of iuch filtered and annuities, as have been, or fi.all L • chmgt J on the faid fund, by any net or acts in that heind", a (era fuflicient to make good on the d^* quarter fhall er.d, u\\ fuch filtered a intereft and annuities, r.s flvdl lu\ quarter day ; and th*t after fuch fum fhall be fo ifTued or fet apart, there fhall then be farther fet apart in the receipt of the faid exchequer, out of the monies comp ling the faid appropriated fund, a frm of twenty-five thuuku.d pounds, or fuch part thereof, as the fur plus or exetfs of the faid fund, after felting apart the amount of the faid interest, annuities and charges, (hall be fuflicient to fatisfv.

II.	And be ic enabled. That if at the end of any fuch quarter of a year, fuch furplus or excels of the faid appropriated fund, after fating apart the amount of all iuch filtered, annuities and changes, fhall not amount to the faid fum of twenty-five thoufand poi nds, then and at the end of every fuch quarter, a fum equal to the fum in which fuch fin plus or excels (hall be deficient of, amounting to the faid fum of twenty-five thoufand pounds, lliall be let aj art, and ifTued out of the fund, called the confolidated fimd, and fuch deficiency fo ifTued out of the confolidated fund, fhall be carried forward as a charge on the monies which fhall remain in the receipt of his Majt fly’s exchequer, of the future furplus or cxcefs of the faid appropriated fund, after ifTtiing orfetting apart the amount of all fuch intend, annuities and chargts, as are’herein before directed, to be previoufiy ifTued or fet apait, at the end of the next and every oilier iucceed-ing quarter in the lame year; and alio the faid charge of twenty-five thoufand pounds each quarter, until fuch deficiency fhall be made good, and replaced thereby, to the faid 'Cpnfolidated fund; tvery fuch year to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, to the twenty-fifth day of March following.

III.	And be it further enadled, That all monies required by this a&to be ifTued out of the confolidated fund, to make1 good any deficiency as aforefaid, fhall be ifTued and paid thereout, by the authority of this a<Sl, immediately and without delay, as they fhall become payable thereout ; and that the faid payments fhall be made preferable to all other payments charged, or which may hereafter he charged upon

the

Surplus of

The thirtyfcventh Tear of George III.

the faid confolidated fund, except fuch payments as are charged thereon, by virtue of an aft patted in the thirty-third year oF his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An Ad for the fupport of the honour and dignity of his MajcJly* s crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majejly a civil ejlablifhment, under certain provifmns and regulations.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That if at any . . time it (lull happen that at the end of the year, ending the fyn^n^^fuf-twenty-fifih day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ficjcntto pay off ninety- iglit, or at the :nd of any future year, computed as deficiencies, Ac. aforefaid, after provifion fhall have been made for all payments, for which monies are previoufly to be fet apart or iff:led, according to the directions of this aft, the furplus or excefs of the monies compofing the fund appropriated to the payment of the fai l intereft, annuities and,charges, fhall not be fufficicnt to make good as well all fuel) deficiencies, as dial I have arifen during fuch year, as the payment of the fum of twenty-five thnufand pounds, then due, in every fuch cafe, the amount of* fuch deficiency or deficiencies, whethei^the fame hall have arifen in any preceding quarter or quarters within fuch year, or in the quarter ending on the twenty-fifth i.iy of March, on which fuch year (hall end, ttiall not be carrie d forward as a charge on the faid appropriated func, at the end of the next fucceeding quarter, but fhall be :: iie good to the confolidated fund, out of any aids or fuoplie^ which fhall be, or ttiall have been granted . by pa rli.-imeut for the Itrvice of the then current year.

V Aud be it enailed, That the monies fo fet apart, at Monies fofct the cud yf ai)y quarter of a year, ending as aforefaid, or of	bank	of

any year computed as aforefaid, either for the payment of	5^

the Ann oftwenty-five thoufand pounds, due at the end of fuch	*

quarter, or of any part thereof, or for making good fuch deficiency or deficiencies as aforefaid, ttiall forthwith be iflued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and fh ill by them be placed to an account, to be kept in their books, and to be entitled, “ The account of the committioners appointed by aft of parliament, for applying certain Aims of money annually, to the reduftion of the na-	/

tional debt,” and that as well fuch monies, as any other monies which ttiall be paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, by virtue of this aft, to be placed to the fail account, fhall be applied by the commiflioners herein after appointed, towards the reduftion of the national debt, and in the manner herein after direfted, and to no other intent or purpofe, and in no other manner whatfoever.

VI.	And be it enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for No money to the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, to fet be iffued out of apart, or iflue out of the monies compofing the confolidated	M

fohd, hgr^iq

Digitized by

Google

A D.

1797-Chap. 27.

Stock purchas'd, or redeemed by this a«5t, fhall be tnmf-furred to account of com-miffioncr*.

Annuities fliall be regular ly iffucdl

Whtn amount of roterefl payable, (hall l>e reduced, or debentures, &c. paid off, a 1 um equal to the reduction (hall be iffued quarterly.

7he thirty-frvtnth Tear r,f George III.

fund, at the end of any quarter, any fujn or fums of money, for any fervice whatfoever, other than is provided in this aft,and the faid recited ail, paffed in the thirty-third year of his Majcfly’3 reign, until the fum or fums.which (hall be payable thereout, by the provifions of this ail, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, on account of the faid commifiiuiurs, (hall have been fet apart or iffued as aforehid * and that in like manner it (hall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his Majcity's exchequer, after the twenty-fifth day of March, in any year, to iffue any fum or films of money, for any fervice whatever, out of any monies which (hall then remain in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, from any aids or fupplieg granted for the fervice of the current year, or out of any monies which (hall be received into the exchequer, aftet the faid twenty-fifth day of March, from fuch aids or fuppbVs, until the fum or fums, it any fuch there (hall b*, which flr.ll he payable by virtue of this aft, to the governor and roriipnny of the bank of Ireland, on account of the faid commillioners, out of the faid aids or fupplies, (hall have been fet apart, or iffued as afore-faid.

VIT. And be it enafted, That fuch part of the principal, fecured by debentures or capital (lock, as (h.ill be purchased or redeemed by virtue of this aft, (hall be transferred to the account of the faid comtniffioiiers ; and that the intcrefl or dividends payable thereon, (hall from time to ti ne, be iffued and placed to the account of the faid coirunillioners, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt, in manner herein after direfted.

VIII.	And be it enafted, That all annuities for years, heretofore granted, or which may be hereafter gi anted, to aid any loan for public purpofes, (hall be continued after the terms for which they have been, or (hall be rcfpeftively granted, and (hall be regularly and duly iffued, and placed to the account of the laid commiffioners, to be by them applied to the reduftion of the national debt as aforelaid.

IX.	And be it enafted, That whenever the amount of interell, payable on any debenture, or of the annuities payable in refpeft of any capital (lock, (hall be reduced, or any debentures or capital (lock (hall be paid off, by means of any fum of money to be raifed for that purpofe, for which new debentures fhall iffue, or new capital (lock be created, bearing a lower rate of interell or annuity than the debt or capital dock which (hall be fo paid off, then an additional annual fum, equal in amount to the annual intereft or annuity which (hall be fo faved, fhall from thenceforth be iffued and paid, by quarterly payments, uut of the laid appropriated fund 5 and in cafe of any deficiency therein, ou&

The thirty-fevent h Tear cf George III.

of the confolidated fund, in like manner as is herein before provided, and under like regulations to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and (hall be by them placed to the account of the faid commiflioners, to be by' them applied to the reduction of the national debt,

X.	And for more cffe&ually preventing the accumulation of debt hereafter, in confcquence of any future loans, be it enacted, That whenever any fums of money fhall be hereafter raifed by loans for public purpofes, a feparate account (hall be kept at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of the annuities and annual interefl to be incurred thereby ; and in cafe fuch loan fhall be raifed for any other pur pole, than that of paying off fome exifting debt, fecur-ed by debentures or capital Hock, bearing an higher rate of interefl than fhall be payable for the fum to be raifed by fuch loan, and provision fhall not have been made by Parliament, for paying off within forty-five years, the whole of the fum to be tailed by fuch loan, from thence forth, at the end of every quarter, fubfequent to the day on which the a& or a&s of parliament* by which fuch loan (hall be created, (hall have received the royal aflent, an additional fum fhall be fet apart, out of the monies compofing the confolidated fund, and fhall be ifTued at the receipt of the ekehequer, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, to be by them placed to the account of the faid commiflioners, the annual amount of which additional fum, fhall be equal to one hundredth part of the capital flock, created by fuch loan or principal fum, for which debentures fhall be ifTued, on account of fuch loan.

XI.	And be it ena&ed. That all additional fums which fhall be fo fet apart, at the end of every quarter, in confe-quence of any fuch loan as aforefaid, fhall be fet apart, and ifTued at the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, at the end of each quarter, in the order in which fuch new loan (hall have refpeftively taken place, immediately after the fums which are herein before dire&ed to be ifTued and placed to the account of the faid commiflioners, to make good the faid quarterly furh of twenty-five thoufand pounds; and that all the faid additional fums, and alfo all interefl and dividends on any debenture or capital flock which fhall be purchafed or redeemed by the faid commiflioners, in each quarter, by the application of the faid additional fums, or by the receipt of interefl or dividends, or debentures or capital flock, purchafed or redeemed by fuch additional fums, fhall be placed in the name of the faid commiflioners, to a feparate account, for each feparate new loan.

XII.	And be it enadled, That whenever the monies to

be placed to the account of the hud commiflioners, confift-

L ,	mg

A feparate

count to be kept at trea-fury, of annul* ties. See.

Additional fnms for new loans, (hall be fet apart quarterly, in regular fucccflion, after the 25,000!.

Digitized by

Google

Money to be placed to ac-cooLt oi com-milBoncr', in die manner beteixi mention-•A

CctnmifTion-«n to apply monies placed to their account, to purthafe of fiock, or annu-

Sums not directed as herein to be applied to pu rebate fiock below pw.

The thirty•Jcvenfh Tear of George III.

ing of the payments of the intcrdl on debentures, or dividends on capital (lock, which ihall have been pin chafed by virtue of this acl; other than and except Inch as Ihall be puichafed by the application cf Inch monies as are herein before directed to be placed to a feparate account, in con-fcquence of new loans, or of any other act or ads of par.lament, or of any annuities, the terms whereof may be expired, or of any fuir.s which may Le annually iftued, in con-ftquence of any laving* anting from the reduction of the rate of intercity or of the rate of any annuities, or dividend.* on capital ltock (hall amount in the whole to the fum ot three hundred thou land pounds, cxchiihc of the faid quarterly fum of twenty-five mo.jIt. d pound.-*, or of any additional annual or quarterly fums, which may be directed to be i(Tued from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the faid commifiioners, by any futuw ad or ads of padia-ment, the interell or dividends due on Inch part of tl c principal fums or capital Hock, as In ill thenceforth he pad off or purchafed by tlie (aid comumfi n.er>, other than and except on fuch as ihall be paid otY or pm chafed by the application of the monies herein before directed to be placed to a feparate account, in confequence of any new leans, and the monies payable for fuch annuities for years, as may afterwards ccaie and determine, Ihall no longer be ifihed at the receipt of the exchequer, but ihall be confidered to be redeemed or purchafed by Parliament, and (hull remain to be difpofej of as Parliament (hall direct.

XIII.	And be it enacted, That all monies whatever, which from time to time (hall be placed to the account of the faid commifiioners, by virtue of this ad, (hall be applied by them, either in payment for the purciiafe of fuch principal fums fecured on debentures, or on capital (lock, as (hall be at or above par, in fuch manner, ami at fuch periods, as Ihall he directed by any future ad or ads of parliament, or to the purciiafe of any principal fum fecured on debentures, or capital (lock below par, or annuities for years, in manner herein after directed.

XIV.	And be it enaded, That all monits whatever, which (hall be placed from time to time to the account of the faid commifiioners, by virtue of this ad, which (hall not be direded by any future* ad or ads of parliament, to be applied in the purchafc of the principal fums, fecured on debentures, or on capital ftock, at or above par, (hall be applied by the faid commifiioners, in payments for the pur-chafe of fuch principal fums, and capital llock below par in the following manner; that i9 to fay, that all monies fo to be applied, which (hall have been placed to the account* of the faid commiffioners, between the twenty-fifth day of

March*

, The thirty-fevenlh Tearof George III.

Mirch in any year, and the firft day of May, then next cnI'niiig, fhall he applied to the purchafe of fuch principal rums, and capital ftock, on three days at the lead, in every week, between the faid firft day of May, and the firft day of Auguft, then next enfuing, and in like manner the fums to he applied, which lliall have been plac d \o the account of the faid commiftioners, between the end of any fuch quarter, and the full day of the calendar month, which (haft commence next after the end of fuch quarter, fhall be applied to the purchafe of fuch principal fums and capital ftock, on three days at the kafl, in every week, between the faid firft day of the calendar month, which (hall commence next after the end of fuch quarter, and the firft day of the calendar month which fhall commence next after the end of the quarter next enfuing.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That if at any time it fhall happen that there fhall be no fubii'iing debentures or capital ftock below par, and that the ncceffary mea-fures {hall not have been previoufly taken by Parliament, to enable and direft the faid commiftioners to apply the monies which fliall have been placed to their account by virtue of this aft, to the redemption of any fuhfifting debentures or capital ftock, which fhall be at or above par; the faid commiftioners are hereby authorized and required to apply the faid monies to the purchafe of any fubfiiling debentures or capital flock, at or above par, in the fame manner and under the fame regulations and reftrictions as are herein before provided, with refpeft to the purchafe of debentures . or capital ftock below par. v

XV f. And be it enafted, That out of the monies which fhall by virtue of this aft, be paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland and placed to the account ©f the Nfaid commiftioners f>r the reduction of the national debt, the faid commiftioners fhall and may, from time to time, purchafe any annuities for terms of years, which have been granted, or which hereafter may be granted in aid of any publick loan, for the ufe of the government of this kingdom.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiftioners, if they fliall think, it expedient at any time between the end of any quarter, and the firft day of the calendar month which fhall commence next after the end of fuch quarter, to fubferibe any of the monies which fhall have been placed to their account, at the end of fuch quarter, and alfo all fnch monies as fhall be placed to their account by virtue of this aft, during the remainder of the then current year, computed as by this aft

direfted

When no fid

fifHnj* ftr»ck bo low par, eom-mifiioners may purchafe at or above, par.

Commit oners may parchaic anuu tio».

Contmiffif'n-

ers nuy fub-feribe towards a Src. redeemable at par.

—— Digitized by kjOOQie

Provided filch loan fhall bear equal in-tcreft, as herein.

The fpeaker, chief fee. &c. tppointed com-imffioners, to eicrcife all powers, &c.

Commidioners may employ clerks, &c.

Order of «om-Huiliooers authority for bank to iffuc money, &c.

The thirty-fevrnth Tear of George III.

directed towards any publick. loan, to be laifedby virtue of any publick ad or afls of parliament, upon debentures or perpetual annuities, fulijed to redemption only at par, for which the laid Appropriated fund (hall be fccurity.

XVIII.	Provided always, That the loan to which fuch fub-feription fhall be made fhall bear the fame rate of interefl with fume principal fum fecured by debenture or capital flock, then fubfiOnig, and that the amount of the capital (lock or fccurity by debenture, to be given for every fum of one hundred pounds, to be fubferibed, (hall be eflimated according to the market price of fuch fub.Hfling debentures or dock, at the time of fuch fubfcriptioh.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That the right honourarue the fpeakcr of the houfe of commons, the right honourable the chancellor of the exchequer, the chief fecretary to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the accomptant general of the revenue, and the governor of the bank of Ireland, fhall be commidioners for carrying into execution the purpofes of this ad, and that all powers and authorities which the faid commifC-oners are or may be enabled or required to exercife, by the prefer.t or any future ad or ads of parliament, fhall and may be exercifed by any number not lefs than four of the faid commifiioneis.

XX.	And be it enabled, That the faid commidioners fhall be, and they are hereby authorized to appoint and employ fuch e’erks and other officers as fhall be neceda-ry, and that all proceedings whatsoever to be had by or before the faid commidioners, fhall be entered in proper books.

XXI.	And be it enabled. That the order of the faid commidioners fhall at any time, be a fufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of Ii eland, for ifluing and paying any part of the money to be veiled in the faid commidioners, in the manner htrein directed ; and fuch pe fo® or perfons as fhall, from time to time, be nominated and appointed by the faid commidioners, to make the purchafcs of public debts and annuities, on the account of the faid commidioners, for the ule of the public^ and for the purpofes of this ad, is and arc hereby authorized and enabled to accept the transfer of any flock or annuities to be purchased in the manner herein before df-reded, and to make the payments for the fame to the perfons from whom the fame fhall be purchafcd, and to give or accept all the necefTary receipts and acquittances on the part of the faid commidiouers.

XXII. Pi*.

The thirty-five nth Tear of George III.

XXII.	Provided always, That fucli nomination and ap* pointmeut, fhall from time to time, be notified to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, under the hands of the faid commiflioncrs.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That accounts fhall be made up to the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, uf all furns vvfiuteve. which (hall have been paid to the faid governor and company, or carried in their books to the account of the faid co : mi hi oners for the pur of; s of this a£l, and alfo of all debentures and fums o( p incipal or capital (lock of public annuities, which in purfuancc of this or any oth. r act within the year, comprehended in the faid account, {hall have been redeemed or paid off by the ftid commiflk ners, together with the inttrell accruing thereupon, and al o of the annual amount and particulars of any aomiitie* for the years, the :erms of which have expired, all annual intcreft reduced, or amount of anuuities payable in refpect of capital (lock faved by means 'of any fum raifed for that purpofe, bearing a lower intereft, brfore or within the year to the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year after the palling of this a6l, dating ft parmely the account* which arc- hereby required to be kept feparate, in confe-quencc of any future loan or loans, which accounts the fai l governor ar.d company are hereby required to lay before both houlVs of Parliament, on or before the firft day of February, immediately fallowing, if Parliament fhnH be then fitting, and if Parliament fhall not be then fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next feflion of Parliament.

XXIV.	And be it enabled, That fimilar accounts of all the faid feveral pa t'cula s, and for the fame periods, fhall alfo be prepared and laid before both houfes of Parliiment within the fame period by the (aid commiflioners, together alfo with an account of the times of their purefnfing, redeeming, and paying off any parts cf the publick debts and annuities, an! an account of the feveral prices paid for the fame, and of the whole expence attending the execution of the powers veiled in them by this a£t.

XXV.	Provided always, and b; it enabled, That dupli-eatesof th^ faid accounts fhall be laid at the fame time before the comroiffloners of hnpreft accounts* who are hereby authorized and required t,> proceed to the examination thereof, immediately after the end of the fefli >n of Parliament in which fuch accounts (hall have been fo la d before the two houfes of Parliament, after which examination by the faid commiflioners of impreft recounts, fuch account? fhall be further proceeded upon and finally determin-

2	ed

47

A. D.

^ 1 797-

Chap. 2 7.

Such nonvim* nation notWiol to hank.

Accounts made up to *$ Mar. every year, by tht bank, kc.

Similar accounts laid before pOiliultdlt, &c.

. Du4‘v<fate*

laid in-fore cnmmifli ner* of »mpi eft accounts.

Digitized by kjOOQle

i8

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

A. D.

1797-

Chap. 27.

Csilhicr» to give fccurity.

Lords of trea-fiiry may dif-charec incidental charges, as dirc£\cd herein.

Perfons who aflift in forging or altering certificates, ficc. (hall fuffer death.

ed to all intents and purpofes, in like form and manner as is and by law ought to be pradlifed in the cafe of accounts for monies iffned at the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, by way of imprefl and upon account.

XXVI.	And be it enabled, Hint the cafhicr or cafhiers of ihe governor and company of the bank of Ireland, (hall giv fecutity to the good liking of the laid commif-fioners for duly performing the trull hereby in him or them repofed.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That out of the faid confolidated fund, the lord high treafurer, or the commifiioners of his IVIajclly's treafury for the time being (hall have power, and they are hereby authcr'zed and required in each and every year, to discharge all fuch incidental charges not hereby otherwife provided for, as fhall neceflarily attend the execution of this adl, in fuch manner as (hall be diredled front time to time by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and alfo with the content of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as fhall be proper for the fervice, pains land labour of the faid calhier or cafhiers, and any other perfon or perfons, other than the faid commtf-fione.s, for performing the trull hereby repofed in him or them, all which allowances to be made as"” aforefaid, in refpeil of the fervices, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid company, and at their difpofal only.

XXVIII.	And be it cr.a6led. That if any perfon fhall forge or counterfeit, or cavfe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or lhall wilfully ail or affill in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, or-' der or orders made forth by virtue of this ail, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or prefent for payment, utter, vend, barter,or difpofe of any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, order or orders, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited* or altered, then and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon and

.perfons being thereof conviiled m due form 01 law, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer dcath«as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CHAP-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty feveuth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXIX.

An AB for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and amending an Ad puffed in the Thirty fifth Year of his Amended 38 Prefent Mayfly's Reign, entitled, An AB for making, •wid+G- 3- 3X* 6o* eningy and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dub*

Iin to Rat oat by and for ere Bing Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Preferments*

WHEREAS an aft of parliament pafled in the

thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majcf- Recital 35 0. J. ty, entitled, An aB for makingy widening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoath y and for ereding turn• pikes tbereony in aid of barony preferments ; and whereas feve-ral of the provifions of the faid aft have been found infuffi* cient for the purpofes thereby intended; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mo ft excellent Majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That 1 he before recited aft, fate fo far a3 is herein after excepted, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enafted by the authority aforelaid, That	.

for the better keeping in repair, widening, and (hortening the roads from Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, the earl of Beftive, the biftiop of Meath, the right honourable John Fofler, fpeaker of the houfe of commons, John Toler, his Majeily’s folicitor general, the members of parliament for the counties of Dublin and Meath, for the time being, the chairman of the quarter feflFns of Kilmainham, for the time being, colonel Hugh O*Reilly, Gorges Lowther of Kilrue, efquirc, vjames Hamilton, efquire, of Sheep-hill,

Henry Stephens Reilly, efquire, major Marley, Edward Bulkeley, efquirc, Daniel and Frederick Faulkner, efquires,

William Rathborne, efquire, James Bourfiquot, efquire, alderman fir William Worthington, major Faviere, colonel Cowley, and Henry Hamilton, efquire, being the truftee9 named in the faid recited aft, together with his grace the archbifliop of Dublin, the'carl of Famh?m,‘ lord Afhbnook, the hilhop of Kildaie. the reverend William Dobbin, the

reverend Anthony Darby, the reverend -------------- Martin,

Charles Stanley Monck, efquire, John Staunton Rochfort, efquire, Geoige Putland, efquire, George Cavendifh, efquire,

George Carrcul, efquirc, William Ball, efquire, John Gar^

Vox.. XL	D	nett,

49

/A. D*

1797-

films payable Itt former trof-teis, to be paid as herein*

TU tlirty-fcventh Year of George III,

nett, efquire, Mathew Pierfon, efquire, John Pentland, cf-quire, Richard Braflington, efquire, Thomas Savage, cf-quire, Capel Molhyneux, efquire, Charles Walker, efquirr, John Bayley, efquire, John Chamley, efquire, Paul Savage, efquire, William Smyth, efquire, Chriftophcr Abbott, tf-qmre, William Green, efquire, John Braflington, efquire, Henry Baker, efquire, Richard Hayes, efquire, James Cane of Ratoath, efquire, Hamilton Gorges, efquire, lord vtf-Count Conyngham, William Burton, Hans Hamilton, Robert Cornwall, John Staunton Rochfort, Blaney Townlcy Balfour, John Ball, James Whitcftone, Robert Ormfby, William Wynne, Robert Wynne, and John Garnett, cf-guires, be, and they arc hereby appointed truftees of the (aid road-

111* And be it further enaded, That all fums of money in the hands of the truftees named in the {aid recited a&, or of the treafurer by them appointed, or which were directed by the faid ad to be paid to the faid truftees, or Which are in the hands of any ptrfun or perfons, for the ufe of the faid truftees, or to which the faid truftees are in any manner entitled, by virtue of the faid ad, be, and the fame are hereby direded to be paid over to the truftees herein named, upon fuch fecurity given by them for the juft expenditure thereof, as was required from the truftees named m the faid recited ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any of the faid truftees herein appointed by name, {hall happen to die, or refign, it fhall be lawful for the remaining truftees, or any feven or more of them, on the firft Thurfday in any month, to eled a perfon to be a truftee in his ftead, and fo as often as a vacancy {hall happen by the death or refigna-tion of any perfon lo chofen.

V.	And be it enaded, That fev£n truftees fhall be ne-ceflary to coi.ftitute a meeting of the faid truftees, and that the ad of the majority of feven, legally convened, (hall be the ad of, &iid binding upon the faid truftees.

-	VI. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may

bc lawful, to and for any feven of the faid truftees, by no* tice in wilting, under their hands, at anytime, to call a meeting of the faid truftees, fuch notice fpecifying the caufe of affcmbling the truftees, and being potted on the feveral gates on the faid road, fourteen days previous to the time appointed for fuch meeting.

-	,	.	VII. And be it finther enaded, That the faid truftees

herein, C ^ fh&U meet ** the Royal Exchange in the city of Dublin, on the fifth day of May, next after the pafling of this ad, and (hall at fuch meeting, eled by ballot from ataongft the feid truftees, five diredors for each of the fipd roads, for the

Thiftee* to ,be clewed iii-fterfd of fuch as die 6t rdign.

? truftees to conftitute a meeting.

CjIJ a meeting at herein



The thirtyfeventh Tear of George III.

the fuper intending and managing thereof, ai^d for tranfaft-ing all bufinefs relative to the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of the death or refignation of any direftor, or in cafe any direftor chofen in purfuance of this aft, (hall neglcft or refufe to execute his trull, by refufal in writing, under his hand and <Joc* r ,	. .	1	3	r	o*	.	r	t	i*	at one meeting

leal, or by not attending at tome one meeting of the direc- during two

tors, during the firft two months after the paffing of this months, another

aft, it (hall be lawful for the laid truflees, or any feven of fcall be chofen,

them, to choofe by ballot from amongfl the faid tmllees,

one perfon to be a direftor in his place, and to as often as

the cafe (hall happen, fourteen days previous notice being

given of the meeting, in tome public paper, and being alfo

polled on each pay-gate, fpecifying that fuch meeting is to

be held for the eleftion of a direftor.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every direftor who (hall be elefted purfuant to this aft, (hall, before he (hall aft as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath, in the words following, before one of the truflees before mentioned, who is hereby empowered to adminifler the fame:

\ A. B. do /wear that I will well and truly dfharge the DircOor* duty of a chrefior of the road from the city of Dublin, to	®ath>

according to the bejl of myjkill, without	»

favour or maftce, and that I will account faithfully with the truflees of the faid road, for all money received by me as director, and that I will as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint a competent and proper fupervifor of the faid road, to aB under the directors of the faid road.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the faid direftors of Dire&ors 4u« each of the faid roads, or any three of them, (hall, as toon ty*

at they conveniently can, after they be elefted and f.vorn as afore faid, meet at tome place convenient to fuch road, and - Ihall have power from time to time, to choofe a proper perfon to be fupervifor of fuch road, and to appoint a falary for fuch fupervifor, not exceeding the fum of thirty pounds in the year, and that the number of attendances of every fupervifor, chofen purfuant to this aft, (hall be afeertained by the oath of fuch fupervifor, to be taken before any one of the faid direftors, which oath the faid direftors, or any one of them, arc and is hereby empowered anddirefted to ad-minifter; and that any three or more of the faid direftors a/Tembled together, (hall have power from time tp time, to remove any fupervifor ~ the free will and plcafure of fufti direftors, and to appoint another fupervifor in the Read of luch fupervifor to removed, and in cafe of death or rciigna-

D 2	tioa

) '

5*

A. D.

^797-Chap. 29. —^/|

If a .director



5*

A. D.

l191-Chap. 29.

The thirty feventh Tear of George HI.

ticn, to appoint another fupervifor in the dead of fuch fii pervifor fo dying or refigning.

XI And be it further enafted, That every fupervifor who fliall be chofen and appointed by the direftots purfuant to this ad, fhall, before he fhall aft as fuch, take and fub-feribe an oath, in the words following, to wit:

Supcrvifor’s \ g fj9 fdemn'y frurar, that I will honejlly and dili-a*^1,	gently	execute the office of a fupervifor of the road, from the city

of Dublin, to	and	that	I	will,	according

to the hsjl of my JkiU and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me by the direQars of the faid road, and that I will} when called upon by the faid directors, or any three of thcrfu account for all money which Jhall be confided to me by the faid di-redors, or be by me received by virtue of this ad.

So help me GotL

which oath any three of the direftors thereof, or any of them aflembled together, are hereby empowered and required to adminitterto fuch'fupervifor.

Duty of Su- XII And be it further enafted, That the fupervifors of pcrvtfors. each Gf the faid roads fhall* as often as required by the faid direftors thereof, or any of them, attend on the faid road, and lhall fee that all orders and works directed and ordered by the faid direftors, be properly executed and performed, and fliall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the faid direftors, of the Hate, nature and cir-cumfiances of the faid road, and fhall remove all nuifances, obftruftions and incroachmentt on the faid road, and fhall „ fuperintend all workmen and labourers, working and labour* ir»g on the faid road, and pay them their wages, but fub-jeft to the orders of the faid direftors, and each fupervifof fhall keep a book, containing a journal of his own proceedings, and fhall attend all meetings of faid direftors and truf-tees, if uqnired ; and if any fupervifor fhall negleft or re* fufe to perfmm his office of fupervifor, as required by this a \t, and fliall be thereof convifted by the oath of any two or more credible witpefTes, before any juflice of tbe peace, tvciy fuch fupervifor fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by dlflicfs and fale* of fuch fupervifors good?, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jullice, rendering the overplus, if any, to fuch fupervifor.

3 dir-Sots XIII. And be it fuither enafted, That any three of the may erect pay- faid direftoid of fuch road, fhall have full power to ereft or d fcaufe to be erefted, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates, up-houicn, &c. as on and acrofs any part or parts of the faid road, and fhall fccnx.. * have power to build, hire, or rent a toll houfe, convenient

to

The thirty feventh Tear of George III*

ttf every fuch gate, and to demand and take by fuch perfon or perfons as they or any three or more of them (hall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every fuch gate, before a,ny beaft or carriage herein after mentioned (hall be permitted to go through the fame; that is to fay, for every Coach, chariot, phaeton, chaife, or other carriage, not of burthen, for each horfe or other beaft drawing the fame, the (urn of four pence; and for every waggon, dray, cart, car? or other carriage of burthen, drawn by more than one horfe, or other beaft or burthen, the ftrdaks or ftioeing of the wheels whereof, /hall be fet on with counterfunk flatheaded nails, bolts or ferews, and fhall not hie lefs than fix inches in hreadth, for each horfe or other beaft drawing the Came, the fum of one penny ; and for every fuch carriage of burthen, the ftioeing of the wheels without (hall be lefs than fix inches# but not lefs than four inches, for each horfe or other beaft drawing the fame, the fum of two pence, and if the (hoeing of the wheels without fhall h* lefs than four inches, for each horfe or other beaft drawing the fame, the Cum of four pence 5 and for every cart, dray, or car, drawn by one horfe dr other beaft of burthen, the ftioeing of the wheels without fhall be fet on in like manner and (hall not be lefs than four indies in breadth, the fum of one penny, aud if the (hoeing of the wheels without' be lefs than four inches but not leis than three inches in breadth, the fum of two pence, and if the (hoeing of the wheels without be lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence, and if any of the ftreaks or ftioeing of any of the wheels of any fuch carriage fhall be fet on with high or fpring headed nails, bolts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or ferews, not being ccunterfuuk and flat-headed, the fum of one (hilling for every Jiorle or other beaft drawing the fame, for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or uidoaden the fum of one peony ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle* the fum of twenty pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number; for every drove of calves, Cheep, lambs, or pigs, the fum of ten pence by the fcorei and-io in proportion for any greater or lefs number; fot* provided always, that for every car whofe wheels however narrow they may be, (hall be formed and put on fo as to * jrn round the axletree, and whofe axlecree fhall be fixed fo as not to turn round with the wheels, the fum of one penny-only, and no more (hall be demanded or taken at any fuch gate, for each horfe or other.beaft drawing the fame, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of fuch wheels be fet on with cotinterfunk -flat-headed nails, bolts, or fcrew'S.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful

Pay-gates may

for the iaid direttora of each 0/ the faid roads, or any three be ereAed,6cc.

or as herein.

Google

54	Tbi	thirty-fcocntb	Tear	ef	George	IIL

A. D.	or more of them, to cre& a pay-gate or pay-gates, on tlK

1797-	fide of the (aid road, aciofs any lane, or way leading out of

Chap. 29,	the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe fot

every fuch gate, and there to demand and receive fucb toll* as are appointed by this a6t to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every foch gate ihall be deemed * pay-gate.

Tolls paid but	XV. And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon fhall bo

once a day for	liable to pay any of the faid tolls, more than once in the

Ume cattle,	fame Jay with the fame cattle and carriage, in the fame

road ; but that every perfon having paid fuch toll once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the fuccecding night, pafs and repafs toll free through every pay-gate in the fame road, with the fame cattle and carnage for which fuch toll fiiall have been paid, on producing a ticket, denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required rcfpe&ingthe fame, which ticket every colle&or is required to give gratis, on receiving fuch toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiflion or refufal, upon conviftion before any juflicc of the peace for the county in which fuch offence ihall be committed, or before any of the faid truftees, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and to ad-miniftcr oaths for that purpofe.

Tolls may he XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon /hall leaned by diftrcls, refufc to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this adt, it fiiall be lawful for the collector thereof, or perfon acting as fucli, to levy the fame by diftrefs of the horfe or horfe6, or other bead or bealts, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this adt impofed, or upon the goods or chatties of the perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and fuch horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chatties, may be detained until fuch toll fhall be paid, with the rcafonable charges of fuch dif-trefs ; and if the fame fiiall not be paid within four days, it fiiall be lawful for the colledlor, or perfon adling-as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the faid toll, and the full cx-pences of the faid diftrefs, dctmiie 2nd fale. tol. Penalty XVII. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon or , for forcibly paf- perfons fhall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe, ling, &c.	bead, or carriage, through any pay-gate on either of the

faid roads* without paying the toll by this aft required, or producing a proper tickets aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate, or fhall knowinglyor defignedly aftault, interrupt, or obftrucl any of the colle&ors or perfons employed iq colle&ing or receiving any of the faid tolls, or othrrwife in the execution ...	..it	Of

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

of liis or their employments of receiver or collector, or (hall forge, counterfeit or alter, or fliall deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or per fans, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thereof; every perfon fo offending, being convi&ed thereof upon the oath of any one credible witneft, before any juftice ef the peace, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; and it (hall be lawful for •very collector or perfon acting as fuch, and all other per-fons by him required to affift m that refpcCt, to feize any horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages with all goods theieon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any juftice of the peace, who is hereby required to inquire into fuch offence, and if upon convi&ion before fuch juftice, upon the oath of any credible witnefs, the party or parties complained oflhall not pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his haud and fea!, to caufie the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo diftrained, to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penalties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and ef fuch (ale, rendering the overplus, if any,

. upon demand, to the owi^r or owners of the fame, or to the perfon or perfons under whofe care or in whofe poffeffion respectively the fame was when fo feized as aforefaid, or if no fufficient diftrefs (hall have been feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons tq the common gaol, there ,to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch fines and penalties, tolls and charges be paid, 4

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, TJiat every ticket to be given as aforefaid, by any collector, for any carriage expre^Tcdin which is fubjeCfc to different tolls in refpeCt to the different tickets, penalty breadths or (hoeings of its wheels, (hall truly fpecify the fum received, the number of horfes or other beads drawing the c* fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that i# to fay^ whether four inches or more, whether under four, and not lefs than three inches, and alio whether llat-ihod, or (hod w ith fiigh or fpring-hcaded nails, bolts or (crews ; and if any ticket (hall not fpecify all the faid matters truly, the collector of the faid tolls at the gate where fuch ticket (hall have been given, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, upon conviction on oath of one credible witnefs, be~ tope any juftice of the peace# and in cafe of not paying the fame immediately, (hall be committed by warrant under the band and feal of fuch juftice to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace ' of one month, or until the faid fine (hall be paid.

7	XIX.	And

Google

■y 6	The	thirty	fcventh	Tear	of George III.

A. D. XIX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawfti 179?. for the fupervifor, or any direftor or truftee, or any magif-Chap. 29. trate, conftable, or fub-conftable, to flop on any part of either of the faid roads, any cart, car, dray, waggon, wain, or ' Any fbpervi other carriage or carriages of burthen which (hall havepafTed for, &c. may during the fame day through any pay-gate on the faid road, on either roads,	whofe wheels (liall not be font* inches in breadth	in the foa),

whofe	wheel*	or (hall have any large or fpring-headed nails in	their ftreakf

arc not as here* or (homing, and to require the driver or perfon attending the

*	famej to produce the ticket which he or (he (hall have re-

ceived at fiich pay-gate, for the toll paid for the fame, and If fuch driver 6r perfon (hall negleft or refufe	to produce

*	fuch ticket immediately on demand, or if fuch	ticket when

produced (hall not ceitify the Whole toll, payable for the

’lame by virtue of this aft, or (hall contain any other deferip-iion of the breadth and (hoeing of the wheels than the truth,

*	it (hall be lawful for fuch pertons to feize and diilrain the faid horfe, or other beafl and carriage or carriages, or good* and chattels, and the fame may be detained until the toll pre cribed by this aft for the fame, (hall be paid with the

’ reafonable charges of fuch diflrefs, and detaining, and if the fame (hall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for the perfons who (hall have feized to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver on '	demand after payment of the faid toll, and the full expences

of the laid dhtrefs, detaining and fale.

Car*, 6ee. may ‘ XX« And be it further enafted, That every colleftor or pa/gatc^ftV other perfon afting as fuch, (hall have power to detain at {mtil the (Ircaks any pay-gate: every car, cart, or other carriage whereon arr meafuivd; the toll payable varies according to the breadth of the 51 • ^rna-!y < n (freaks or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meafure the fame* obilxu'iti/.g. ° anc* every fupervifor, direftor, truftee, magiftrate, conftable, or fub-conliable, (hall have the like power to (lop and n*ca-fure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage, on any part of either 6f the faid loads, and if any driver or other per-fe;i (ha!! hinder or lefufe to permit fuch colleftor or fuch other perfon to meafdre the wheels of any fuch carriage, and (1 lall be convlfted thereof updn the oath of any one credible ifritnefs, before any j 1 ft fee of the peace, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied by dill refs and fde of faid car or other carriage, and th£ ‘horfe or horfe?, or other beafb drawing the fame, and the goods thereon by warrant under the hand and feal of furh juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, after dedufting the laid fine, and the expences of luch diftrefs and fale to the owner on demand. .	*

jo*. Penalty on XXI. And be it farther enafted, That if any perfon of Perfons whatfoever, owning, renting, or occupying

7Th tlirty-feventh Tear of George Ilf.	57

land near unto any pay-gate, eftablilhpd or crefted, or to be A? IX created in purfuance of this aft, (hall for gain, reward, or *797* ©therwife knowingly or willingly permit any perfon or per- Chap. fons whatfoever, to pafs through any gate, paftage, or way, >—-— with any horfe, beaft, cattle, or carriage liable to toll, on cit^le or carrj-pafiing through any pay-gate pn the faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to 5e paid, and be hnd^oavoid thereof conyifted upon the oath of any one credible witnefs toll*, before any juftice of the peace, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus,	*

if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing o£ the faid goods being firft deduced.

XXII.	, And be it further enafted, 'fhat it (hall be Jaw- Truftccs may ful for the faid truftees, or any feven gr more of them, to

appoint a treafurer at a yearly falary, not exceeding fifty y™**and ma* pounds, and a? they (hall fee occafion to remove him, and remove him, appoint another perfon jn his ft?ad, and to take from every perfon whom they (hall appoint, fuch fecurity as they (hall think proper, for his duly accounting for and paying all money which he (hall receive a^ treafurer, andfordepofiting the fame from time to time in the bank of Ireland.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the treafurer Dutyof trea-fhall attend the meetings of the faid direftors as often as he fijrc|'-

(hall be thereunto required by any one or more of them, and (hall keep feparate books of account for each road, in fuch manner as any three of the direftors of each road (hall from time to time order, and (hall depofite all fuch fums as he (hall receive as treafuftr, whenever the fame (hall amount to one hundred pounds, or upwards, in the bank of Ireland, to be placed to the credit of the direftors of the faid road, fpcci-fyiag how much thereof isto/Oe placed to the credit of each road, and’ all fuch fums (hall remain in the hank until drawn out, as by* this aft is hereafter direfted ; and that it (hall be lawful for any three of the faid direftors to difmifs any trea furer from his office, who (hall negleft to give fuch attendance, or to keep fuch books, or to give any information which may be required of him, refpeftmg his receipts and payments as treafurer, or to depofite the whole, or any part of the balance in his hands in the bank, as often as he (hall be ordered fo to do by any three of the faid direftors.

aXIV. And be it further enafted, That when the directors of eith< r of the faid roads, or any three of them (hall order any fum to be paid to any perfon, the treafurer fnall

,	produce

Digitized by {jOoq le

5*

A. J>.

1797. Chap. 29.

Draft of Pay* meat.

The thirty feventh Tear rfCtorgt HI. produce to them engraven drafts in the form following, payable to fuch perfon.

To the governor and company of the hank of Ireland\

Pay\ to	the fum of

which place to the account of the diredors of the road leading from the city of buhltn, to

J8. C. D. E. F. Eire dors.

G* Hn Treafurcr.

Director* may XXV. And be it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the appoint eollec* f^d (Hreftors refpeftively, or any three or more of *thcm, t9 wraan.2 appoint as many colleftors as (hall be neceflary for receiving the tolls at the pay-gates, at fuch falary or wages as (hall be approved cf by them, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum for each colleftor 5 and each and every fuch colleftor (hall pay the monies by him collefted or received to the treafurcr appointed by the faid truftees, once at lead in every month, and as much oftener as he fhall be thereunto required by any of the faid directors or truftees, or by the fupervifor, and (hall alfo upon oath, if thereunto required by the faid treafurcr, pr by any of the faid direftors or truftees, which oath any one of the faid directors or truftees is hereby empowered to adminifter, give in from time to time a true, exaft and perfect account in writing of all monies by him coUe&ed or received, by virtue of this aft, or by reafon of the faid employment ; and if any fuch colleftor (hall re-fufe or omit fo to do, and (hall be thereof convifted upon the oath of any one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch colleftor to gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he (hall give in fuch account Upon oath, and pay all fuch monies as he (hall have received for the faid direftors by virtue of this aft.

Direftors	XXVI.	Provided	always,	and	be	it	enafted,	That	the

may leafe toll* faid direftors of erfeh of the faid roads; or any three of

frr any time them, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby empow-not lefs than 1	, r	,	•	.	•	.	•	■p.	», •

nor more than _cre« on fourteen days notice being given in any two Dublin

5 years, on giv- papers, for that purpofe, to leafe or farm by the year, for irg 14 days no- any time not exceeding three years, nOr lefs than one year, iinC T	to^B	^	Payahle»	to any perfon or perfons, at or

hemn. * fot the largeft yearly fum that can |>e got for the fame r Provided-always, that they be fetby publick cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and figned by the party taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper fecurity be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and that

every

Digitized by

The tfnrty-feventl Tear of George III.

tvery fuch agreement be approved of and figned by three at lead of the laid directors prefent at fuch cant,

XXVII.	And be it further enabled. That every perfon appointed to receive the toll at any pay* gate on either of the (aid roads, by any perfon or perfons taking the fame by leafe, (hall have all and fingular the like powers and autho- PoiBlj£ kief" rities, and be fubjeft to and under all and fingular the like tQ regulations, penalties and reftri&ions, as any collector ap-

pointed by the faid directors can or (hall have, or be fubjeft to by virtue of this aft, except as to paying the tolls col-kfted to the treafurer, and accounting for the fame to him,

» or to the direct ors or truftees.

XXVIII.	And.be it further enafted, That if any col- Penalty <m lector or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid direc- collr&or* who * tors, or by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or

Contraft, or any perfon afting as fuch, (hall permit any car-	p*7-

riage, horfe, or beaft whatfoever, to pafs through any pay- mcr,t Gf toil*, gate, without payment of the toll payable for the fame, by &c. virtue of this aft, or a proper certificate a9 before direfted being produced therewith, and (hall omit to feize fuch car, carriage, or bead, or (hall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law direfts for fuch offence, or (hall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the palling through the gate after notice (hall be given to him, that the driver thereof has obftrufted the execution of this aft, in any refpeft, every perfon fo offending (hall, upon conviftion thereof before any one juffice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and on non payment thereof,

(hall be committed by warrant under the hand and Teal of fuch juffice, to the common gaol or houfe of correftion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding fix months, or until the faid fine be paid.

XXIX And be it further enafted, That whenever and	a map of in-

*s often as the faid direftors of either of the faid roads (hall tended altcra-thiuk it expedient to form a new line of road between any t,f>n of of ^ two points of the fame, for the purpofopof (hortening the	^	c^°"

diflance, or avoiding hillfc, or for the greater convenience of treafurer, ficc. travellers, it (hallbe lawful for them to depofilc, or caufe to be depofited with the treafurer of the county through which fuch new road (hall be propofed to be made, a map thereof, with a declaration thereon, figned by three of the faid directors at the lead, fetting forth their determination to lay out fuch new road, of the breadth of fixty feet in the clear, and dblinguilbiug the feveral town-knejs and baronies, through which the fanhe is to be made, and exprefling the number of perches in length, that fuch new road is intended to be car-tied through each town-la * ; and they (hall alfo depofite, of caufe tp be depofited with fuch treafurtr, an affidavit, or

affidavits.

Pcrfoa* ap-

Digitized by

Google

*•

A. D.

*797- .

Chap, 29.

Tresfurers

who receive . fuch Maps, &c. (hall keep them ©pen fur inijpcc-tiyA.

If Map, &c. were depofited with treafurer 21 days before term or afiizet, declaration (hall be read in court, a» herein.

Verd?& of }*rj ccnclufive.

Tic thirty fnenth Yw of George III.

affidavits, fetting forth th*t a copy of fuch declaration ha* been potted upon the door of the county court-houfe, and that a like copy has been personally ferved on, or left at the boufc of every occupier of the ground, through which fuch new road is intended to be made ; or in cafe the relidence of any occupier of any part of fuch ground, (hall not be known to the fa id dire^ors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a confpicuous manner, on fuch part of fuch ground, and on the toll-gate of the road neareft thereto.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That every treafurer to whom fuch map, declaration, affidavit or affidavits (hall be delivered, (hall keep the fame open for the infpedion of all penons, whom the fame may concern, and (hall lay the fame before the court of king's bench, on the firft fitting day of term, nejet immediately enfuing, if in the county of X)ublip, or before the next ajfizes held for the county of ^leath, if the bind through which fuph road (hall b« intended to be made, (hall be fituate therein, together with his certificate, Certifying upon oath, the day Jie received the fame.

XXXI.	And be jt further enaded, That if it (hall appear by fuch certificate, that fuch map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits, (hall have been depofited with fuch treafurer, twenty-one days before the fitting day of term, or firft day of fuch affizes; the faid declaration (ha}l be read in open court, and if any owner or occupier of the ground, through which fuch new road is to be made, (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved thereby, in refped of fuch ground, fuch owner or occupier may traverfe the fame for damages, by entering a traverfe thereto, with the clerk of the crown for damages, at the fijme term or affizes ; which traverfe (ha)l be tried at the nifi prius fittings, after the fame term, or at the fame affizes, uniefs good and fufficient caufe (hall be (hewg upon oath for not trying it then, in which cafe it (hall be tried at the ritfiprius fittings, or affixes next immediately ei*?-filing; and every fuch traverfe (hall be entered and tried i* like manner, and like fecurity be given for profecuting the fame, as is ufual in the cafe of a travelfe of a prefentmeot of a grand jury, for laying out and making a new road.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That the jury wh^ (hall try any fuch traverfe, (hall true verdid give, whether any, and what damages will accrue to the perfon taking fucU traverfe by fuch new road being made, which verdid (hall be conclusive to fuch traverfer ; and upon the fum fo found for damages beipg paid to fuch traverfer, or depofited wvitt& the county treafurer for his or her ufe, and upon all fuch da* mages as (hall be found upon each traverfe which may be tried, being fo paid or depofi^d, or upon verdids found agairnl the traverfers, or upon each traverfe which may havp

bcea

Digitized by

Google

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

been entered being withdrawn, or not tried purfuant to this aft, or upon no traverfe being entered, it (hall be lawful for the faid direftort, or any three of them, or fucb perfons as they (hall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make fucb new road, without the interruption of any perfon whatever.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid di-reftors, fupervifor9, collectors, and all other perfons, (hall Have all and lingular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties and forfeitures (hall affeft and extend to every part of any new road laid out by the faid di-reftor8, as are provided or enafted with refpeft to any part of either of the faid roads, and that every fuch map, declaration, and affidavit, (hall be preferred among the records of the county, with the treafurer of the faid county.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where the faid directors (hall alter ttie prefent road by taking off any unnecefiary angles, or making a new line of road, they (hall caufe a map of fuch parts of the prefent road, as (hall in confequencc thereof, b£ difeontinued by them, as part of the turnpike road, for the ufe of travellers, to be depofited with the treafurer of the county, in which fuch parts (hall be (ituate ; and if the grand jury of fuch county (hall not within eight months, from the time fuch map (hall be fo depofited, prefent fuch parts to be kept open as a public road, every fuch part of the old road as (hall not be fo prefented, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be vefted in the faid direftors, for the benefit of the faid road, and (hall and may be fet or fold by the faid direftors, or any three of them, and the rent or money arifing therefrom, (hall be applied by them towards the payment of the rents, or pur-chafe of fuch grounds as they may think proper to take by yearly rent, or to purchafe for any of the purpofes herein before mentioned.

XXXV.	Provided always, That no fuch prefentment for keeping open any fuch part of the prefent road, (hall be made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible perfons, who can read and write, fetting forth that fuch part of the road is necefiary to be kept open, as a pub-lick road, for the convenience of travellers.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if at anytime thereafter, the grand jury of fuch county (hall prefent the fame to be (lopped up, it (hall be immediately thereupon, and is hereby declared to be vefted in the faid direftors, without any further aft done on their behalf, as fully as if the fame never had been prefented to be kept open.

XXXVII.	And whereas the direftors of the faid two roads, may find it expedient that the faid two roads (hould join, at or near the town of Finglafs, and be continued in

one

61

A. D.

^797-

Chap. 29.

Power* extended to new. roads, and maps, 6c c.

Maps of fuch parts of prefect road as (hall be difeontinued, to be depofited with county treafurer.

Method of keeping pre-fentments.

G. Jury may prefent pans to be flopped up.

If dire*9ors choofe they may make the 1 roads join at finglas.

6l	7%i	ihiriy-Jevcntb Temr pf George III.

A. D* one line from thence, to the boundaries in the county of 1797. Dublin; be it further ena&ed, That in fuch cafe all ex-Chap. 29. pences attending the laying out, and repairing fuch road from their jun&ion, (hall be defrayed in equal proportions, out of the tolls of the faid two roads, and that fuch road (hall be under the fuperintendance and management of the dire&ors of both of faid roads.

TMreAonmay XXXVIII. And whereas the dire&ors of both or either forma newline cf thc ^3^ may find h expedient to lay out and form hrrrjj|C ty> **	* new ^nc °f r0^ from any Part of either of the faid pre-

fent roads to the city of Dublin $ be it further enadtcd, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the dirc&ors of each of the faid roads, or any three of them, to defign and lay out in what manner and through what grounds fuch road (hall be made, and to rent or purchafe all fuch grounds as they (hall think neceflary for them to be poflcfied of, for the purpofe of laying out fuch new road, and (hall caufe notice to be given to the feveral owners or occupiers thereof, and a map thereof to be depofited with the treafurer of the county of Dublin, agreeable to the prescriptions of this aft, and that upon payment to the feveral owners or proprietors of fuch grounds, of all damages found for them, fuch grounds (hall be vefted in the faid directors, for the ufe of the faid road, and they may proceed to lay out fuch new road, without the interruption of any perfon whatfoever.

Crand Juries XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the grand juries of the counties of Dublin, and frntforwidc-C"	at	any	tcrm or affixes, to prefent any part of the

ftmg faid road faid road within their refpc&ive counties to be widened to to 60 feet, &c. the width of fixty feet, upon the requell of three of the dire Aors in writing, and an affidavit fworn before any* two magiitrates for fuch county, or before the court, by any two credible perfons, that the pat*t of the faid road, fo requefled to be widened, is not of the width of iixty feet; provided •	always, that if the owner or occupier of the land, where

the faid road is to be widened as aforefaid, (hall think him-,	fdf or herfelf aggrieved by fuch picfcntment, it (hall be

lawful for fuch perfon to traverfe the fame, at the fame term or affizes for damages, and fuch traverfe (hall be tried at the nift print fittings, alter fuch term, or at the next enfuing af-fizes, and upon all damages which (liall be found by the jury, who (hall try fuch travelfe, being paid to the treafurer, or depofited with the county treafurer for his or her ufe, it (hall be lawful for the faid diredtors to proceed in widening the f ame purfuant to the faid preferment, without the interruption of any perfon whatfoever.

XL. And be it enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Oun* for" gtand juries, of the counties of Dublin and Meath, to pre-widctiing roads.	fent

Direftort may

7'he thirty fevatth Tear of George III.

feat to be railed on the county at large, all fuch (urns of money as (hall be necefTary for widening the faid roads, to the breadth of fixty feet, to be raHed at fuch times and in fuch proportions, as the faid grand juries (hall appoint*

XU. And whereas the tolls to be coUe&ed on the faid turnpike roads will not be fufficient to anfwer the feveral charges thereon, and to repair and widen the faid roads, and form fuch new lines of road as mayj^e necefTary $ be it further enaftcd, That any three or more of the faid dircftora of each road, (hall and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum, and Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four thoufand pounds ftcrling, as they (hall judge necefTary, towards repairing and widening the faid road, and forming new lines of road, in the place and (lead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by virtue of this a£t ; and that for all fuch fums fp to be borrowed, bills, entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpecified, (hall be ifiued and fign-ed by the treafurer for the time being, and figned by, and fealed with the feals of three or more of the faid dire&ors, and that fuch bills (hall bear fuch intereft, from the date thereof, as (hall be agreed upon, between the faid dire&ors, and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the legal rate of intereft by the hundred, by the year, and that for fuch fums a9 (hall hereafter be borrowed by the (aid dire&ors as aforefeid, there (hall be paid by the treafurer for the time being, by and with the order and diredion of three or more of the faid directors on every firft day of May, and every firfl day of November, after the refpedive dates of fuch bills, to the hold- . ers thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of faid road, fuch intereft as (hall be fo agreed upon in full to the faid days fo appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, without any fee or charge whatfoever, and free from all dcdu&ions, defalcations and abatements, until the principal fums therein mentioned be refpe&Jvely paid at one payment, and that all fuch bills as (hall be fo iflued and figned, (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered, provided that no fuch bill /hall be ilTucd for lefs than fifty pounds, or for more than . one hundred pounds.

XJLII. <And be it further enabled, That if any part of If intereft be the faid intereft (hall be behind or unpaid by the treafurer for unpaid for 7 the fpace of feven days after .any of the days fo appointed ^nceftor mar for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor or lord-keeper, appoint a re- 7 or comraiiiiriQers of the great feal, may, upon a petition and ceiver, or order affidavit appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls of fcqueftratiou. the faid xqoA as may be neceflary to pay fuch intereft and the

receivers

54

A. D.

*797-Chap. 29.

Application

tolls.

Expenditure

tr> he accounted for on oath, &c.

Diredors may

purchafe * ground, dee.

Penalty on peiTon* who do not account within x month.

Tie thirty-Jeventh Yctrtf George III.

irtceiver's fees, and all reafonable cofts attending fuch application, or may mak£ fuch order for fequeftering the tolls for the payment thereof, as tojuftice fhall appertain.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That the tolls of the federal gates on each of the faid roads, fhall be applied in dif-chargeof the intereft upon fuch debentures as (hall be iflued for the faid fum of four thoufand pounds or any part thereof, and that the faid diredors, or any three or more of them, may expend from time to time, fuch fums of money as fhall be received by the treafurers in the payment of the faid trea-furers falary appointed as aforefaid, in ereding and repairing gates and toll-houfes, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps in each of the faid roads, in ereding mile-flones, mile-polts, and diredion.pofh, paying toll-colledors and fupervifors in the expences of furveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the faid road and Fencing it where widened, in forming new lines of road, and paying all cofts attending the fame, in draining, forming and graveling, drefling, cleaning, or repairing the faid road, in the rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their diferetion, and in laying materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter feafon.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the expenditure of all fuch money fhall be accountable for upon oath before the faid diredors, which oath any of the faid di-redors or truftees is hereby empowered to adminifter, fpeci-fying the particular manner in which every part of it fhall have been expended, and fuch account fhall be laid before the faid truflees, together with a copy of all. orders of expenditure made by the faid diredors, by being depofited with their treafurer once at the lead, in every three months, and as much oftener as the faid truftees or any feven or more of them (hall require.

XLV. And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the faid diredors or any three or more of them to pur-chafe all fuch ground, houfe, or houfes as may be neceflary for widening the faid road, or making new roads in place of any parts of the prefent road, or for depofiting materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the ferapings and cleanfing thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon to whom the expenditure of any of the faid money fhall be en-trufted by the faid diredors, (hall not account for fo much ns he fhall have expended of the fame in manner aforefaid, within one month after he fhall be thereunto required by any of the diredors, or of the faid truftees, he fhalTforfeit double the fum which he (hall be fo required to account for, and upon non pa) raent thereof, (hall be committed by warrant under

SnperviforstO make monthly return*, on

Ac.

Tie thirty froentb Tear of George III.

the hand and feal of the juft ice before whom he (hall be confided, upon the oath of any credible witnefs, to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, there to remain until the faid forfeiture be paid.

XLVII. And be it further enaded, That every perfon appointed fupervifof of either of the faid roads, fhall once in every month, return to the faid diredors thereof, an account ^th^f'pardon oath, of the (late of the road, the Condu& of the gate- culan herein keepers and overfeers, workmen and labourers, fo far as the fpecified. feme (hall have fallen within his obfervation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages palling through any of the pay-gates thereon, Which he has examined, have been conformable to this ad, or wherein they have differed, what nuifances, encroachments or offences agaiuft this ad he has found or'obferved refpeding the faid road, what fteps he has taken to remove or remedy them* what penalties he has levied, and the feveral days on which he has infpeded the faid road, and what part thereof he has infpeded on each day.

XL VIII. And be it further enaded. That any fupervifor Supervifors of each of the faid reads* Hull have power to repair any fud- may repair Hidden breaches or holes, which he may have obferved in any dcn brcacbe*» part of the faid road* firft receiving an order for the purpofe from any two of the diredors thereof* and the expence thereof (hall be laid before the diredors at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and fpccifying the particulars thereof* they or any three or more of them* may order the expences to be paid by the t res furer.

XLIX. And be it further enaded* That every perfon appointed by any three or more of the laid diredors to make, gravel, repair or fuperintend the faid road or any part of it*

Audi have power and authority to dig for, fearch, raife, and carry away any gravel, ft ones, fand* of pther materials which maybe wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to^make drains in order to carry off water from or preventing its injuring the faid road, on of through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard* haggard, yard, planted lawn or avenuetoa manfion-houfe, and that every fuch perfon fo appointed, (hall make f^jsfa&ion td the owners and occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, m manner and under the like regulations as is, are or (hall he ena&ed with refpedt to damages done by the overfeers appointed by the preferments of grand juries.

L. And whereas it is neceffary for the further management of the faid roads, that the drains along either fide thereof,

Ihould be under the controul of the ?ai£ diredors; be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall fcour, deepen, fill up, or widen any drum or ditch on the fide of any part of

Voi, XL	£	the

Perfoni appointed by diredors may raife gravel, lec.

Drains on each fide of the roads to be under controul ef diredors.

66

The thirty-fcventh Tear of George III.

the fa!d road without the order of the faid dire&ors or any three or more of them, it (hall be lawful for any of the faid diredors to caufe the fame to be filled up or fcoured, as the cafe may be, according to his diferetion, and to levy the expence thereof by didrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon.

LI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall «>ntri * 'to° ^uild any houfe, or Part °f an houfe within forty feet of the the p^orifion*of ccntrc °f either of the faid roads, or (hall build any cabbin this aft.	or houfe, whofe walls (hall not be fourteen feet high at the

lead, and built with (lonesand bricks, and lime mortar, and dated or tiled, within eighty feet of any part of either of the faid roads, or (hall build any wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of the centre of the faid roads, or (hall make or have any paflage or. way from the faid roads, into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way, or pafTage, as deep as the drain or ditch,' over which it is or (hall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pafs, or (hall burn, or (hall permit or fuffer to be burned on his or her land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable fubdance for a(hes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion thereof by the oath of one. credible witnefs, before any julticc of the peace, or upon the view of fuch juftice, forfeit thefum of five pounds ; and if any perfon (hall keep or have in his or her poflefiion, any cur-dog, madid, or bull-dog, at any houfe within fifty yards of the faid road, without a block of wood, of five pounds weight, at the lead, fadened to the neck of every fuch dog, or (hall winnow, of lay out for winnowing, any corn on the faid road, or (hall lay^ any draw, dung, or rubbilh thereon, or (hall ferape the fame, or (hall lay the fcouring, or earth of any ditch or drain, on the faid road, and let it remain there for more than the fpace of twenty-four hours, or (hall leave on any part of the fame, between enclofure and enclofure, or permit to be left thereon, oppofite or near to his or her houfe, any carriage, whatfoever, or any plough or harrow without the horfe or horfes, or J>ea(t or beads being harnefled thereto, unlefs fuch carriage’as (hall be accidentally broke* down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any perfon (hall fpread out any linen, blanket, or winnow cloth, within one hundred feet of the centre of faid road, or (hall beator dry any flax, or leave any timber, ftones, land, clay, lime, or other matter, on the faid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or (hall leave or permit to be left, the car-cafe of anyhorie, or other bead, 'or (hall (kin the feme, or permit it to be (kinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof except in an houfe or yard,

enclofed

5I. Penalty

Tie thirty-/event h Tear of George III/	67

enclofed with walls, or (hall lead or drive any car, or car- A. D.’

riage with timber, boards, or iron laid acrofs, fa as that !797« .

either end thereof (hall projed beyond the wheels, or (ides of Chap. 29.

the carriage, or (hall drag any timber, or mill-(tones, along

any part of the faid roads, without being fupported by wheels

from touching the fame, or (hall ered any fign-poft, or may-

pole, or may-bufh, on any part of the faid road, every perfon

fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ^

twenty (hillings, up®n convi&ion, before any juftice of the

peace, or diredor, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or

upon the view of fuch juftice or diredor.

LII. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall iot. penalty drive any horfe, beaft, or cattle, on the foot-path of either f°r driving a of the faid roads, fuch perfon tlpon convidion, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, di- P redor, ortruftee, or upon the view'of fuch juftice, director, or truftec, (h^ll forfeit the fum of ten (hillings to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the horfe, beaft, or cattle, fo ridden or driven on fuch foot-path.

LIII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may Direttorsmay be lawful for the faid diredors of each of the faid roads or compel driver*

any three of them, to make fuch rule and order as they (hall ‘r!

./ ,	-	.	. .	-	enthdesoi	in©

think	proper, tor	compelling the drivers	or all	carnages roa^#

going from Dublin, to drive or keep fuch carriage on one fide of the faid road, and to drive and keep all carriages coming towards Dublin, on the other fide of the faid road, and every perfon who (hall offend againft fuch rule, and be convided thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, diredor, or truftee, or upon view of fuch juftice, diredor, or truftee, (hall forfeit the Turn of five (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch offender’s goods, or of fuch carriage, or the horfe or other beaft driving the fame.

' LIV. And be it further enaded, That all dung, dirt, All dung, draw, rubbifh, (tones, gravel, fand, or lime, which (hall be draw, ftonet, laid on any part of the faid roads, (hall be and is hereby de-dared to be forfeited to the faid diredors, and to be their com’ nro/ foie property, and (hall be fold by them for the ufe of the perry of tkc Ji* faid roads, or otherwise difpofed of by them, as they (hall rectors, think fit 5 and that if any perfon not authorffed by the faid diredors, fhall draw away any patt thereof, fuch pcifon (hall be deemed to have felonioufly ftolen the fame, and (hall be profecuted and punifhed as any perfon felonioufly dealing like goods, being the private property of individuals, provided always, that no fuch perfon (hall be fentenced to death or tranfportation, or other punilhmcnt, than fine, imprifon-incnt, or whipping, for the fame.

E 2	LV.	And

&	The	tbtrty-fevcrth	Tear if George III.

A. IX	I-V. And be it further enaded, That for every car loo)

1797. of fcouring, or'earth thrown out of any drain or ditch, oa Chap, a9. any part of the faid roads, which (hall have remained thereoa twenty-four hours, which (hall be drawn away by the (aid jw	dirc&ora	or	their	order, the owner or occupier of the land,

owners oMin/ which fuch drain or ditoh divides from the faid road, (hafl for every car- * forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every day the fame (hall load of fcooriag have remained thereon, upon convidion in manner afore-thrown on - kid.

roatL	LVI. And be it further ena&cd, That it (hall and may

Corn laid on be lawful for every perfon whatsoever, to take and carry roa<* I? he win- away and convert to his or her own ufe, any corn which (hau Stenby wny ** kid on *^7 part the faid roads, for the purpofe of be-perfon, and all ?ng winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain fecks, fee. thereon, after being winnowed, together with the lacks, or winnowing cloths whereon the fame may happen to be, and alfo, all timber, which (hall be left on any part of the laid roads, and (hall have remained thereon feven days, not hav-ing been brought or kept there by order of the (kid directors, or for the ufe of the faid roads, without the let, (uit, trouble, or hindrance of any perfon whatever.

Supervisors LV1I. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may (Wadi hive power be lawful for the fupervifors of the faid roads, or any of to pull down, them, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or wilU^*drainji ditch* which (hall be built or made, or began to be built and and ditchca. made, after the paifing of this ad, upon any part of the (kid road, or within thirty ftet of the centre of the faid road, and to take up any way or paflage from the (aid roads, int# any field or land adjoining, which may obftrud the free paf-fage of water, and to rempke the fame, by building a gutter or fewer, or arch thereon, at a fufficient depth, and to fcour and clear away all obflrudioos which may happen to be made in any drain, for carrying away water from the faid road* or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down, and remove any fign-poft, which (hall be ereded contrary to this ad, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magiftrate, or any of the diredors or truitees for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof by diftrefs and £ale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the laod wherein fuch way, paflage, or drain (hall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner On demand.

Grand jurxe* LVI1I. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may ^ ullin*down*4* k* kwful for the grand jury at any affizes or quarter-feffioos, lioufc* &c. *° Pre^ent any houfe, or part of an houfe or lime-kiln to be pulled down, which (hall be built contrary to this ad, within their county, and that the expenfes of fo doing, be levied off the goods and chattels of the offenderj and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which (hall

be

The thertyfcventh Tear of George If I.

• / > be kept contrary to this ad, without being fued or profe- A. D. cuted for fo doing.	1797.

LlX. And be it further ^naded, That if any fupervifor Chap. 19.

(hall omit to apply for any fuch warrant, for forty-eight hours after he (hall be informed, Or have feen any of the Sid 5h Penalty on offences or matters, or having obtained fuch warrant, (hall cvwyVomiffion omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs pre- of duty hewm vented by the feverity of weather, or (hall omit to apply at mentioned, the next eafuing feflions or affixes, for fuch prefentment as aforefaid, or (hall delay or negled to feite, profecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againft this ad, which fhall come or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he (hall forfeit thefumof five pounds for every fuch omiffion, delay or negled, upon convidion thereof, before any juftice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs.

LX. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any perfon " Fendlty on of perfens (hall refufe, or make forcible oppofition againft-	wko	rc*

any perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of this tiaa ad, or (hall aflault any colledor of the tolls, in the execution of his or their office or offices, or fhall make, or attempt to make, any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods, difc trained or feized-by virtue of this ad 5 or if any con (table, or fub-conftabl^ fhall refufe or negled to execute any warrant granted by any juftice, or by any truftee or diredor, purfuant to the dire&ions of this ad, every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convided thereof before any juf-ticc of the peace, by his or her own confeffion, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice 5 and in cafe the lame (hall not immediately be paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender ta the common gaol or houfe of corredion, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.

LXI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall not be law- D&reaeraffoll ful for the faid diredors, or any of them, to make or accept* not zccjW off of any compofition with, or from any perfon whatfoever, ^J^°»tton for for any of the tolls to he paid by virtue of this ad*

LXI I, And he it further enaded, That all fines, penal* . Application ties, and forfeitures, impofed for any offence committed °/ againft this ad, the manner of levying and applying Which ure^not before is not herein particularly direded, fhall and may be levied by dirc&cd. diftrefs and file of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the jnftice, before whom the offender (ball be'convided, by the oath of one credible wftneft, or his or her own canfeffion* and in cafe of non-payment thereof*	*

i

7°

A. D. 1797-Chap. 29.

Dire£tor.«, truflees, and juflices may ad-miniilcr oaths, Ac.

Affirmation of a quaker in place of an oath.

Diflrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form.

Suits to be conducted in name of tr utters, or of trea-furers.

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

of, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impofed by the authority of this ad, the offender fliall be committed by filch juflice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty when paid, {hall be applied by the faid diredors, in aid of the tolls, towards the ufes of the faid road, and in rewarding the informer or parties con-viding, and the conflables or other perfons affifling, or partly in the one, and partly in the other of the faid ways, as to the faid diredors, or any of them {hall feem proper.

LX III. And be it further enaded, That every diredor and truflee, and every ju' ice of the peace, fliall have power within his jurifdidion, to adminifter all oaths which are hereby required or direded, or which may be neceflary for the pur-pofes of this ad; and if any perfon fliajl take or fubfci ibe any oath or affirmation, preferibed or empowered to be taken, by virtue of, ot; in purfuance of this ad, or for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution, and (hall wilfully affirm, or fwear falfely therein, every fuch perfon (hall, upon con-vidion, fuffer the pains and penalties enaded againft: perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIV. And be it further euaded. That in all cafes where an oath is preferibed, or mentioned in this aft, the affirmation of the party, if he or fhe be a quaker, (hall and may be made or talcen, in the place of fuch oath.

LXV. And be it further enaded, That where any dif-trefs fliall be made for any fum or films of money to be levied by virtue of this ad, the diflrefs itfelf fliall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffcr or trefpaffers on account of any default or want of form io any proceedings relating thereto, nor fliall the party or parties diltraining, be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity- which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraiuing, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover full fatisfadion for the fpecial damages in an adion on the cafe. •*

LX VI. And be it further enaded, That it fliall and may be lawful for the diredors of each of the faid roads, or any three of them, to profecute or defend any fuit in law or equity, concerning any matter relating to the faid roads in the name of the truflees of the faid roads, or of the directors or the treafurer for the time being, and no fuit fliall abate by the death or removal of fuch treafuxer, but fliall be carried on in the name of the fucceeding treafurer, and (land to

all

The thirty fevenlb Y$ir of George III. *	71

all intents and purpofes in the fame condition as it was before A. . D. fuch death or removal.	x797-

LXVI1. And be it further enaded, That if any fuit fliall be commenced, or any adion brought againft any per-	htfop

fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, matter»Udone° the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, and in purfuance of give this ad and the fpccial matter in evidence at any trial to *hi» defen-be had thereupon, and if upon fuch trial the plaintifF lhall be oon*fuited, or have a verdid againft him, or fhall difeon* juc 3^ tinue his adion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on demurrer, there fhall be judgment againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall in all fuch cafes recover double cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

LXVIII. And whereas the diredors of the faid roads, Diredors ifiay may by virtue of this ad, become poffefled of feveral pieces poffclsground of ground over and above what may be neceffary to be laid r^^as^CTein* out on the faid rcaads; be it enaded, That it fhall and may * be lawful for the diredors of each of the faid roads refped-ively, or any three of them, with the confcntof thetruftees previoufly had and obtained at a meeting called for that pur-pofe, to grant, fell, or demfle for any number of years, all fuch pieces of ground, and that the rents or purchafe money	x

thereof fhall be applied in aid of the tolls of fuch road towards defraying the expences thereof.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That this fhall be A publkk deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick a ft, and be ju-dicially taken notice of as fuch by^all judges, juilices, and other perfons whatfoever without fpecially pleading the fame.	,

C H A P. XXX.

An A& for better regulating the coUe Elion of His Majejly's Re- Amended, venue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repeaU 3&	3.	75.

ing an A El made in the Thirty fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejlyy entitled, An AEt for continuing and amending the feveral Laws relating to His Majcfly's Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the feveral Acts and Statutes which are mentioned, in the faid Acly and continued . thereby •

WHEREAS feveral laws have been heretofore Several laws 'made, for preventing frauds in his Majefly’s reve- have been made nuc, which have from time to time been continued and f^u^in^eve-amepded, and which by an ad made the laft feflion of par- nuc. liament, entitled. An A3 for continuing and amending the federal laws relating to bis Majejly's Revenue, and further preventing

Digitized by

Google

Provifion in 14 and 15 Cna. %. for per-fons aggrieved

The thirty feventb Year of George III.

punting frauds therein, were further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next frffion of parliament: And whereas to avoid the difficulty and .coofu-fion which may arife from thcmultiplicity of the faid laws, it is found expedient to repeal the fame, and to make the federal provihons herein after mentioned, for better regulating the colle&ion pf his Majefty’s revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein: be it therefore ena&ed by the King** moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid a& made the laft feflion of parliament, and ail and every the a&s and ftaiutes thereby continued (hall be, aqd the fame arc hereby repealed.

II.	And whereas by an a& paf&d in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty king Charles

■ggnevea thc f?concJ, entitled, An a8 for the fettling of the exdfe or to appeal to lord	UP°* his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, according

lieut.	to	the	hook	of rates therein inf tried, it is amongft other things

provided, that if any difference or other matter of contro-verfy or difficulty happen to arife between any merchant, trader or dealer, and the coramifiioners, fub-coramiffioners, Colle&ors or other officers, or if any perfon or perfons (hall '	Judge	him	or themfelves aggrieved or injured with any man-

ner of proceedings had or done by the commiffioners, fub-Commiflioners, colle&or* or other officers, that it (hail and may be lawful for every fuch perfon or perfons to make his appeal to the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors and privy council of Ireland, or fuch as they (hould appoint by oammiffion under the great feal 3 '	and	whereas	there	is	no	time limited m and by the faid a£t,

for bringing fuch appeal, whereby great inconveniencies have happened, as well to the fubjeft as to his Majefty’s revenue 5 be it enacted, That fuch perfon or perfons who. (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by anyjudgmcnt or fentence of the faidr commiffioners, fub-comroimoners, colle&ors, or other officers, fhall make his, her, or their appeal unto the faid lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of Ireland, or fuch as (hall be appointed by commiflion under the great fed, pdrfyant to the faid recited a&, within the fpace of two calendar months, next after fuch fentence or judgment (hall be given, and in default thereof, t^at no appeal (hall be afterwards received.

III.	And whereas the profccutionsbefore the comraiffion-ers for appeals, though carried on in a fummary way, pur-fuant to the laws in force in this kingdom fo( that purpe£e»

x	have	been	artfully delayed by perfons profecuting fuch ap.

peals.

The tlirif-feyentb Tear of George III.

71

. peals, upon account of foxne informality or defe& of farm m the proceeding^ to the great difcouragement of the pro* fecutor nr informer; be it enabled. That no judgment or &stentie^>f the coromiffioners, or fub-comroi(5pner» of ex* oife, (ha^>e reverted for any informality, imperfe&ion, or other deflt in form, either in the information, proceedings, or judgment hrought before, or given by the faid commif-Sonera, or fub commiffipners refpodively.

IV.	And vrhereas great foconveniencies have artten fby Want of fit perfons being authorized to take and receive affi-davits in the feveral counties of this kingdom, in caufes or proceedings before the ^ommiflionerg of appeal r be it ena£U ed. That it fhall and may'be lawful to and for the commit* fioners of appeals, or any two of them, by commifllon uift der their hands and fealB, from time to time, to authorife and empower fuch perfon or perfons aa they fhall think fit, ip the feveral counties pf this kingdom, to be commiffioners to take and receive affidavits concerning any caufe depending, 4>r other proceedings in caufes of appeal, before the commit-fioners of appeal; and afi affidavits taken as aforefaid, (half be of the fame force, as affidavits taken before the faid com-miffionersof appeal are or may be, and for the fwearing and taking of $very fuch affidavit, the perfons fo empowered or taking the fame, fhall receive a fee of one (hilling and fix pence, and no more.

V.	And be it enabled, That no affidavit taken by any commifiioner authorized as aforefaid, fhall be read or made ufe of before the commiffioners of appeal, unlefs the commiffioner or perfon who takes the fame fhall mention in the caption thereof, the day of the month when, and alfo the place and county where the fame (hall be fwom, and that he knows the deponent, or has been credibly informed and believes that he is the perfon mentioned and described in filch affidavit.

VI.	And whereas the commiffioners appointed for hearing and determining appeals from‘judgments of the chief commiffioners and fub-commiffionert of excife are by the faid recited a& directed to take the oath therein fet forth upon fuch their appointment, which oath the lord chief baron of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, is thereby authorised to ad* minifter : and whereas on account of the necefTary abfence of the faid lord chief baron upon circuit or otherwife, inconveniences may occur : be it enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the chancellor of the faid court, or on© of the barons thereof, or for the lord chancellor of Ireland, or the keeper of the great feal thereof for the time being, to admin filer the oath required to be taken by faid recited a&, lothe perfon or perfons from time to time to be appointed »

commiffiooex-

A. D.

^797-

Chap. 3d.

No judgment of commiBion-er* (hall be reverfcd for lufoxv malitj.

TwocommiP fioners of appeals may appoint fuch perrons as they think fit tq take affidavits,, & c.

Commiffioner who takes affidavit (hall mention the day aud place. Sc c.

By recited a£tl c. baron was to adminif-ter oath to com. of appeal^.

Injunaion* to be fervctl within io days alter appeals are lodgeir

*oL penalty on perform who xefufe to attend or anfwcr, or re-fbfc to fend pa*

. P^S &C.

Copies of proceedings to be fern, aa herein.

Heir merits arc to be tried.

The thlrty-frventl Tear of George IT I.

commiffioner or commiffioners of appeals, and they are here*.

by authorifed to adminifterfuch oath.

VII.	And be it enacted, That every perfon or perfon* who (hall think himfclf, herfelf, or themfelvea aggrieved by any judgment or fentence of the faid commiffioners or fut>-commiffioners of excife, and (hall make his, her or their appeal unto the commiffioners of appeal, purfuant to the pro-vifions of the faid recited aft, (hall ferve the injunftion grounded upon fuch appeal, within the fpaceof twenty days next after fuch appeal (hall be lodged, or in default thereof, fuch fentence orjudgment fo appealed from fhall be hnal and eonclufive.

VIII.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, it isaraongft, other things enafted, That the coir.miffioners for appeals, or the major part of them, (hall have power to fend for parties and witneffes, and all manner of papers and writings belonging to any cafe brought before them, and to examine upon oath, as by the faid aft is direfted : and whereas the faid aft does not empower the faid commiffioners to inflift a penalty upon any perfon who (hall negleft or refufe to appear, ©rto fend fuch papers and writings, be it enafted, That iq cafe any perfon (hall negleft or refufe to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to give his teftimony concerning the matter in queftion, or (hall negleft or refufe to fend fuch papers and writings as (hall be required, and then (hall be in his poflef-fion or power to fend, and (hall relate to any caufe brought before the faid commiffioners for appeals, every fuch periou fhall for every fuch negleft or rtfufal, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

IX.	And be it enafted, That when any appeal (hall be brought from any fentence of the chief commiffioners or fub-commiffioners in their refpeftive dillrifts, the faid com-miffioner8 or fub-coramiffioners, (hall within twenty-one day* next after fervice of the injunftion to (lop their proceedings, tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted under Aral, direfted to the regilter of appeals, a true copy ^ttefted of all the proceedings and proofs in the faid caufe, unlefs the delay, if any (hall happen, (hall be fatisfaftorily accounted for in the court of appeals by affidavit, and in default thereof, the fc-veral commiffioners or fub-coinmiffipners who figned the faid judgment, (hall refpeftively forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

X.	And whereas where there are appeals brought from judgments of the chief commiffioners, or fub-commiffioners of cxcife, it lomctimes happens that the merits have not beca tried by fuch chief-commiffioners, or fub-commiffioncrsT>f excife, where, by law fuch merits ought to have been tried, and it would be convenient that fuch caufes (hould be remanded, be it enafted. That it (hall and rpay be lawful to and for fuch commiffioners for appeals, to remand the proceed!rigs

The thirtyfevenlh Tear of George III.

feedings in every fuch cafe to the chief commiflioners or fub-commiflioners of excife,. to the end that the merits of every fuch cafe may be duly tried.

XI.	And to the intent that all informations and complaifits exhibited before the ful^commiflioners, colleftor or collectors of the excife, and other perfons authorized purfuant to the aft before mentioned, may be impartially determined by difinterefted perfons, be it enafted, That the faid fub-com-miflioners, colleftors of excife, and other perfons that may be authorized and appointed by virtue of the faid aft, to hear and determine the matter of complaint mentioned in fuch information, and every of them, fhall, if thereto required by the party or parties againfl whom fuch information is filed, take an oath that he is not interefted or concerned direftly or indirectly in the matter or complaint then depending before them, and that he is not to gain or lofe thereby on any account whatfoever, which oath the clerk or • perfon who fhall attend the fub-commiflioners, for the pur-pofe of taking down the depofitions of witnefTes on fuch trial, or any of the faid fub-commiflioners is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and if fuch fub-commiflioner or fub-commiflioners, colleftor or colleftors of excife, or any other peTfon or perfons to be appointed as in and by the faid aft is direfted, fhall refufe to take the faid oaths asaforefaid, fuch fub-commiflioner or fub-commiflioncrs, colleftor or collectors, or fuch perfon or perfons as may be fo authorized, is and are by this prefent aft disqualified and rendered incapable to hear, determine, or give judgment upon the matter then depending before them and contained in fuch information, and all proceedings to be had before them after fuch re-fufal fliall be null and void.

XIi. And whereas it has fometimes happened upon the trial of offences before Tuch fub-commiflioner3 of excife, that the fub-commiflioners have after their court has been opened and the trial began, adjourned the court merely for their own convenience, without any application for that purpofe on behalf of the parties or either of them, and without any caufc afligned on oath to juftify fuch adjournment, to the great injury and delay both of the crown and fubjeft ; for remedy whereof, be it enafted, That it fliall not be lawful for any court of fub-commiflioners to adjburn the hearing of any caufe aftually began, unlefs from day to day, for the purpofe of further hearing fuch caufe, Sundays excepted, unltfs by the confent of both parties, or upon fome good and fufficient caufe to be afligned upon oath, by one of the parties applying for fuch adjournment, or his or their counfel, agent or folicitor, or unlefs upon fome good and fufficient caufc to be afligned upon oatb, by one or more of the faid

fub-oommif-

Sub-commjf-fioners, collectors, Sec. fhall make oath if re* quired, Sec,

Sub-com. (hall not adjourn trials but with confent of both parties.

/

,6

A. D.

i7*7-

Chap. 30.

VTitneffe* may be fura-moned from any pwt ol the kingdom, *c.

Summonfei not to be iffued but on affidavit, 0 as herein, penal-ty, aol

3 Chief com may appoint and remove Tub coxa*

Tie tbiityfiviBtb Test of George III.

fub-commiffioners, if any adjournment Audi be defired and applied for by him or them.

XIII.	And whereat a doubt hath b<en made whether the commiffioners, fub*commiffioners, collefbrs or others au« thorized as aforefaid, can fummon-any perfon to be a wit* aefs who doth not refide in the diftridt where fuch com* plaint or information is exhibited, and whether any warrant of diftrefs, or for imprifoning the offender, where no fuffi* dent diftrefs can be had, may be executed out of the limits of fuch particular diftrid, be it ena&ed, That upon every in* formation filed before the laid commiffioners, fub-commif-fioners, colledors or others authorized as aforefaid in the proper diftrid, witaeffes and parties refiding in any qjher di£. ferent diftrid of this kingdom, may be fummoned to appear hefore them, in the fame manner as if the perfon or perfona was or were vefident, and found within the particular diftrid where fuch information was exhibited, and under the fkma rcftri&ions and regulations as in and by the faid recited a St is appointed, and afib that the warrant of diftrtfs and impri* fooment, where no fufficient diftrefi can be had, that (hall be iffued by the commifiioners or fiib-comnviffioners or others, purfuant to the faid ad, may and (hall be executed upon the goods and chattels, or on the perfon of fuch offender in any part or place of this kingdom, in the lame manner aa fuch warrants might Have been executed in the particular diftri& where the information was exhibited and judgment given.

XIV.	Provided always, That no fummons (hall lfliic until it (hall appear by the affidavit of fome perfon to be made before one of the commiffioners or fub-commiffioners of the diftrid where fuch information 16 filed, and who (hall not be interefted in fuch information, and he is advifed and verily believes that the perfon to be fummoned is a material witnefa on the faid information, and that every commiffioner or fdfb-commiffioner, who (hall iffiie fuch fummons without fuch affidavit previoufly made, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by the perfons who (hall be fo fummoned $ and in cafe any perfon or perfons who (hall be fummoned by virtue of this ad to be a witnefs as aforefaid,

(hall negled or refufe to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to give his, her, or their teftimony concern the matter in queftion, every fuch perfon for fuch negled or refufal, (hall forfeit tha fum of twenty pounds.

XV.	A nd be it cnaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the chief commiffioners of his Majefty** revenue of ex-

• cife, or any three or more of them, under their hands and foals, to appoint from time to time, fo many fubordinate commiffioners or fub-commiffioners, as the faid chief-corn-* miffioners, or any three or more of them (hall find nsceflhry.

The tkbiy-feimtb Tear *f George IIL

to hear and determine all offence* againft the excife laws of this kingdom, committed or to be committed, and that the (aid chief commiffioners^ or any three or more of them, (haU hare full power to difplace fuch fubordinate commiffioncrs or fub-commiffioners, or any of them from time to time, at any three or move of them mail think fit, and to place others in their room*

XVI.	And be it enafted, That any judgment which fhall be given by any three or more of the fub-commiffioners for any diftn& in this kingdom, who (haU fit on the trial of any information, being the majority of fuch fub-commiffioners as (hall have fat upon fuch trial, (hall be as effe&ual as the judgement or fentcnce of the major part of the fub-commiffioners of the diftri&, any law to the contrary ootwitbftanding.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law* ful to and for ftiqh fubordinate or fub-commiffioners fo appointed to hear, try and determine aQ offences againft the fe-veral law* relating to his Majefty’s revenue now of force, or which (hall be paued, committed, or to be committed, and to dvtjudgment, and award execution accordingly.

XVni. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the chief commiffioners of the excife, or any three of them, to abate any fine, penalty, or forfeiture already fet, impofed or adjudgtd, or to be fet, impofed, or adjudged on any information in the excife offices, of the refpe&ive diftri&s, againft any perfon or perfons for any offence whatfoever, as to them (hall feem meet, and as (hall be according to equity and good confcience : provided always, That in mitigating fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, care be had that the informer or proiecutor be duly encouraged, for his care, pains, and diicovery, according to the nature and quality of the fraud had, ufed and difeovered.

XIX.	And be it ena&ed, That the commiffioners for appeals, (hsd) be, and they are hereby prohibited from abating or mitigating any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which (hall be adjudg«i againft any perfon for any breach of the laws relat* ing to hie Majcfty** revenue, or any of them*

XX.	And belt ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any goods and merchandizes, and for the mailer or commander of any (hip or veffel rc-fpc&ively, which (hall be feized for any breach of any law upon producing a con Cent in writing under the hands of three or more of the chief commiffioners of his Majcfty** revenue of excife, to apply, as by law may now be done in cafes to be heard and determined in the court of exchequer* for a writ of appraifement to value and appraife fuch goods and merchandizes, Snd fuch (hip or veffel fo feized, on which fuch proceedings (hall and may be bad, as have been ufual in cafes where by law writs of appraifement haveiffued, and on

return

Judgment of majority of fub. com. on trial (hall be effe&ual.

Sub. cosfS may try all offences againft revenue laws.

Chief < may abate fines, dec.

Com. of appeal* prohibited from abating fines.

Owners of goods, and captains of (hips feized, how t» a&.

T8

Upon acquittal of good*, *c. gen. recognizances may be vacated.

Spirits ille-

£illy imported all be fold by inch of candle, ftc.

The thirty feventh Tear of George III;

return of the appraifement, or value of fuch goods and commodities, and of fucli fliips and veffels, the party or parties applying for fuch writ of appraifement, together with taro fufficient fureties, fliall enter into a recognizance to his Majefty in double the value of fuch appraifement, before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before fuch other perfon or perfons as they* or any of them (hall appoint by commifiion, to be iffued out of the laid, court of exchequer, conditioned to pay fuch appraifcd value, and all other penalties and forfeitures attending fuch feizilre, in cafe fuch goods or merchandize, (hip or veflel, refpe&ively, (hall be condemned, and conditioned to pay the duties due and payable on fuch goods and merchandize, in cafe the fame (hall be acquitted, and thereupon the chancellor, or any of the barons of the exchequer, (hall award a writ of delivery in the ufual manner, for fuch goods and merchandizes, and the (hip or veflel fo feized as aforefaid.

XXI.	Provided always, That upon the acquittal of fuch goods and merchandizes, and (hips or veffels from fuch feizure ds aforefaid, by the chief commiflioners of the revenue, or fub-commiffioners, or by the commiflioners of appeal, in cafe an appeal (hall be brought, and upon payment of the duties due and payable on the importation of fuch goods and merchandize, and due proof made thereof before the faid chancellor, or any of the barons of the faid court of exchequer, and notice given to his Majefty’s attorney-general for the time being, the faid chancellor, or any one of the barons of the court of exchequer, (hall order the faid recognizance to be vacated, and the fame (hall afterwards be void to all intents and purpofes.

XXII.	And whereas in cafes where the duties due and payable to his Majefty on any commodity, exceed the prime call of fuch commodity, collufive feizures may be concerted between the fmuggler, and the officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue ; be it enabled, That as to all brandy, rum, geneva or other fpirits, which (hall hereafter be feized and condemned as being illegally imported into this kingdom, (hall be fold by inch of candle, and that the produce of fuck feizure (hall be divided in fuch manner, as that a fum equal 'to the amount of the duties which would, in cafe fuch brandy, geneva, rum, or other fpirits had been fairly imported into this kingdom, have been payable to his Majefty for fuch fpirits, at the refpe&ive time or times of fuch feizure or feizures, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the remainder thereof, dear of all expenfes, Coils of 'fuit and charges, go to the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall feize or difeover, or ^ive information of, and prove the fame to have been illegally imported ; and as to all tobacco which (hall be feized and condemned for being ille*

g	gaily

Perfons who

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

gaily imported, the fame (hall be fold by Inch of candle, and one-third part of the grofs produce arifing from fuch fale, fhall be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall feize or clif-cover the fame, clear of ail expenfes, cofts of fuit, or charges whatfoever, and the other two-third parts (hail be to the ufe of hisMajefty.

XXIII.	And be it ena£led, That when any goods or merchandizes (hall be feized, and a claim (hall be tendered claim good* by the true and lawful owner or proprietor thereof, or by k*zcd» any-perfon authorized by law to make fuch claim under his wfthVn^hVdi^ or. their hand, that the perfon tendering fuch claim, (hall at tria where no-the foot of the refpe&ive claim, mention fome particular ticet (hail be houfe within the diftridt of the excife office, at which fuch fcrvc<k claim (hall be tendered, where notices or fummonfes (hall be

left or ferved, and in default thereof that the claim (hall not be deemed legal or received ; and it (hall be lawful to proceed to the condemnation of fuch goc^Js for want of a claim, and that all notices or fummonles ferved or left for fuch claimants, with any perfon above the age of ffxtcen years, refiding at fuch houfe as (hall be fo mentioned or exprefled at the foot of faid claim, (hall be as effe&ual as if the perfons making fuch claim were personally ferved.

XXIV.	And be it ena&ed, That in cafe no peribn (hall Nnticeh«w be found refiding at fuch houfe, on whom fuch notice or aPPuc<b fummons can be ferved, fuch notice or fummons (hall be

polled upon the door of the houfe at lead eight days before the time ^appointed for the determining the claim ; and if the perfon making the claim, (hall not appear on the day mentioned in the fummons, or notice for the hearing of the caufe, then it (hall be lawful for the chief commiflioners, and fub-commiflioncrs, to hear and determine the faid caufe* as if fuch claimant had appeared.

XXV.	Provided always, That due proof fhnll he made proof on by the affidavit of the perfon who ferved or polled fuch no- oaih of fcrvke tice, of the fervice or polling thereof, and if ported, that orpolVuv;

no perfon was found refiding in fuch houfe, on whom fuch notice or fummons could be ferved.

XXVI.	And be it enabled. That as often as any fuch claim for any goods, merchandizes, or other things which (hall be feized, (hall be tendered by the owner or owners, officer proprietor or proprietors thereof in perfon, the owner or own- cd to receive cts, proprietor or proprietors (hall at the time of tendering fuch claims, claim, make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive and regiftcr fuch claim, which oath the faid officer or officers is and arc hereby empowered to adminiller, that he,

(he, or they, fo tendering faid claim, is or are the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of the goods, merchandizes, or other things which (hall have been fo feized, and that in cafe the goods, merchandizes, or other things fo feized, (hall be claimed by any perfon or perfons as deputed

to

Oath to he

made by proprietor* LviVkie

A. ©4 1797-Chap. 30.

(Mi

brought to excise effiGt, Ate.

Commiffioti-€ri in fnch dif-triltt, mtytry the legality of fuck leisures.

Seizing notes to be lodged in cxcifc office.

Veffills condemned (hall he freed from all claims for ft a-xuen*s wages.

Allcaflcs, See. C* all be forfeited wiih forfeited 1 goods.

No replevin. *c.

The thirty-fenxnth Tear of George lit.

and conveyed under feizure, to hear, try, and determine the legality of fuch feizure, and give judgment, and award execution thereon, as fully to all intents and purpofes, and with fuch powers, as if fuch feizure had been made within their particular diftrid.

XXXIV.	And be it enaded, T*hat it (hall be lawful to convey all goods or merchandize which have been, or (hall be feized for a breach of any law of force in this kingdom, relating to his Majcfty’s revenue, from the place where they (hall have been actually feized, to the excife office in the next neighbouring diftrid, to which fuch goods can with fafcty be conveyed, if the officer feizing the fame, (hall think it neccfiaryto remove them to fuch neighbouring diftrid.

XXXV.	And be it enaded, That it (hall be lawful to aad for the commiffioners, or fub-commiffiontrs of excife for the diftrid into which fuch goods and merchandizes have been, or may be a&aforefeid taken and conveyed under feizure, to hear, try, and determine the legality of fuch feizure, and give judgment, and award execution thereon, as fully to all intehts and purpofes, and with fuch powers, * as if fuch feizure had been made within their particular diftrid, any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it t fe'ed, That in every fuch cafe, a feizing note (hall be lodgco as well in the' excife office of the diftrid in which fuch feizure (hall have been actually made, as iu the cxcife-office of the diftrid into which fuch go^da (hall be taken and conveyed 5 and in cafe a claim (hail be made, notice (hall be given to the perfon whe (hall fo claim, of the time and place, when and where fuch trial (hall be had, twenty-one day's at the lcail, bcfoic the day appointed for fuch trial.

XXXVII.	And be it enaded, That when any (hip or veflel (hall be condemned by virtue of any law or laws relating to the revenue, fuch (hip or veflel (hull be difeharged from all demands whatfoever, fpr wages claimed 'by mariners, for having ferved on bc»rd fuch (hip or veflel, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it enaded. That in all cafes whereby any law any goods or commodities whatfoever, (hall be for-feited, all the calks, cafes and vcfifela, and aR and every package and covering whatfoever, ia which the fame Audi be found, (hall alfo be forfeited and confiscated.

XXXIX.	And be it enaded, That no writ of replevin, writ of deliverance, or writ of recaption, (hall at any time hereafter, without leave firft obtained for that purpofe from the court of Exchequer, be executed for any goods feized by any officer of exdfe for being run, or intended to be run, I without payment of -duties due and ch^rgeabfo thereupon, or {

Tfo thirty-fiventb Tear of George III.

for goods detained to anfwer the payment of duties due and chargeable thereupon, unlefs fuch goods (hall be firft acquitted by due courfe of law,

XL.. And be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where any information ihall be filed for any {>enalty which is or /hall be impofed by any law on the matter or mate of any (hip or vef-fel for any breach of any fuch law committed during the {naftm 0r time he* ;ted as mailer or mate of any fuch veflel, it /hall be mates, until lawful for the officers of his Majetty*s revenue, or any of P*d orfecured them, to detain the fhip pr ve/Tel, of which fuch perfon therein* againft whom any fuch information fhall be filed is or had been matter or mate, until the penalties to which they Ihall •become liable, fhall be paid, or fecurity given for the payment thereof, by recognizance to his Majefty, in double the penalty, with which fuch perfon fhall be fo charged before •the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of Exchequer, or' before fuch other perfon or perfons as they, or any of them fhall appoint, by commiffiou iffued out of the faid court of Exchequer, conditioned to pay the faid pe»' nalty, wherewith faid matter or mate is charged, in cafe ne fhall be adjudged to pay the fame, and thereupon the faid barons (hall award a writ of delivery for fuch (hip or vciTel.

XLI. Provided always, That upon acquittal of fuch per- Such reeognl-fon charged as aforefaid, by the chief commiffioners of the *w»ces fhall k* revenue, or their fub-commiflioncrs, or by the commiflioners of appeal, in cafe an appeal (hall be brought, and due proof pcrftms made thereof, before the chancellor, or one of the barons of charged, the faid court of Exchequer, and notice given to his Ma-jefty’s attorney-general, for the time being, that then the ch nceP.or or any of the barons of the eourt of Exchequer, fhall order the recognizance to be vacated.

XLII.' And whereas perfons againft whom informations may be filed, may quit the kingdom, in order to avoid being ferved with notice of the trial of fuch information ; be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where any fuch information fhall Vaflelsmay be Sled againft the matter or mate of any fhip or vefTel, and be detained un* that foch Arip or veffel fhall be detained as aforefaid, it fhall r ” {EfL be lawfdl for the officer who fhall detain fuch veflel, to ie- ^herein.	*

tain the pfcffeflion of fuch veflel, until the perfon againtt Whom fuch information (hall be filed, fhall lodge in the Ex-dfe-office of the dittxift where fuch information fhall be filed, a notice in writing, fpecifying fome particular houfe within the diftri& where notice of trial (hall be left or ferved ; and that all notices ferved or left for fuch perfou or perfons, with any perfon above the age of fixteen years, refiding at fuch houfe, as ihall be fo mentioned in fuch notice, fhall be valid in law, and «$ effectual, as if the perfon or perfout againft

F a	whom



A. D.

1797-Chap. 30.

Veffds may

Digitized by LjOOQle

Periihable roods may be iold, whether claimed of not.

Ships, bead*, $tc. deemed pe-rkhablc goods.

periihable roods lodged iu his Majef-ty*s (lores, as herein.

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

whom information (hall be filed, were perfonally ferved with fueh notice.

XLIII. And be it enabled, That all periihable goods, which (hall be feized by any of the officers of his Majefty’s revenue, or other perfon or perfons, (hall and may be fold at any time after the ieizure thereof, by order of the chief com-miffioners of excife, or any three or more of them, whether fuch goods (hall have been claimed or not; and the pioduce arifing by and from fuch (ale, (hall be accounted for and paid to fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ively, as (hall be by law entitled thereto, in ten days after the time given by law for appealing (hall be elapfed; or in cafe of any appeal in ten days after the determination of fuch appeal; %nd the produce arifing by or from fuch fale, after deducing the duty due and payable to his Majedy on fuch goods, and paid to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, (hall be in full fatia-fadion of the goods fo feized.

XLIV. And be it ena&ed, That all (hips, veffels, boats or beads of burden * now feized, or wliich (hall at any time after the paffing of this ad be feized, for any breach of the laws of this kingdom, (hall be deemed periihable goods, and liable to fuch rules, regulations, and provifions, as at present by law ftibfift, relpeding periihable goods, feized and condemned for any offence againd the laws of this kingdom.

XLV. And be it enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the commiffioners of the cudoms or excife, or any three or more of them, the colledor or other chief officer of the port, for the time being, in their refpedive did ride, in all cafes where goods are or (hall be brpught into his Majedy’s dore-houfes, for the fecurity of the cudoms, or other duties due thereon, to caufe all fuch goods, if perifhable, which (hall have remained there for the fpace of two months, and if not perifh-able, for the fpace of fix months, the fubfidies and duties upon which have not been paid, or otherwife fecured, as the law direds, to be publickly fold by audion, or inch of candle, as foon as conveniently they can, and after fuch fale, the produce thereof (hall be fird applied towards the payment of the cudoms and duties due thereupon, and in the next place the charges pf the warehoufe-room, freight, and other charges, and the overplus (hall be paid to the proprietor or other perfons fo authorized to receive the fame : provided always, That before any fuch (ale of goods (hall be made, one month’s notice thereof, and of the place and time of making fuch fale, (hall be publickly poded. up in the lopg-room at the cuftom-houfc of the port where the fale is to be made*

XLVI. And

he great exp

*s

A. D.

1797. Chap. 30.

Tie thirty-feventh Year of G

XLVI. And in order to prevent the great expence and trouble which the officers of his Majefty’a revenue may be at, in proving the commiflions under which they adt, be it enadted, That in all fuks, adtions, indidtments, or informations, brought againft any officer'of his Majefty’6 revenue, and in all fuits, adtions, indictments, or informations brought by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue in his own name, or in his Majefty’s name, or in the name of any informer, where it may be neceffary to prove the commiffion or corn-millions of any fub>commiffioner or fub-commiffioners, or any other officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, an attefted copy of the entry in any of the books of, or belonging to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuttoms or excife in Dublin, or gf the entry in the collector’s books of that diftridt where he or they adted as a fub-commifiioner or lub-commiffioners, or as any other officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, lhall be admitted as evidence in all courts of this kingdom, of his or their being a legal fub-commifiioner or fub-commifiioners, or other legal officer or officers, or of his or their having authority to adt as a fub-commiffioner or fub-commiffioners, or as an officer or officers of his Ma-jetty's revenue, without producing the commiffion by which he or they were appointed.

XLVI I. And be it enadted, That in cafe any fuit fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for any matter by donVll?1d^ him or them done or executed by virtue of, or in purfu- commenced ^ ance of any adt or adts now in foroe, or which fhall be within three hereafter made, relating to his Majefty’s revenue, fuch ac- months, tion or fuit fhall be commenced within three months, next after the alledged caufe of adtion fhall accrue, and fhall be laid in the proper county where fuch alledged caufe of adtion fhall have rifen ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch ad) ion, may plead the general ifiue, or, in cafe tlie adt ion fhall be an adtion of replevin, may avow generally, that he or they took the goods in the declaration mentioned, as an officer or officers of excife, and may give this adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereon, and that tie fame was done in purfuance of, and by authority of this adt, or fome other adt relating to his Majefty’s revenue 5 and if a verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffs or plaintiffs fhall become non fuited, or difoonti-nue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or judgment . x4 day* no-lhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or	glvto

otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofb againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs v provided always, That fuch officer or officers, his or their attorney or attoroic*, lhall at lcaft fourteen days before fucli trial, ia

cafe

Suits for mat*

Where an action, &c. is commenced againft an offi. cer, he may challenge ju-roi%

Plaintiff* tnay challenge offi. cers on fuch trials.

Where (hips or goods have been frized, defendant {hall not get cofU, 4tc.

The thirty •feventb Tear of George' I IT.

cafe fuch officer or officers, (hall, on fuch trial, give any record or records in evidence, give notice in writing to the plaintiff or his attorney, what record or records he or they intend to give in eyidcnce on fuch trial.

XLV11I And be it ena&ed, That where any a&ion, information or indictment, (hall be commenced or profe-cuted againft any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, on account of any a& done by fuch officer, by teafon or under colour of his office, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer to take exception to any of the jurors returned for the^trial of fuch a&ion, information, or indictment, who (hall be of the fame bufmefs, trade or calling with the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch action, or profecutor or profecutors of fuch information or indi&ment, or any of them, and upon proof thereof, every fuch juror (hall be fet afide, as in the cafe of other legal challenges.

XLIX. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the plaintiff or profecutor in fuch a&ion, information, or indi&ment, to take exception againft any officer of the customs or excife, who (hall be returned as a juror to try fuch a&inn, information, ot indi&ment, and upon proof thereof, every fuch juror (hall be fet afide, as in the cafe of other legal challenges.

L. And be it ena&ed, That in cafe any information (hall be commenced and brought to trial, on account of any feizuie of any (hip or goods as forfeited by virtue of this or any other a& of parliament relating to his Majefty*a revenue of cuftoms or excife, wherein a verdid (hall be found for the defendant or claimer thereof, and it (hall~ appear to the judge or court before wdtom the fame (hah have been tried, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, the judge or court before whom the information (hall have been tried, may certify on the record that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure having been made, and in fuch cafe the defendant or claimer fhall not be entitled to any cods of fuit whatsoever, nor (hall the perfon or per-fons who made fuch feizure, or caufed the fame to be made, be liable to any a&ion, indi&ment, or other fuit or profe-. cution on account of fuch feizure ; and in cafe any a&ion, indi&ment, or other fuit or profecution (hall be commenced and brought to trial, againft any perfon or perfons on account of any feizure of any (hip or goods as forfeited by -virtue of this or any other a& of parliament relating to his Majelty’s cuftoms and excife, and a verdi& (hall be givea againft the defendant or defendants in fuch a&ion,' indictment, fuit, or profecution, if the court or judge before whom fuch a&ion or profecution (hall have been tried, (hall certify ou the record, that there was a probable caufe

for

The thirty-/eventh Tear of Geoige III.

for fuch fcizure, 'then the plaintiff* or plaintiffs (hall not fcc entitled to cods of fuit, nor to above two pence damages, betides fuch (hip and goods, or (hips or goods, as the cafe fhall be, or the value thereo/ at any time of the feizure; nor (hall the defendant or defendants in fuch profecution, where it fhall appear to the judge or court before whom fiich defendant or defendants fhall be tried, that there was any fuch certificate given, as afprefaid, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, be fined above one (hilling.

LI. And be it ena&ed, Tfiat in all ad ions hereafter to be brought againft the officer or officers of his Majefty’s re- *c- ar« venue, his or their affidant or affiilants, for any thing done by him or them in the execution of his or their office, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in every fuch a&ion, (hall give no- 20 days notice tice of trial at lead twenty days before the trial of any fuch of tria4. action, to the defendant or defendants, or jiis or their attorney or attoinies, and that in like manner, if the trial of fuch action (hall be brought on by provifo, "the like notice fhall be given by fuch defendant or defendants, to tbeplain-tifFor plaintiff^, his or their attorney or attornies.

JL.I1. And* be it tria&ed, That in all fuits, adions, indictments, or informations, brought againft any officer of his Majedy’s revenue, and ip all fuits, a&ions, indictments or informations brqught by any officer of his Majedy’s revenue, in his own name, or in hi$ Majefty’s name, or ip the name of any informer, where it may be neceffary to prove any proceeding, decree, or order of the commillion-ers for appeals, a true copy of fuch proceeding, decree or order of the faid commidioners for appeals, atteded by their fecretary or regider, for the time being, (hall be admitted to be read in evidence upon the trud of any fuch a&ion, indictment, or information, as if the original decree or order of the faid coihmilfionei s were produced and proved on any fuch trial.

LIU. And be it ena&ed, That all contra&s, notes. All contr^a*

bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other fecurities fccur,t,«

-	~	®	*	9	b	f	.	,	for	run	goods

given or executed by any perfon or perfons, where tfie ^11 be void.

whole or any part of the confideration of fuch fecurity or ftcurities (hall be for any goods, wares, or merchandizes, which (hall be run or brought into this kingdom^ with an intent to nm the fame, to defraud hi$ Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, of the duties now payable, or which (hall at any time hereafter be made payable upon any fuch goods, wares or merchandize, (hall, as between “the contiatlor or contractors, drawer and draivee, conuzpr or conuzee, mortgagor and mortgagee, obligor and obligee, p)d all and every perfon and perfons having notice that any

fuch

When a&ions.

“ Digitized by Google

88

A. B.

1796. Chap. 30.

The lord chancellor or any of the judge* may admin iilcr oaths of office to com* miffioneri of cuftoms and excife.

Commiffions

or patents of commillioviers, Dull be valid in law.

The thirty-feventh Tear ©/‘George III.

fuch note, bill, bond, mortgage, judgment or other feenrity was given, and executed for goods fo run, or intended to be run, be utterly void to all intents and purpofes whatfo-ever.

LIV. And whereas the chief commiffioners of his Ma-jefty's cuftoms and excife, are, as the law now Hands, to take the oaths of office, and be fwom into their office, before the lord chief baron, or in his abfence before the chancellor of his Majefty's cou^t of exchequer, or one of the barons thereof, which frequently, on account of their abfence, proves inconvenient 5 be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord chancellor of Ireland, or keeper # of the great fea! thereof for the time being, or for the chief j.uflice of his Majefty's court of king's bench or common pleas, or for any of the judges of the faid courts, to adminifter the faid oaths of office, to the perfon or perfons appointed to be commiflioner or commiffioners of his Majef-ty’s cuftoms and excife, and they are hereby empowered to adminifter fuch oaths.

LV. And whereas it may be inconvenient to require the attendance of the feveral officers of his Majefty?s revenue in the city of Dublin, in order to qualify themfelvcs for their feveral employments ; be it ena&ed, That at alt times hereafter, every perfon or perfons appointed to any office or employment in his Majefty's revenue, fhall and may, with the confent of the commiffioners of excife, or any three of them, take the oath of office, or any other oaths which he or they are refpe&ively diredted or required by the laws of this kingdom to take, before their entering on their re-fpe&ive offices, either before fuch perfon or perfons as are. now authorized to adminifter the fame, or before the col-ledlor of the diftridl where fuch officer fhall be appointed to refide, of and in the feveral and refpe&ive counties, counties of towns, and counties of cities in this kingdom, where fuch officer or officers fhall be appointed to refide ; and fuch colleger is hereby empowered and required to adminifter the faid oath or oaths.

LVI. And be it ena&ed, That all and every the com* millions and letters patent which have been heretofore, or fhall be hereafter, pafTcd under the great feal of this kingdom, conftituting and appointing the feveral and refpc&ive perfons named or mentioned in fuch commiffions or letters patent, refpedtively, commiffioners of excife, or commiffioners of cuftoms, to have and to hold their refpe&ive offices or places during their good behaviour, rcfpe&ively, or during his Majefty's pleafure only, whether fuch commiffions

or

*The thlrty-feventh Tear of George ITT.

or letter* patent refpe&ively (hall be joint or feveral, (ball be valid and efFe&ual in law, to aH intents and purpofes.

LVII. And be it enafted, That all and every the collectors, clerks, fearchera, waiters, meflengers, and other officers in the excife hereafter to be appointed, and all appointments of the faid officers hereafter to be made, (hall be by the chief commiflioners of excife, or any three or ,more of them, under their hands and feals, with the approbation of the Jord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being ; and the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, for the time being, (hall have full power to displace the faid officers, or any of them, from time to time, and place others in their room, and to allow them, and every of them, fuch feveral yearly wages, to be paid them quarterly out of the receipts of the faid office, and other accidental rewards for their pains and fervices a$ they (hall think fit, to be alfo paid them out of the receipts of the faid office ; fuch officers to have the fame powers and authorities, and to be fubject to the fame forfeitures, penalties, fufpenfions, removals and regulations in all other refpects, as is or are provided by any act or acts of parliament, relating to fuch officers refpectively.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the faid commiflioners, fubordinate commiflioners, fub-commiflioners or collectors, (hall have, for their feveral pams in and about the faid bufi-nefs, fuch reasonable fums of money allowed them by way of poundage, or other wife, as the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, (hall think fit.

LIX, And be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where any complaint touching the condudt of any officer of his Majef-ty’s revenue (hall be made to the chief commiflioners, and fub-commiflioners, refpedively, and they (hall judge it expedient to enquire into the condudl of fuch officer or officers, it fhall be lawful for the faid chief commiflioners, and fub-commiflioners refpe&ively, to proceed to examine into the matter of fuch charge, by fummoning, orcauflng parties or witnefles to be fummoned, to appear before them by fum-mons in writing, under the hand of fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall refpedtively appoint to fign the fame, fuch fummonfes to be left at the ufual place of abode of fuch parties or witnefles, and to examine fuch witnefles upon oath, and in cafe of a quaker, upon folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the chief commiflioners and fub com-Biiflioner8 are hereby refpe&ively empowered to adminifler ;

and

Commiffion-ers, &c allowed fuch poundage lord lieutenant (hall think fit.

When complaints are made againll revenue officers, &c. commiflioners examine them on oath.

Digitized by

Google

9o

Tht thirty+fcventh Tear of George III,

A, D.

‘797-Chap. 30.

Mariners iffue yrocek for m ire money as herein.

Wren two or more ptrions claim a reward, eommiflioncr?, &r. may hear cuims.

and in cafe any perfon duly fummoned at aforefaid, to be a witnefs and to give teftimony as aforefaid, {hall wilfully neglect or refufe to appear, or (hall refufe to make oath, or, if a quaker, affirmation, for difeovery of his knowledge concerning the matter in queftion, or making o?th or affirm mat ion (hall refufe to anfwcr any queftion which (hall be put to him or her touching the matter in queftion, fuch perfon (hall, for every* time he or (he (hall fo offend, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered as herein after men* tioned.

- LX. Provided always, That no perfon or perfons who may give teftitnoiiy concerning the matter which (hall be enquired into, (hall be fubjedt or liable to any forfeiture, hue, or puni(hincnt, which he, (he, or they may refpe&ively have incurred, or be fubjedt to, by reafon of any criminality in fuch perfon or perfons in the mattcis fo enquired into, or be in any wife profecuted or fued for the fame.

LXI. Whereas though the prize money and wages due to the mariners fervirg on board veffels employed in the fei-vice of the revenue, are paid and payable by the commiffi-oners of his Majtft) *l revenue $ yet it frequently tapping that mariners employed on board revenue veffels, for fimiter purpofes, iffue proccfs againft the coqujaanders of fuch vef-fels, for recovery of prize money due, or aliedged to be due to them, by means whereof fuch commanders are often prevented from proceeding on their cruifes, to the great injury of the revenue ; be it cnadted, That it (hafl not be lawful for any proccfs to iffue at the fuit of any mariner belonging to any vcfTel employed in the fervice of the revenue of this kingdom, againft the commander thereof, oa account of prize monry or wages due, *or aliedged to be, due to fuch mariner, any law or ftatutc to the contrary no^-withftanding.

JLMI. And whereas where two or more perfons are concerned as informers, difeoverers, or feizing-officers, disputes may arife between fuch perfons, as to the proportion of reward and distribution of the produce of feizures, to the great detriment of his Majefty’s leyenue, and difeou-ragement of fuch informers and feizing-officers ; be it enabled, That in every cafe where two or more perfons (hall claim any right to any reward on account of any feizurfc, -penalty, or forfeiture, which they may be entitled to, the commiffioners of cxcife, or any three or more of them, or the colledlor or cclle&ois, or fub-commiffioners in their ftvcral diftridts, who (hall hear and determine fuch feizures, (hall and are hereby empowered and required to hear the ievexal claims and demands of fuch pcifon3 as may think

thcmfclves

Digitized by

v	The thirty fevenih Tear of George Ilf.

themfelvet entitled to any reward, on account of any information, difeovery, or feizurc, and to give ordiftribute the fame in fuch proportions as may be juft ; which order or fcntence, if made by the faid commiilioners of excife, or the "major part of diem, (hall be conclufive to the faid parties, but if fuch order (hall be made by any colle&or or collectors, or fub-commiflioners in their feveral diftri&s, and the perfon or perfons making fuch claim or claims (hall think himfelf or themfelves injured by fuch older or Sentence, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appear from fuch order or fentence, to the laid commiilioners of cxcife, and they, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to receive fuch appeal or appeals, and to affirm, vary, or amend fuch fentence or order, in fuch manner as may be juft, which affirmance, Variation, or amendment made upon fuch appeal, Shall be final and conclufive to the parties; provided that every fuch perfon or perfons who Shall think himfelf or themfelves ag-grived or injured by fuch order or fentence of any fuch collector or colle&ors, or fub -commiflioners, (hall make his or their appeal or appeals to the chief commiilioners of excife, within the fpace of one calendar month, next after fuch fentence or order (hall be given, and in default thereof, that no appeal (hall be afterwards received.

LXII1. And whereas it frequently happens that the collectors of his Majefty’* revenue are, at the time of their recovering;' death, or difeharge from their employments, indebted to coUekorl * his Majefty ; and it hath been found difficult to recover fuch debts from the perfons who became fecurity for filch coUe&ors, on account of the difficulty of proving that fuch collectors aCtualiv received the feveral fums of which their arrears confift ; for remedy whereof, be it enaCted, That every abftraCt and account which hath been, or (hall be transmitted to the proper officer by any colledtor, and alfo every account fettled between any colle&or and the accountant-general, (hall, rn all actions or fuits commenced, or to be commenced again ft the fureties of fuch collector, be allowed in all courts of law and equity, as evidence of the debt and arrears thereby appearing to be due to bis Ma-jelly.

LX1V. And be it enacted. That if any collector or clerk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons, (hail tr&yjng reve-wilfully deftroy, or caufe to be deftroyed, or (hall, with Mfo°cca\h/ defign to defraud hi*3 Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, wilfully gbliterate or deface, or caufe to be obliterated or defaced, any of the books of account appertaining to his Majcfty's revenue, or belonging to any cuftom-houfe or cx-

cife-

Difficulty of

Perfons de£-

Digitized by

9*

A. D.

1797.

Chap.

Perfons who take away or fecrete revenue account hooka (hall fader death.

Profecutions fo* capital offences, (ball he within s year*.

Affidavit to he annexed to quarterly accounts of col. U$ors.

The thirty feventh Tear of George!II.

cife-office, every fuch collector, clerk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons being legally convicted thereof^ (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death without benefit of clergy.

LXV. And be it enacted, That if any collector, clerk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons, (hall wilfully take away or fccrete any of the books of account appertaining to his Majefty’s revenue, or belonging to any cuf-tom-houfe or excife-office, and (hall not within twenty-one days after demand made by the chief commiffioners of his IVIajefty’s revenue, or any two or more of them, of by any officer fpecially authorised for that purpofc, by writing under the hands and feals of any two or more of the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue, deliver up (upon oath if required) to the chief commiffioners or officer authorized by them as aforefaid, all fuch books of account relating to his Majefty’s revenue, in his, her, or their cuftody or power, every collector, clerk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons fo offending, on being legally convicted thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony,-and (hall fuffer death without benefit of clergy: provided nevertheless. That no attainder, corruption of blood, or other disability /hall enfue fuch conviction,

LXVI. Provided alfo, That in cafe fuch collector, or clerk of any collector, (hall abfeond or conceal himfclf, fo as a perfonal demand cannot be made for fuch books of account as are herein before mentioned, on notice or demand made in writing, and affixed to the principal door of fuch cuftom-houfe or excife-office, and printed in the Dublin gazette for the fpace of three calendar months, fuch notice or demand fo affixed and printed, (hall be deemed and taken to be as effectual in law, to all intents, conftructions and pur-pofes, as if a perfonal demand had been made on fuch collector or clerk charged with taking away or fecreting fuch books of account.

LXVII. Brovided always, and be it enafted, That no perfon or perfons (hall be profecuted by indictment, or otherwife, for any of the offences hereby made capital, un-kfs the fame be brought or exhibited within two years next after the offence committed.

LXVIII. And be it ena&ed, That every collector of his Majefty’s revenue in this kingdom, (hall, to every quarterly account by him fent up to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftom6 and excife, annex the following affidavit, to be by him figned and made before a juftice of the

peace, .

-Digitized by CjOO^Ic ~

The thirtyfeventb Tear of George III.

peace, or chief magiftrate of fome town-corporate, that is A. D.

to lay :	*797*

Chap. 30.

I A. B. colleSor of	do	fwear9	that I

have tarefully perufid and examined the foregoing account of receipts and payments for bis Majefly's ufe9 for the quarter end* tng the	day	of	1qft9	containing	pagesf

and have carefully compared the fame with the feveral vouch* ers and entries, and that the fame is9 to the bejt of my know-ledge, judgment9 and beUef9 a jujl and true account9 and contains all the receipts and payments that /, as colleBor9 am accountable for9 within the period of time therein comprehended9 and fur-tber9 that the feveral arrears returned in the faid account, are really due and lying out uncolle8ed9 aej verily believe.

#	'v

LXIX. And be it enaded, That the feveral officers of officeriof the cuftom-houfe quays and (lores, and the officers ap- «uayg an(j ^ pointed to take entries, (hall give conftant and due at- (hall attend u tendance in their refpedive Rations and bufineffes, from herein, the firft day of Odober, to the firft day of March, in every ,:year, from the hour of ten o’clock in the forenoon, to the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon, and from the firft day of March, to the firft day of Odober, in every year, from the hour of nine o’clock in the forenoon, to the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon of every day, Sundays and holidays excepted, for the difpatch of bufinefs, inftead of attending at the feveral hours during which they were formerly required to attend.

LXX. And be it enaded, That in any cafe where by xool. penalty any law now of force, or which* hereafter (hall be enabled on officer* who in this kingdom, relating to his Majefty’s revenue, any	to	£et

bond is or (hall be directed to be executed, and that the cxccutc®* officer or officers whofe duty it is to get fuch bonds fo executed, (hall neglcd or omit to fee that the fame is duly exe« cuted by the Qprfon or perfons directed by any fuch law to execute the fame, that then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch officer or officers (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

LXXI. And be it enadeef, That all juftices of the peace, All peifoni mayors,' (heriffs, ,portrievee, bailiffs, fovereigns, conftables, headboroughs, and all the King’s Majefty’s officers, mini.	&

£ersr and lubjeds ferving under his Majefty, by comm if- affift revs-fion, warrant,'or otherwise, (hall be aiding, and affifting nueofficcri^ to all and every perfon and perfons who are, or (hall be appointed to manage or colled his revenues, and the officers of thofc revenues refpedively, and their refpedivtf deputies, in the due execution of all and every ad and thing required and enjoined by this or any ad or ads of parlia-X	meat

No officer under a farveyor (hall ufe writ* of affi&mee.

Condables who refufe to attend, forfeit /I. or differ j months iiupii-fomnent.

' Conflables ■who have been led out of their dillri&s, conft-dered as having afted in their own.

Revenue officers n»ay break open and entor in prefcoce of a tonftable and feizc goods, &c.

7hetbirty-Jbventb Tear of George III.

meat of force, or which (hall be hereafter enafted relative to his Majefty’s revenue, and the due coileftion thereof, and all fuch perfons as (hall be aiding and aifiding unto them in the due execution thereof, (hall be defended and faved harmlefs by virtue of this ad ; and the proper officer* of his Majc/ly’s court of exchequer in Ireland, are hereby authorised, by application made to them by any known Solicitor of his Majedy’s revenues, or any of them respectively, upon his producing an order (igned by the chief commiffioners of his Majedy’s revenue, or any three or more of them, to ifftie writs of afiidance under the Seal of his Majedy's court of exchequer, to authorize the officer* of his Majefty'8 revenue to require and demand the aid and •aififtance of his Majefly’s officers, and all other perfons a* herein before mentioned.

LXXII. Provided always, That fuch writs of affiftance (hall not be made ufe of by any officer under the degree of a furveyor, unlefs fuch officer (hall have a written order, fign-ed by feme fuperior officer of the revenue, of the degree of a furveyor at lead.

LXXI1I. And whereas condables have frequently re-fiifcd to attend the officers of the revenue in the execution qf their duty, in cafes where by law the prcfcnce of a condable is made neceffary ; be it enafted, That any conda-ble who (hall refufe or ncgleft, upon requed made by any officer of the revenue, to attend and affid fuch officer in the execution of his duty in any manner relating to his Majef-ty’s revenue, where by law the prefence of a condable is made neceffary, (hall tor every refufal or neglcft, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, (hall Suffer three months imprifonment.

LXXIV. And whereas it has often happened, that in affHling revenue officers, condables who have begun to do their duty in their own didrift, have frequently in the progress of fuch duty been led into a different didrift, and have continued in another diftrift the afiidance which has begun in their own 5 be it enafted, That every condable who has afted, or (hall aft as aforefaid, Shall be confidcred *8 having afted within his own particular didrift.

LXXV. And be it enafted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refufe to permit, or (hall not fuffemny furveyor. Searcher, waiter, or officer of his Majefty’p revenue* to enter or. remain in his or their houfe, cellar, vault, (hop, ware-houfe, dore-houfe or dore-ceilar, or other place or places, to Search for fuch excifeable goods, and merchandizes as he may reafonably fufpeft to be concealed in fuch place, that in every Such cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch officer or officers after fuch refufal, to break open and enter

Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirty fevertih Teat of George III.	9J

in the day-time, in the prefence of 8 conftable, into any A. D-houfe, cellar, vault, (hop, ware-houfe, ft ore-cellar, or other 1797-place or places belonging to any fuch perfon, and to ftarch Chap. 30. for any goods or commodities for which the duties payable thereupon have not beeh paid, and in cafe any fuch goods (hall be founds to feize, attach, carry away, and put the fame into fafe cuftody.

LXXVI. And be itena&ed, That if any perfon (hall Have, or otherwife deftroy or damage, orcaufe to be ftaved, for deftroying dellroyed, or damaged, any vefiel or package wherein any feizable goods, ejtcifablc goods (hall be contained, or (hall (pill, fcatter, or deftroy, or caufe to be fpilled, fcattered, or deftroyed, any fuch goods, fo that the fame, or any part thereof, (hall be thereby damaged or loft, in order to prevent the feizure thereof, every fuch perfon fo offending, refpeflively, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

- LXXVI I. And be it cna&ed. That if any perfon (hall Perfon* who aflault or beat any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, or his affault revenue affiftant or affiftants, in the feizing or fecuring any excife- ?5cc|,t °!T afr able goods, wares, or merchandize, which he or they hath go^d^ forfeit or have reafonable cauie to fufped to be liable to fei- iooL zure, or by force or violence refeue or carry away, or (hall procure to he refeued or carried away, any fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, after feizure, or (hail, at or after feizure, deftroy or damage fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any part of them, in every fuch cafe, every per-fcui fo offending, being thereof legally convi&ed, fhall for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and upon failure of payment thereof, fhall fuffer imprifon-ment for the fpace of twelve months, and for the fecond offence, fhall be tranfported for the term of feven years.

LXXVI1I. And be it ena&ed, That every perfon who 5 or more flioll be found palling, knowingly and wittingly, with any perfenn indif-excifcable goods, landed from any (hip or vcffel, without (ouml due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereon, in go^s^^bc his or her cuflody, from any of the coafts of this kingdom, tranfported on within the fpace of ten miles of any of the coafts, anlfWiall conviaion, be five or more in number, and fhall wear any vizard, raafk, or other difguife, when paffiog w ith fuch goods or commodities, fhall, being legally convidccj thereof, be deemed, taken, and adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall, for his or her offence, be tcaufported as a felon for the fpace of feven years ; and in cafe any fuch offender fhall return to this kingdom before the expiration of the faid feven years/ he or fhe fhall fuffer as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

. LXXIX. Andibe it enafted. That if any perfon or per* pcrfonswho (on8 upon the (bore, or on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, (hoot at any vef-ffiall maheioufty fhoot at, or uponany fhip, vefftl, or boat, UX belonging to *	.	belonging	navy or revenue

A. D.

1797-Chap. 30.

in pore, (hall Cuter death.

Clerks of crown to return indi^tmenti found againft ptrfons charged with felonious offences, to clerk of privy council

The tbirty-fevatih Tear of George III.

belonging to his Majefty’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms of excife, within the limits of any port, harbour* or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues from any part of the coaft thereof, or if any perfon or perfons being on fhore, or on board any (hip, veflcl, or boat, (hall mail-cioufly (hoot at, maim, or wound any officer or officers of his Mijefty’s navy, or of the cuftoms or excife, whether attempting to go on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any (hip, veflcl, or boat, or otherwife acting in the due execution of his or their duty on fhore, or within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of any part of the coaft thereof, or (hall malicioufly (hoot at, maim, or wound any'perfon or perfons aiding or aflifting fuch officer or officers in the execution of bis or their duty, as aforefaid, then every perfon fo offending, and all and every perfon being aiding, abetting, or aflifting therein, (hall, being thereof legally convicted, be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death without benefit ot clergy.

LXXXm And be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be charged with being guilty of any of the offences made felony by this aft, before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or before one of his Majefty’s juft ices of the court of King’s-bench, if the offence be committed in this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, by information of one or more credible perfon or perfons, upou oath, by him or them to be fubfetibed, and (h*bc indifted for the fame in the county where the office (hall have been committed, if committed within tfee body of any county, or in any county in this kingdom, if the offence (hall have been committed at fea, and within four leagues of the coaft thereof, the clerk of the crown where fuch indiftment (hall be found, (hall return fuch indiftment and information to the clerk of his Majefty’s riioft honourable privy council in this kingdom, or his deputy or deputies, who is and are hereby required to lay the fame, as foon as conveniently may be, before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom9 for the time being, and the privy council of this kingdom9 whereupon it (hall be lawful for the faid lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors, to make his or their order in the faid privy council, thereby requiring and commanding fuch offender or offenders to furrendcr him or them-felves within the fpace of forty days after the firft publication thereof in the Dublin gazette, to the lord chief juft ice, or any other of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’a-bench, or to any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, if

the

Digitized by

Goo<

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

the offence be committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, who is hereby required, upon fuch offender or offenders furrendering him or themfclves, to commit him or them, without bail or mainprize, to the county gaol, or to the gaolorprifon of the place where he or they (hall fo furrender, to the end that he or they may be forthcoming to anfwer the offence or offences wherewith he or they mall ftand charged, according to due courTe of law; which order the clerk of his Majefty’s privy council, or his deputy or deputies, fhall caufe to be forthwith printed and publifhed in two fucccffive Dublin gazettes, and to be forthwith tranf-mitted to the fheriff of the county where the offence (hall be committed, if the fame fhall be committed in any county, and if the offence fhall not be committed in any county, but within the limits of any port as aforefaid, or within four leagues of the coafts of any part of this kingdom, to be tranfmitted to the fheriff of any county in this kingdom, near to the place where fuch offence fhall be committed, which iheriff fhall, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, caufc the fame to be proclaimed between the hours of ten in the morning, and two in the afternoon, in the market places, upon the refpective market days of the two market towns in the fame county, in which or near to the place where fuch offence fhall have been committed, and a true copy of fuch order fhall be affixed upon fome publick place, in fuch market towns ; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders fhall not fur-reuder liimfelf or themfelves, purfuant to fuch order of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be made in council as aforefaid, he or they fo neglecting, or refufing to furrender him or themfelves as aforefaid, or efcaping after fuch fur-rtnicr, fhall, from the day appointed for his or their furren-der, as aforefaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of felony, and fhall fuffer pains of death, as in cafes of a perfon convi&ed and attainted by ver-di& and judgment of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be charged to have been committed within tbis kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof; and that it fhall be lawful to and for the court of King’s-bench, or the juf-tices of Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery for the county or place where fuch perfon fhall be, to award execution againft fuch offender or offenders, in fuch manner as if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the faid court of King’s-bench, or before fuch juftices of Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery, refpectivcly, if the offence be charged *to have been committed within this king-Vol. XI.	G	dom.

Perfons out

to ad at litre ill.

The thirty-feventh ]' nr a/George III.

doro, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within tom leagues of the coaft thereof.

LXXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon fo neglecting or refufing to furrendcr himfelf or heffeif, as afore-a^A	fa*d#	to plead ore tenus in arrdf of inch execution, that fuch

perfon wa6 at the time cf ilTuing fuch proclamation, and continued to be until the expiration of fuch forty days, as aforefaid, out of this kingdom, and tl ercupon u jury fl:aU be impanneled to try and determine fuch plea, and if fuch plea {hall be found for the priToner, then and in iixh cafe he or {he {hall anfwer fuch offence, wherewith he or {he {hall £and charged as aforefaid, in like manner as if he or {he had furrendered himielf or herfelf in due time after fuch pro* clamation, as aforefaid. ,

LXXXII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That every fuch plea {hall contain an averment, that fuch perfon did oot fly for fuch offence.

LXXXII I. And be it ena&ed, That all and every per* fon and perfons who {hall after the time appointed, as aforefaid, for the furrendtr of any perfon or perfons fo charged upon oath with any of the offences aforefaid, (hall he expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or fuccour fuch perfon or perfons, knowing him or thenV to have been fo charged, as aforefaid, and to have been required to furrcncicr him or themfclvea, by fuch order or orders as aforefaid, and not to have furrendered purfuant to fuch order or oidcir, being	for the fame within one year after iheofleucc

committed, and lawfully corvi&td thereof, {hall be guilty cf felony, and {hall be tranlpor:ed as a Mon or felonsiorthe fpacc of feveu years, in the fame manner as felons aic or /hall be appointed to be tranfported by virtue of any act or acts already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the tranfportation of felons; and if any fuch offendei or offenders (hall be found at large within this kingdom, before the tx* piration of the faid term, without lawful caute, he, (he, or they, {hall fuffer as felons, without benefit of clergy.

LXXXIV. Provided m verthelch, and it is hereby de-

Plea to aver that perfon did not fly.

Penalty on perfons who harbour delinquents.

Juftiees may apprthend flapped perfons.

clared. That nothing herein contained, dial! be confhlied to prevent or hinder any judge, juftice of the peace, magiflratc, officer, or mini tier of jullice, from taking, apprehending, and fccuring fuch offender or offenders, for requiring whofe furrendcr fuch orde*r m council Hull be made as aforefaid, by the ordinary courfe of law: aud in cafe fuch offender or offenders, for requiring whole furrender fuch order in council {hall be made as aforefaid, {hall be taken and fecurcd, in order to be brought to iuihce

before

The thirty-ftroentb fear of Geoige III.

99

before tTie time (hall be expired within which he or they A. D*

(hall be required to furrender him or themfelves by fuch or- 1797. der in council, that in fuch cafe no further proceeding (hall Chap. 3®* be had upon fuch o*ler made in council, againft Wm or them fo taken and fecurcd as aforefaid, but he or they (hall be brought to trial by due courfe of law.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That in cafe any (hip or Veflels to veflel liable to fei^ureor examination, (hall not bring to, on km*’*	'

being required fo to do, or being chafed by any cutter or	9

other veffel in the fervice of his Majefty’s nary, having the	*

proper pendant and enfign of hts Majefty’s (hips hoifted, or in the fervice of his Majetty’s revenue of the cuftoms or ex-cife, fuch cutter or othdr revenue veflel having a pendant and enfign hoifted, with fuch marks thereon, as now are, or (hall be directed by the commiflloners of his Majefty’a revenue, or any three of them, to be ufed or worn by veflels in the fervice of the revenue of cuftoms and excife, in a blue field, it (hall be lawful for the captain or mafler, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch cutter or veflel in the fervice of his Majefty’s navy, cuftoms or excife, to fire into fuch (hip or veflel which (hall not bring to after fuch colours (hall be fo hoifted, and a gun (hall have been fired by fuch cutter or veflel as a fignal, and fuch captain or other officer, and every perfon acting in his aid or afliftance, or by his direction, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified anddir-chargcd from any penalties or actions for damages for fo doing ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall be wounded, maimed, or killed by, or by means of fuch firing, and the officer or officers, or other perfon acting in his or their aid or affiftance, or by his or their direction, (hall be fued, mo-lefted, or profecuted, or (hall be brought before any of hit Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or other juftices or perfons having competent authority for or on account of fuch wounding, ‘maiming, or killing, all and every fuch juftice or jufticesi perfon or perfons, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoiiied and required, to admit every fuch officer and officers, perfon and perfons fo brought before him or them, as aforefaid, to bail.

LXXXVI. And belt enacted, That if any (hip or veflel, $ool. penalty • not being iu the fervice of his Majefty*s navy, or in his Nfa-	t

jetty’s revenue, Britifh or Irifh, of the cuftoms or excife, c **** n * * (lull carry or hoift any fuch pendant or enfign, as is herein before mentioned or described, the mafter or perfon having the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.	•

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any perfon who pardon for fhall be guilty of aby offence made felony by tfus act, (hall felon*, at G 2	within	herein.

Digitized by LjOOQle

loo

O fiance* how

tried.

Penalty on perfons, &e. rrfufingto be fearched.

No perfon to ©Hftna& or afTault officers, &c.

The thirtyfeventl Year of George III.

within three months after fuch his offence, and before his conviction, difeover two or more of his accomplices therein, to the commiilioners of his Majefty’s excife, or to any one or more of them, fo as fuch accomplices, or any two of them at leaft, be convicted of fuch offence, the offender fo difeo-vering, fhall be clearly pardoned and difeharged of and from fuch bis or her offence.

LXXXVlIl. And for the fpeedy and impartial trial of any offence which by this aft is declared to be a felony or mifdemeanor, be it enafted, That every fuch offence, in cafe the fame fhall be committed within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or withiu four leagues of any part of the coafls thereof, fhall and may be enquired of, examined, tried and determined before any court or courts of Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery, in the nearcfl county within this kingdom, in fuch manner as if the faft had been aftually committed within fuch county.

LXXXJX. And be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons on board any fhip, boat, or veffcl, being within four leagues of any of the fhores of this kingdom, (nail refill or prevent any officer of his Majefly’s revenue from boarding or entering into fuch fhip, boat, or veffel, or from feeing, furveying, or making fearch for excifeable goods and commodities, or elfe permitting them fo to do, fhall prevent or hinder fuch officer or officers from feizing and carrying away fuch excifeable goods or commodities as fhall or may be found therein, and which they have authority to feize, though fuch relillance, hinderance, or prevention, fhall not be with arms, or by force of arms, then, and in fuch cafes, fuch fhip, boat, or veffel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all goods and commodities found therein, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized and profecuted as herein after direfted.

XC. And be it enafted, That if any officer or officers of his Majefty's navy, or in the fcrvice of the cufloms or excife, being on fhore, or going on board, or returning from on boanJ, any fhip, boar, or veffel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from the coafl thereof, fhall be oppofed, obffrufted, or affaulted in the due execution of his or their office or duty, by any perfon or perfons, either by day or night, every perfon or perfons fo oppofing, obflrufting, or affaulting the faid officer or officers in the due execution of his or their duty, and all fuch as fhall aft in his or their aid or affiflance, fhall be carried and-conveyed before anyone of his Majcfly's juf-tices of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch offence fhall be committed, or where fueh perfon fhall be apprehended, and fuch juftice fhall, upon the oath of one or

more

—- tized by

Google

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.	I	pi

more credible witnefs or Witneffes, commit fiicti perfon to A. D.

the next county gaol, there to remain until the next court * 797-

of Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery, or until J§ch Chap. 30.

perfon fhall be dc livered by due courfe of law, and j^&afe

an indi&ment (hall be found againfl him, he (hajppead

thereto, without having time to traverfc ths fame ftT prox,

as is ufual in cafes of mifdemeanors, and being dply con-

vi£led thereof, fhall by order of the court before whom fuch

offender (hall be convi&ed, be fentenced to pay, and fuffer

fuch fine and imprifonment as (hall be awarded by the faid

court, in its diferetion.

XCI. And whereas it frequently happens in feveral ports of this kingdom, that upon the arrival of many (hips at the rnough t0 ta^c fame time, there are not officers of his Maiefly’s revenue charge, $cc. fufficient in fuch port or diftrid to take the charge and care of the faid (hips upon them, by which means the colle&or, or other chief officer of fuch port or di(lri£l, is obliged to	f

employ other perfons, and place them in fuch (hips or vef-	/	£

fels, for the better collc&ing and fecuring his Majefty’a i revenue: And whereas fuch perfons fo appointed, are fre- : quently obflrufled by the mailers of fuch (hips or veffels, and other evil-minded perfons, on pretence that fuch perfons fo deputed, are not legal and commiffioned officers 5 For remedy whereof, be it ena&ed, That if any mailer, or other perfon having the charge of any (hip or veffel, (hall refufe permit any perfon or perfons authorized^' hr deputed by any writing figned by the colle&or, or other-chief officer of the * port or place where fuch (hip or veffel (hall arrive, to take the care and charge of fuch (hip or veffel upon him	or

them, or to enter into fuch his (hip, veffel, gabbard, boy, bark, or boat, or to remain on board, or (hall let, hinder or ob(lru£l fuch perfon or perfons fo deputed, in doing or performing/uch matters and things as lie or they (hall be authorized, deputed to do or perform as aforefaid, ihemaf-ter or other perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fuin of fifty pounds (lerling.	,

XCIL And be it cna&ed, That it (hall be lawful	to	Officers may

and for any officer or officers of the cufloms or excife,	to	co™Parc cargoes

enter into any coalling (hip or veffel, which (hall be within if°they da the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within pot corrcfpoud four leagues of the (bore thereof, and to fearch the cabbin, feized. and all other parts of all fuch coafting (hips or veffels, for prohibited goods, and to demand the cocket obtained by the mailer or other perfon having the charge of fuch (hip or veffel, in order to examine whether the cargo on board fiich (hip or veffel corresponds with the cockct, and if fuch cargo (hall not be found to correfpond with fuch cocket,

♦then every fuch officer is hereby authorized and required ,	immediately

Tool. penalty on on refudug to produce cocket.

Perfons taken

not admitted to bail without a recognizance for tool, and 1 furetieaof 100I. each.

Perfons who buy fuu goods, &c dull forfeit treble value.

Where goods are feized, owners (hall forfeit iool. if refcaed.

Tie thirty feventi Tear of George III.

imnyediately to feize fuch fhip or veflel, and bring her into the next port or harbour into which (he can conveniently come, and whether fuch cargo (hall be found to correl-pond with fuch coclcet or not, fuch officer and officers is and are hereby authorized and empowered to flay and remain on board all fuch (hips or vefTels, during the time that the fame (hall continue within any fuch port, or within four leagues as aforefaid ; and if fuch mailer or other perfon having charge ©f fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, upon demand, by any fuch officer, refufe or omit to produce fuch cocket, or if any perfon (hall oppofe, moled, or hinder any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, in going or remaining on board any fuch (hip or veflel, or in the entering or fearching the cabbin, or any other part the»eof, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XCI1I. And be it enabled, That where any perfon or perfons (hall, by virtue of this aft, be arreded or taken before any one of his Majefty’s judices of the peace, for any offence agaioff this aft declared to be a mifdemcanois fuch perfon or perfons (hall in no cafe be admitted to bail, unlefs lie (hall fird enter into a recognizance, with two fufficient fureties, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fain of two hundred pounds, and the fureties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that fuch perfon or perfons fhall appear at the then next enfuing court of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to be bolden for fuch county for which the judice before whom he (hall be brought (hall aft, and anfwer and plead to any indiftment which may be found for fuch mifdemeanor; and fuch recognizance fhall forthwith he transmitted to the clerk of excife, or other proper officer of the court of oyer 3nd terminer or gaol delivery for fuch county.

JCCW. And be it enafted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (ball knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or fhall knowingly permit or fuffer to be harboured, kept or concealed, or (hall fell or expofe to fale, or buy any excifeahle goods or merchandizes, knowing that the fame were run, fuch perfon Or perfons (hall, over and above the forfeiture of fuch goods, forfeit and lofe treble the value of fuch goods.

XCV. And be it enafted^ That whenever any excifeable goods (hall be feized by any officer of hi# Majefty’s revenue, in the hoyfe or out-houfe of any perfon or perfons, and that the fame (hall he refeued, in fuch cafe every perfon who harboured or concealed fuch goods, or in whofe houfe or out-hpufe, office or yard the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XCV! And;

Digitized by t^ooQle

The thirty fntevth Teat' of George III.

103

XCVT. And be it enadlrd, That wlrerever any perfon A. D. fclth any goods or merchandize exceeding the quantity for 1797. which fuch perfon fhall produce vouchers, to fhew that duty Chap. 30. was paid for the fame, it fhall be lawful f r the officer or ^ officers who fhall examine fuch goods* to feize, out of any Where quan-part of the fame a quantity equal to that for which nd t,ly of cover was produced, and the fame fhall be deemed and	*

taken as the goods and merchandizes for which there was fcizcd. * uot any voucher produced, to fhew that duty was paid for the fame.

XCVT I. And be it enafted, That every entry of any Particulars as goods or merchandize, fhall contain the following pnvticu- herein mention-lars, in words at length, that is to fay, the feveral nnd c<h «n every refpc&ive marks and numbers of the package.-* or vcffel in ' mry» which the goods mentioned in fuch entries are contained,

>v:th a particular defeription of fuch packager, or vefilia, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hogfhead, tierce, barrel, or other cafk, or whether cate, bale, pack, trufq, ciiefl, bo*, bundle or other package, or by fuch other name pr defeription as the fame is a&ually called or known, together with a particular account and defc iption of the contents of each package or vcffel; and if the package oy ▼rfTel in which any goods or merchandize, mentioned in fuch entry, fhall be contained, be not dtforibed in the man- * he herein directed, and if the goods contained in c*ich particular package or veflel, tl all not ac^ee with the account of the contents o* fuch package or veflel,' fuch goods and mer-fhandife, together with the package or veflel in which th$ fame is contained, fhall be forfeited, an^ may be lei zed by any officer of the revenue.

XC\^I 11. Whereas perfons importing the following goods Poft entries and merchandizes, that is to fay, fpirits, wines, hops, fugar, coffee, beer and ale, have been fometimes permitted to enter	8

fuch goods and merchandizes as containing a lefs quantity wcr?hta. than they really contained, on account or their not being Penalty 50I. able cxadlly to afeertain the quantities thereof, and afterwards to make a pofl entry of the quantity deficient jn fuch prime entry ; be ft enaeded, That in all cafes where pofl entries ought to be made on fpirits, wines, hops, fugar, coffee, or beer and ale imported into thin kingdom, the Dierchanr or other perfon importing the fame, fhall make fuch poll entry within twenty-one days after the goods (hall be gauged or weighed, refpe&ively, by the proper officer, or, in default thereof, fuch merchant c r other perfon fhall forfeit tiie fum of fifty pounds.

XCIX. Whereas it fometimes happens that goods imported into this kingdom are landed and taken away without payment of the duties payable to hisMajefly thereupon,

I

104

The thirty-feventh Year of George III.

A. D.	be	it ena&ed, That whenever any importer	or	importers

1797.	of	any goods, wares or merchandize, lhall	be	indebted

Chap. 30.	to	his M^efty, for or on account of the duties payable

11J	upon the importation of any goods, wares,	or	merchan-

dizes, taken away in manner aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the difeharging officer of the port where fuch goods and merchandizes have been fo taken away, to detain any other goods entered fubfequent to fuch taking away by the perfon or perfons whofe goods and merchandize were fo taken away, until fuch perfon or perfons owing to the duty due and payable on the goods and merchandizes fo taken away, (hall fatisfy and pay the amount thereof; and if fuch duties (hall not be paid within thirty days after the fame (hall be fo detained, the officer (hall caufe the fame, or a fufficient part thereof, to be fold by publick cant, and out of the money arifing by fuch fale, to pay the duties due, and (hall pay the remainder thereof, and deliver any of fuch goods remaining unfold to the owner thereof.^

No more du- C. Whereas goods imported into this kingdom have been tie* (hall be taken away by the owners thereof, without payment of the charged tlnn	duties due and payable to his Majefty on the importation

glvcnTor^*	thereof, be it ena&ed, That where any merchant is indebt-

ed to hi$ Majefty for the duties on any goods fo imported and taken away, and where fecurity hath been given lor the amount thereof, fuch goods, at the time of the entry thereof '(hall be charged with the duties for which fuch fecurity wras given, and no other.

All rmnufac- Cl. And whereas frauds have been frequently committed, tarcscfc0^., by entering feveral fpecies of new manufactures made of cot-duty as herein.	ton> at a ^owcr duty t^an by law they fhould be entered, and

be it enaCted, That all manufactures made all of cotton, of the like fpecies of manufacture, as callico, muflin, or muf-linet, whether the fame or any part thereof be ftained or dyed before or after the wearing thereof, by whatever particular name the fame now are are or hereafter (hall be denominated, (hall fall under the defenption of and pay duty as callicoes, muflins, or muflinets, printed, painted or ftained.

Good* pay-	Cl I. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful

beVmn- ^or feveral officers of his Maje(ty,s revenue to open, *arcd with view, and examine all goods and merchandizes, paying duty J>i ice* (worn to, ad valorem, and compare the fame with the value and price &c. as herein. thereof fworn to or affirmed by the importer, and if upon examination thereof, by the proper officers,'it (hall appear to them that fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, or any of them, are not valued according to the true price or value thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officers to detain fuch goods, wares and merchandizes, and to caufe the fame to be conveyed into his Majefty’s warc-houfe, or otherwife

properly

Digitized by L.ooQLe

j

The thirty-ftmenth Tear of George III.

105

proyeily fecured at the port of importation ; and the cbm- . A. mimoners of the revenue, or any tour of them, are hereby	1 ^7. *

empowered to dire& the cofle&or of the port into which	Chap. l0

fuch goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported, ; to pay out of any money in his hands applicable to the fame, to the importer or proprietor of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, the value thereof fo afeertained as aforefaid, together with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and alfo the duties paid on the importation of fuch goods, but without auy further allowance either on account of freight, or any other charge or expence whatfoever ; which payment the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue are hereby dire&ed to caufe to be made within one month after the goods (hall be fo taken and detained.

CII1. And be it ena&ed, That fuch payment fo made Such pay-to the importer or proprietor of the goods, wares, or mer- menttopro-chandize, (hall be deemed to be in full fatisfaflion for the	ref

fame, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch goods, wares, gularlyfold,S*c. or merchandize, refpe&ively, had been regularly fold, and that it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, whether the value of the goods, warci, or merchandize fo refpe&ively afeertained, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and alfo of the duties payable on the importation thereof, be demanded or not, to caufe the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, refpedtivcly, to be fairly, and publickly fold to the bell advantage, and in cafe there fhall be any overplus remaining from the produce of fuch fale, after deducing the value fo afeertained, as aforefaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and alfo of the duties payable on the importation thereof, and the charges arifing from the warehoufing and fale of fuch goods, or order one moiety of fuch overplus to be paid to the officers of the revenue concerned in the view and examination of fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, as an encouragement for the faithful difeharge of their duty; and the other moiety, together with the amount of the value of the goods fo afeertained, as aforefaid, with the addition of ' ten pounds per centum, and alfo of the duties payable on the importation thereof, to be paid rnto the hands of the col-ledior of the port within which fuch goods (hall have been fold, for the benefit of his Majefty, but in cafe the produce of fuch fide, after deducing the charges arifing from the warehoufing, fecuring, and fale of fuch goods, (hall not amount to fo much as the value of fuch goods, fo ascertained, as aforefaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties payable on the importation there-

The thjriyfeventh Tear of George III.

A.	1).	of, that the whole produce of the fale of fuch goods, after

1797. , dedu&ing the charges arifing from the warehoufing, fecur-Chap 30. ing, and fale thereof, (hall be paid to the collector of the V—port within which fuch goods fhall have been fo fold, for the ufe of his Majedy,

None (ball be- CIV. And be it ena&ed. That no perfon (hall be entitled freed of 6 per to an exemption from the payment of the additional duly of aMxerfonn're* /fr cent• until he fhall perform fuch afls, and fubmit to quifites.	fuen ^Ica and regulations as (hall he directed by the chief

commiflioners of his Majedy’a revenue of excife, qr any three or more of them.

Recital of 14 CV. And wheieas by an a£l made and paRld in this lc i$ C. s con- kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of thd reign *ood* of king Charles the fecond, entitled, jin for fettling o mzens, See.	0f poundage, and grunting a fubfidy of tonnage and

other fums of money unto his royal Majjlyy his heirs and fic-cejfors ; the fame to be paid upon merchandises imported and exported into or out of this kingdom of Irc'andy according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, it is amongft other things enaded, that if any goods or merchandizes aforefaid, of any merchant being bom denizen of this realm of Ireland, of any other his Majedy’s dominions, hath been, or at any time hereafter, fhall be taken by any enemies or pirates upon the fea, or perifh in any {hip or (hips that fhall happen to be taken or perifhed, whereof the fubfidies and other duties s are or fhall be duly paid or agreed for, and that duly proved before the lord treasurer of Ireland, or the chief baron of bis Majedy’s court of exchequer for the time being, by the examination of the fame merchants, if they be alive, or of their executors or admiiullrators, if they he dead, or by two Credible vyitnefles, at the lead, fworo, or other rtafonable witnefs, or proof fworn, that the fame merchant or merchants, his or their executors or admin ill rators, fhall ami may newly fhip in the fame port, where the goods and merchandizes aforefaid were or fltall be accudomed, fo much other goods and merchandizes as the fame goods and merchandizes fo lod, as aforefaid, fhall amount upto in cuflom, without paying of any thing for the fame, fo as the fame proof be recorded and allowed qf in the court of exchequer, and certified unto the collector of the cudoms of the port where the fame goods and merchandizes are to be newly (hipped without cuftom, as aforefaid : and whereas by rea-fon of the proof by the faid recited a& required, being thereby appointed to be made before the lord trcafuier of Ireland, or the chief baron of the exchequer, in the manner dire£icd by the faid a£i, great incoiiveniencies arife to

m$rchant|

gitized by

Google

The thirty-fei^nth Tear of George IIL

merchants entitled to the benefit of the faid recited aft, for remedy whereof, be it enafted, That if the proof required by the faid recited aft (hall be made before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before any judge of af-(ize npon his circuit in this kingdom, who are refpeftivcly hereby direfted and empowered to receive fuch proof, that* in fuch cafe the perfon or perfons fo making or caufing fuch proof to be made, and who fhaH perform all the other re-quifites by the faid recited aft direfted, (hall be entitled to the benefit intended by the faid aft, as fully as if fuch proof had been made before the lord treafurer of Ireland, orchid baron of the exchequer.

C VT. And be it enafted, That all goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, coming in, or going out, from Jh^ppcd or un-or to any part or place beyond the Teas, or any port or ha- ou't5 ▼en of this realm, that {hall be unfhipped, or dipped off at be Veiled.

%ny time before due entry of the fame made with, or the warrant, or the licenfc had and obtained from the officer of excife, in the port where fuch goods {hall be unfhipped, landed, or {hipped off, for doing thereof (hall be forfeited.

CVII. And whereas In many cafes the veficls or packages . vcffeU or which contain goods and merchandises that are unrated in P****• their value, are of as great or greater value than the goods	iu ■ralua-

they contain, be it enafted. That in all cafes where fuch tioa. vciTehs or packages are of real value, the value thereof fhaH in evc^y valuation be addcc^ to the value of the goods, and pay duty accordingly,

CVIII. And be it enafted, That, all goods, wares and Goods fived merchandize*, which (hall be faved out of any vefTsl or (hip out of veflsis that lhall happen to be forced on fhore, or branded on the coall of this kingdom, not being wrecked goods, jet fom, |*rl'y entered* flotfairt, or lagan, thalL be entered with the proper officer, mdp»yduty, a* if tlie laid goods were regularly imported, and after all charges of falv*ge, and other charges paid, as aforefaid, be. fubjeft to the pi/:nent of the like cuftoms and duties, and the owners be entitled to fuch drawbacks on exportation, and the like allowance and abatements as fuch goods and merchandizes would be liable unto, or the owners be entitled to have, ip cafe the fame were regularly imported.

CIX. And be it enafted. That in cafe any cutter, lugger, All cutters, fhailop, wherry, Hoop, fmack, or yawl, belonging, in the lugs?™. See. as whole or in any part, to any of his MajeftyVfubjefts, and ^^rcaf*crPt all veflels belonging, as aforefaid, of any other defeription, Q,a;| ^ forf^. whofe bottoms are clench-work, having a bow-fprit which ed. ftall exceed in length more than two thirds of the length of

fuch

All goods,'

xo3

A. D.

^797-Chap. 30.

Not to extend to vefTels from America,

Act. nor to vcl-fels in his jYIa-jefty’f f.rvice, dec, as herein.

The thiriyfrventh Tear of George III.

fuch cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry,, (loop, fmack, yawl or other vefTel, from the forepart of her ftem to the aft fide of her ftern j)oft aloft, whether the fame (hall be fitted with a (landing or running bowfprit, and all vefTels belonging, as aforefaid, the length of which (hall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth, and all (hips or vefTels belonging, as aforefaid, armed for refiftande, othrrwife than as is herein after excepted, which (hall be found within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, (hall be forfeited, together with all the goods, if any, which (hall be laden therein, and all her guns, tackle, ammunition, and furniture: provided that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to prevent any (hip or veffel from havingon board two carriage guns, of a calibre not exceeding four pounds, and fmall arm6 not exceeding two muf-kets for every ten men.

CX. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That nothing ia this ad (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to any (hip or vefTel on a voyage from any part of America, or the Eaft or Weft Indies, or Africa, or the idand of Madeira, or the Mediterranean, fo as to fubjed the fame to forfeiture on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any fhip or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty’s navy, vidualling, ordnance, cuftoma, excife or poft office, on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any vefTels the owner of which (hall have a licenfe, as herein described and direded, for navigating the fame, from the lord hi^jh admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being, or from the commiffioners of his Majelly’s revenue in this kingdom, or any perfon authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of her built, or for having on board fuch arms or ammunition as fhc (hall or may be licenfed to have, as herein after mentioned, nor to any lighters or barges ufed folely in rivers or inland navigation, nor to any fhips or vef-fels which (hall have on board any arms or ammunition, which fhall have been regularly entered and cleared at any cnftom-houfc, in any of his Majefty*s dominions, as merchandize, or for the ufe of his Majellv’s (lores or garrifons, and are regularly ftored in the hold of fuch vefTels, or are put on board for the neceffary ufe or defence of fuch veffels, by l'cenfe. from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being, or by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any perfon authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of fuch arms and ammunition.

CXI. Provided

A. D.

1797. Chap. 30.

No fee for li-

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.	ioc

CXI. Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That no fee, gratuity or reward, fhall be demanded or received for any iicenfe for regiftering the fame.

CaII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That the owner of every (hip or vefTel which fhall be licenfcd as herein men* tioned, d\all, before fuch (hip or vefTel fails out of any port, cenfe, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, bring fuch Iicenfe, or Licenfeslhall caufe the fame to be brought to the colle6tor or other pro- raftered6**11* * per officer of his Majefly’s revenue, for the port, harbour herein, or creek, from which fuch (hip or vefTel is about to fail, which faid colle&or or other proper officer of his Majelty's revenue, is hereby required duly to regifter the fame, and	V

every fuch owner (hall alfo produce the fame to the colle&or,	^

or other proper officer of hi*3 Majefty’s revenue, of any port, harbour, and creek, at which he (hall arrive.

CXIII. And be it enabled, That every fuch Iicenfe (hall What fhall be fpecify the tonnage of fuch (hip or veflel, and deferibe whe.- fpccihcd in li-ther (he is a cutter, lugger, fhallop, (loop* fmack, wherry, ccn * c* or yawl, and of what fort of built (he is, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof, and what quantity and number, and what fpecies of arms and ammunition (he is licenfed to take, and have on board; and the owner or owners of fuch (hip or vefTel, (hall alfo give fufficient fecurity, by bond to his Majefljs in double the value of fuch (hip or veflel, to be approved of by fuch collc&or, or other proper officer of the revenue, with condition that the faid (hip or veflel fhall not be employed in the importation, or landing of any tea or foreign fpirituous liquors, or any goods prohibited, or hereafter to be prohibited, or any other goods, contrary to any a & now of force in this kingdom, or hereafter to be en-a&ed, or in the exportation ot any goods which are, or from time to time may be prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the relanding, contrary to the law, of any goods, which are entered outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, or which are, or may be prohibited to be ufed or worn in this kingdom, on failure whereof, or any part whereof, fuch Iicenfe (hall be void, and of no force or effe&, and fuch (hip or veflel (hall be liable to feizure and profecution, in the fame manner, as if no fuch Iicenfe had been granted.

CXI V. And in order to afeertain the tonnage, or bur- Winner of den of all (hips or veflels ; be it enabled, That m all cafes *&*ruining the where it (hall be requifite by law, to afeertain the tonnage or burden of any (hip or vefTel, the rule for admeafuring fuch (hips or veflels (hall be as follows, that is to fay, the length (hall be taken on a ftraight line along the rabit of the keel of the (hip, fiom the back of the main-flern-poft, to a perpendicular line from the fore part of the tnam-ftcro under

the

' Digitized by C O^lC

/

The thirty fevent k Tear of George III.

the boltfprit, from which fubtra&ing three-fifth* of the breadth, the remainder {hall be efteemed the juft length of the keeh to find the tonnage, and the breadth (hall be taken from the outfide of the outfidr plank, in the broadeft pan of the (hip, be it either above oi below the main-whales, exclufjve of all doubling planks that may be wrought upon the fide* qf the (hip, then multiplying the length bf the kerl by the breadth fo taken, and that proau£l by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by ninety-four, the quotient (hall be deemed the true content* of the tonnage, according to which rule the tonnage of all fuch (hip* and veflels (hall be meafured and afeertamed.

CXV. And be it ena&ed, That if any boat, wheny, wUhmoiet0th« P’™**, barge, or galley, towing, or made, or built to 6 oar* <half be row* Wlt“ more'thanux oars, (hall be found upon the water, burned.	or in any barge-houfe, work-houfe, fhed, or other place

within any port, haven, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, and the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (haD be feized by any officer of his Majefiy's revenue, and after the feizure and condemnation of. fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, the principal officers of his Majdty’s tevenue, m the port or place where fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, (hall be fo condemned, are-hereby dire&ed, to caufe fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley to be burned, and wholly deftroyed.

Not to extend CXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained to boats herein, (ball extend, or be conflrued to extend to any barge or gal-&c“	ley, in the (ervice of his Majelly’s revenue, or to any long-

boat, yawl or pinnace belonging to, and ttfed in the fcrvice of any merchant-fhip or vcflTel, or to fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, as (hall be licenfed by the chief commifGoners of his Majcfty’s revenue, or any three of them, or by fuch perfon a6 the faid commilfioners, or any three of them (hall appoint for that putpofe, which licenfe (hall be granted without any fee or chaige ; provided that no fuch hcc jfe (hall be granted, but upon fufficient fecurity to be given to his Majefty, his heirs and fueccflbrs, by the owner or owners of fuch boat, wherry, r>innace, barge or galley, by bond, in fuch penalty as the {aid chief coramif-lioners of his Majefty’s revenue (hall find to be reasonable, with condition that the fume (hall not be made ufe of ii: the running any goods whatfoever into this kingdom, or in the re-landing of any goods to be (hipped in this kingdom on debenture, which lecurity the faia chief commiffioncni a?c hereby empowered and required to take for the ufe of his Majelty, his heirs and fucceffor*.

CXVII. And

no

All boats,

The thirty frventh Tear of George III.

CXVIL And belt cnafted, That the owners of all gab* bards* boats, wherries> and other vefTels not required by law to be registered, belonging to any port or place in this kingdom, fh 11 paint, or caufe to be painted, in white or yellow roman letters, of length not lefs than three inches,

\ipon a black ground, cn fome confpicuous part of the (tern aot r.t3uinJ<* - of fuch gabbard, boat, or other VefTel, provided there fhall be painted* be fufficient fpacc for that purpofe, but if not, then in let- therein, ters as large as the fpace will admit, the name of fuch gab-bard or boat, the name of the port or place to which fhe belongs, and the name and furname of the owner or owners of fuch gabbard or boat, and in default thereof, fuch gab-bard or boat, with all her tackle and furniture, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the revenue.

CXVlIl. And be it enabled, That if any brandy, rum, All vefleliand or other fpirits in cafks, bottles, jars, or other vefTels of- cargoesi forfeit-packages, under fifty gallons gauge, fave and except fpirits „ot aft ashexeia of vitriol, or ether fpirits ufed in the linen manufacture, and dir$AU<L cordial waters, or any teas in any package, except fuch teas as fhall be dircCtly brought from Great Britain, and proved to have been exported from ther.ce, or any teas, whether brought from Great Britain, or not, in packages, containing lefs than ten pounds each, or any tobacco in any pack* age containing lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or any goods liable to forfeiture by any a& of parliament, upon importation into this kingdom, fhall be found on board any fhip, vefTel, or boat, in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the (bore thereof, or fhall be difeovered fo to have been, although bulk fhall not appear to have been broken, or any of the faid goods or commodities before mentioned, or any of them run, or attempted to have been run out of fuch fhip, veflel, or boat, in every fuch cafe, all fuch goods and commodities fo found on board fuch fhip,

, vefTel or boat, together with fuch fhip, vefTel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and all goods and commodities found on board, fhall be forfeited ; or if any fhip, vefTel, or boat, fhall be found in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the Chore thereof, or fhall be difeovered fo to have been, although fuch goods and commodities before mentioned, or any of them, fhall not be found on board fuch fhip, vefTel, or boat, upon proof made that fuch goods or commodities, or any of them, have been taken from on board fuch fhip, vefTel, or boat, , and landed in any part of this kingdom, then every fuch lhip, vefTel or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and all goods aud commodities on

board,

IU A. D.

1797-Chap. 30.

Ntmes of vcf-

4

nt

Penalties not incurred where veflels have been driven by dif-trefs.

Allowance for each fisainan.

Spirits brought in veflels as herein, {hall be forfeited, with ihips, Ac.

If goods be landed, the (hip and cargo (hall be forfeit* ed, although driven in by diftrefc.

Tie tlirtyfeventl Tear of George III,

board, (hall be forfeited, over and above any other penalty* or forfeiture for the faid offence, incurred by any law now of force in this kingdom.

CXIX. Provided always, That no fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred, in cafe fuch vcffcls (hall be driven in by unavoidable neceffity and diftrefs, and that the matter, purfer, or other perfon, having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip, veil'd, or boat, (hall immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip, veffel, or boat* into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice, and make proof of fuch neceffity and dillrefs. Before the chief officer of the revenue, refident at the ncar-eft place, where fuch (hip, veffel, or boat (hall arrive.

CXX. Provided alfo, That it (hall be lawful to have fo much tea, brandy, rum, or other fpirits, for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to, and on board fuch (hip or veffel, as (hall not exceed in quantity more than two gallons of fpirits for each feaman, nor more than one pound of tea for each feaman belonging to filch (hip or veffel.

CXXI. And be it eaa&ed, That if any rum, or fpirits, of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of the Britiffi colonies or plantations in America, (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, either from the faid colonies or plantations, or from Great Britain, in any (hip or veffel whatfoever, under the burthen of feventy tons; or if any foreign brandy, ftrong waters, or other fpirits, (hall be imported or brought from any port or place whatfoever, in foreign parts, into this kingdom, in any (hip or veffel, under the burthen of one hundred tons, except only a quantity for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to, and on board fuch (hips or vcffcls refpe&ively, not exceeding two gallons for each of fuch feamen, every fuch (hip or veffel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and alfo all fuch^ brandy, rum, ftrong waters, or other fpirits, (hall in each and every fuch cafe, be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue.

CXXII. And whereas ihips and veffels with fuch goods and merchandize on board them, frequently come into the ports, harbours, havens, rivers or creeks of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the fhore thereof, either in real or pretended diftrefs, and after they fo come in as aforefaid, fmug-gle the whole or part of their cargoes ; be it ena&ed, That if any (hip or veffel (hall come into any port, harbour, have?, river or creek in this kingdom, or (hall be within four leagues of the (hore thereof, with any fuch goods or merchandize as aforefaid on boaid, and that any of fuch goods or merchandize (hall be fo landed in any part of this kingdom* the fhip or veffel from on board of which fuch goods or x	merchandize

rDigi

Google „

The thirtyfeventb Tear of George III*

merchandize fhall be fo landed, together with all her guns* tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, (hall be for-f ited, as alfo the remainder of the cargo of fuch fhip or ve(Tel of fuch deferiptions, and in fuch packages as afore-faid, .notwithflanding fuch fhip or veffel was forced into this kingdom, or was within four leagues of the fhore thereof, by unavoidable neceflity ordiftrefs.

CXXIII. And be It ena&ed, That the matter of every ^ w fhip or veflel arriving at any port, harbour, or creek in this veflels in hallaft kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour or (hall report as * creek in tin's kingdom in ballad, (hall, if called upon by the herein, penalty collc&or, or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, 100 * make a juft and true report of fuch fhip or veffel, both inwards and outwards, and anfwcr upon oath to fuch queftions relative to the voyage and navigation of fuch (hip or veflel as fhall be put to him by the colle&or, or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, at the port, harbour, or creefc. where he fhall arrive, or from whence he fhall depart, and fhall, if required by fuch officer, produce the fhip’s papers, under the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every . uegled, omlffion, or refufal To to do.

CXXIV. Provided always, That no matter* or other No fees for pei*fon having the charge or command of any fhip or veflel in report, ballad, making a report as above required, Audi in refpeft thereof, be liable to the payment of any fees, other than fuch as fuch fhip or veflel was fubjcdl to, previous to the pafling this ad.

CXXV. And be it ena&cd, That where the matter of Where maf-any fhip or veffel fhall report any bales or other packages of ters report goods for exportation in the fame fhip or veffel in which they for were imported, it fhall be lawful for any officer of his Ma- ^whichlm-^ jetty's revenue to open fuch bales and packages on board ported, officer* fuch fhip or veffel fo reported, and to examine the contepts. may cxumi.c, thereof, or to bring them on fhore to his IYiajcfty’s ware- ficc* houfe, at the cuftom-houfc fbr the port where fuch report is made, and in cafe it fhall appear, on fuch examination, that fuch bales or packages fhall contain any goods which are prohibited to be imported, or are liable to forfeiture on being imported into this kingdom, by any law now of force, or which fhall hereafter be ena&ed, all fuch goods, and the packages thereof, fhall be forfeited; and in cafe fuch goods fhall not be prohibited, the fame fhall be chargeable with the duties due and .payable thereon, and fhall not be permitted to be exported or delivered for that purpofe, before the fcgal duties are regularly paid for the fame, without the particular Jeave and aire&ions of the commiffioners of his Maieily's revenue, or any three or more of them, or the collc£lor of the port where fuch goods are put on fhore, and .Vol. XL	H	all

113

A. D.

1797-Chap. 30.



The thirty-feventh Tear ef George III.

all goods found on board any fhip or veffel, which the mailer fhall have omitted to fpecify in his report, (hall be forfeited.

CXXVI And whereas the mailers or other perfon* When matter* taking charge of fhips and veffcls arriving in this kingdom, report part of Jn order to avoid making an entry of their cargoes, and for «Trt° be tke pUrp0fc Qf obtaining time for more conveniently fmug-mayCbc detain- gbng *be ^ame> do* often report the whole, or port of fuch «d, nnril fecurity cargoes not to be landed: be it enadted, That whenever as herein.	any mailer, or other perfon taking charge of any (hip or

veffel arriving at any of the ports or harbours of this kingdom, fhall report to the proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, either the whole or bart of the cargo of fuch (hip or veffel not to be landed in this kingdom, it fhall be lawful for the collc6tor, or other chief officer of fuch port or harboifr, to detain luch fhip or veffel, and fuch part of the cargo thereof, as fhall be ft> reported not to be Landed, until fuch matter or other perfon taking charge of fuch Ihip or veffel „ fhall execute a boud, with two fureties, to be approved of by the collector or other chief officer of the port where fuch fhip or vettcl fhall arrive, to his Maiefty, in double the amount of the duty payable in this kingdom, on fuch cargo, or part of fuch cargo, which bond fhall contain a condition that fuch carg<} or fuch part thereof as aforefaid, fhall not f % be landed in this kingdom.

CXXVII. And be it enafted, That In cafe fuch bond owner*.	fhall be put in fuit, the proof that fuch goods were landed

in this kingdom, fhall not lie on his Majefty, his heirs or fuuceffors, but fuch goods fhall be deemed to have been landed, uulcfs proof mail be made of the place at which the fame were landed or put on fhorc, not being within this ' kingdom.

CXXVII I. Provided always, That no fuch bond fhall be put in fuit at any time beyoud one year, from the time of its execution, nor in cafe fuch goods fhall have been ^anded by licenfe from the collector, or other proper officer of the port where fuch report fhall have been made as aforefaid

CXXIX. And be it cnit&cd, That whenever any fhip

or veffel arrived at any port or harbour of this kingdom, and

the matter or perfon taking charge of fuch fhip or veffel,

having there reported to the proper officer, either the whole

do agree, Qr any part of the cargo of fuch fhip or veffel, not to be

1 !ha*vc • landed in this kingdom, and having departed from fuch port feised a* herein. ,	, n. n 6 •	*	^	,	,	>.

or harbonr, fhall arrive in any other port or harbour in this

kingdom, it fhall be lawful for the collector, or other proper

officer of fuch port or harbour, to examine the date of the

cargo of fuch /hip or veffel; and if fuch cargo fhall not

agree

Booth not to be put in fuit after l year, &c.

When veffel* go from one port to another, of this king* dom, if cargoes

The thirty frocnth Ttar of George III.

agree with die report and invoice of the matter or other perfon made to the collector or other proper officer of the port or harbour where fuch /hip or veffel did firft arrive, eveby fuch ^ip or veffel, together with her cargo, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by auy officer of his Majefty's revenue, unlefs it (hall be made appear that fueh difagreement was caufed by Unavoidable ritceffity.

CXXX; And be it cna&ed, That whenever any part of the cargo of any (hip or veffei chafed by any veffel in the fervice of the cuftoins or efccife, or by any (hip or veffel belonging to his Majefty’s navy, has been thrown oVer-board dunng fuch chafe, whether within or without the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within or beyond four leagued of the Chore thereof, in every fuch cafe, fuch (hip or vefttl, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, (hall be forfeited, together with the remaining part of fuch cargo.	,

CXXXI. Arid be it enabled, '‘That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to enter on board any Eaft India or Chinefe (hip homeward bound, except the King’s officer^ whofe duty obliges them to go on beard fuch (hip, or l'ucli other perfon or perfons as (hall receive a permit or licenfe from the colle&or or other fuperior officer of the port ot place where fuch (hip (hall lfe, of be under the penalty of five hundred pounds for every time fuch perfon or perfon* fhall go on board fuch (hip, without fuch liccnfe as aforefaid; and if any goods fhall be found open on board fuch (hip, thfc fame (ball be tdken account of, and made up in proper packages, fuited to the nature of fuch g »ods, by any officet or officers ftationed at the port or place where fuch (hip (hall be, which faid goods when fo packed, (hall be corded and fealed with a lead, with the King’s arms thereon, and an account of all fuch goods fo paeked up, corded and fealed as aforefaid, fhall be tranfmitted to the commiffion^rs or collector of the cultoms in the port of London, and alfo to the chairman of the court of diie&ors of the united company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the Eatt Indies.

CXXXIl. And be it enafted, That every boat or veffd Carrying perfons to fuch (hip or (hips, fhall be licenfed as aforefaid, and that every boat or veffel carrying .perfons to fuch fhip or (hips without fuch licenfe, (hall be forfeited, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any revenue officers (lationed on board fuch (hip or (hips, and they are hereby required, to prevent any perfon or perfons from going on board the fame, unlefs he, (he, or they produce fuch licenfe; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall refill or obttrudl fuch officer in doing his duty as aforefaid, iuch

H 2	pcvfcm

When veffei#

jchafai by King’t (hips throw any part ol" cargo overboard, they lb ail be lor foiled.

500I. penalty fo- going on board an Eaft India or Chinefe (hip, homeward bound, except officers, &«.

Boat# carry* nig perfons to fuch (hips, (ball be liccilfed.

ports herein mentioned, &c.

Tht thirty fevcnlh Tear of George III.

perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of fire hundred pounds; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hill m any cafe, forge or counterfeit any fuch licenfe or permit as is herein before mentioned, or (hall knowingly ufe or employ any •	fuch	forged	or	counterfeited	licenfe	or	permit,	he, (he, or

they, (hall forfeit the fum of one thoufand pounds for every fuch ofFence.

‘ ToUcco mty	CXXXIII. And be it cnafted, That It (hall not be

Dorts^wrdnMHO	to imP°rt any tobacco at any port or place in this

kingdom, fave and except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfaft, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Waterford, and Wexford, and if any (hip or veffel (hall be found within the limits of any other port* haven, or creek within this kingdom, having tobacco on board, in any packages whatfoever, or (hall be dlfcovered fo to have been, fave only and except in cafe of unavoidable neccffity and diftrefs, of which neceflky and diftrefs the mafter, purfer,' or other perfon having or taking the charge or comm?nd of fuch (hip or vefTel, (hall immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or vefTel in fuch port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the colle&or, or other chief officer of the revenue refident at the neared port whye fuch (hip or vefTel (hall arrive, fuch (hip or vefTel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and alfo the tobacco on board, fhall be forfeited.

Spirits,Ac. CXXXIV. And be it enaAed, That it fhaD not be nuy be import- lawful to import any brandy, rum, or other fpirits, or any as herein. tcaSf wjne8> or coffee without (pecial licenfe from the com-miffioners of the revenue, or feme officer properly author rized by them for the purpofe of granting fuch licenfe in the manner herein after mentioned, at or into any place or port in this kingdom, fave only fuch places or ports where tobacco may by law be imported, and the ports of the (hire towns of counties, and the port of. New Rofs, being fituated within the harbour of Waterford and the port of You^hall; and if any fhip or veffel fhall be found within the limits of any other port^ or haven, or creek within this kingdom, haying brandy, ium, or other fpirits, or any teas, wines, or coffee on-board, in any packages whatfoever, without a coaft cocket for fuch goods, or without a licenfe as afore-faid, having been previoufly obtained, or fhall be difeovere^ fo to have been, fave only and in cafe of unavoidable neccf-fity and diftrefs, of which neceflky and diftrefs, the mafter, purfer, or perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffel, fhall immediately after the arrival of fuch fhip or veffel in fuch port, haven, or creek, give notice and make proof before the colle&or, or other chief officer

of

V

4

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fevmth Tear of George IIL

of the revenue refident at the neareft port where fuch fhip or veffel foall arrive, fuch fhip or veffel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and alfo the faid brandy, rum, or other fpirits, teas, wines, or coffee, fhall be forfeited : Provided neverthelefs, That it {hall be lawful to have Ho much tea, brandy, rum, or ether fpirits for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to, and on board fuch fhip or veffel, as fhall not exceed in quantity two gallons of fpirits, and one pound of tea, for every teaman.

CX^XV. And be it cnadted, That it fhall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, to go on board any fhip or vefTel, being in any port or harbour, or within four leagues of the coaft of this kingdom, and to demand from the matter, commander, or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or veffel, the cocket granted for any debenture goods on board fuch fhip or veffel; and if bn examination of the debenture goods then on board, the faid officer or officers fhall find that fuch goods on board, are lefs in quantity than, or different in quality from the goods fpecified in fuch cocket fo produced, in fuch cafe the whole of fuch goods fo entered outwards, and fo found on board fuch veflel, together with the fhip or veffel on board of which fuch goods fhall be found, fhall be forfeited; and in cafe no fuch goods as fhall have been fo fhipped on debenture as aforelaid, fhall be found on boar 1 fuch fhip or veffel, fuch fhip or veffel fhall in like manner be forfeited ; and in cafe the matter, commander, or other perfon having chaige of any fuch veffel, fhall refufe or negledt to produce fuch cocket on fuch demand, all goods on board fuch fhip or veffel, together with the fhip or veffel, fhall be forfeited; and it fhall be lawful for fuch officer or officers in any cf the cafes, aforefaid, to feize fuch veffel, and the goods found on board the fame refpedtively, as the cafe may be.

CXXXVI. And be it enabled, That from the time any goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any com or grain, or any meal, malt, or flour, fhall be begun to be fhipped, or put on board any fhip or veffel, to be carried forth to open fea, or from any one port, creek, or member of this kingdom, to be landed at any other port or place in this kingdom, it fhall be lawful for the chief commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, pr any one of them, or for the collector, or in his abfence the chief officer of the port wh^re fuch goods, ware3, or merchandizes, com or gqnn, meal, malt, or flour, fhall be fo put on board fuch fhip or veffel, to place one or two officers on board fuch fliip or veffel, there . to remain during fuch voyage, and until all the faid goods, wares, or merchandizes, corn or grain, meal, malt, or floor,

fhall

Officers may board vefTels within 4 leagues of coaft, &c.

Com. may place officers, &c. as herein.

The thirty feventh Ytcir of George III.

(Kail be duly landed, and the faid veflel cleared out, or for fuch time as in their diferetion (hall feem fit; and that the mafter, or other perfon, having the charge or command of fuch {hip or veflel, (hall provide fuch officer or officers with beds or hammocks to reft or deep in, under the deck of fuch fhip or veflel, and {hall alfo provide fuch officer or officers with fufficient food, during the whole of fuch voyage, or for fuch time as he {ball be directed to n main on board ; and {hall land fuch officer or officerj at the port or pWe for which fuch fhip or veil'd {hull have cleared out, if io dirtied ; and if any fuch matter, or other perfon having the command of fuch {hip or veflel, {Hall negltft or refule to fupply fuch officer or officers >vith beds and food, in manner aforefaid, or fhail not land fuch officer at fuch place, he fh?ft forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

CXXXVII. And be it enacted, That in cafe any ex-cifeable goods, wares, or merchandizes fhall be un{hipped, or taken in at fea, or out of any fliip or veflel, in order to be landed, or put inio any other {hip, 01 boat, within the limits of any port of this kingdom, without firft paying pr fecuring, according to law, the cuftoms and other duties payable for the lame, the mailer, or other perfon having charge of fuch {hip, boat, or other veflel, into which any fuch goods, wares or merchandizes {hall be taken or put as aforefaid, {hall forfeit treble the value of fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, unlefs in cafes of unavoidable, dif-trefs or neceffity, of which the mafter or other perfon, having charge of fuch {hip, boat, or other veflel, fhall immediately give notice, and make fufficient proof of before the chief officer or officers of the revenue, in the firft port of this kingdom where he fhall arrive, and the mafter, purier, or other perfon taking charge of the fliip or veflel, out of which fuch goods fhall be taken at fea, unlefs in cafe of neceffity as aforelaid, fhall alfo forfeit treble the value of fuch goods fo unfhipped, one moiety of which forfeiture to be for the ufe of his Majefty, arid the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons who {hull inform or fue for the. fame, in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

Goods brought	CXXXVIII. And be it enafted, That if any goods,

frbm one port to wares, or merchandizes, fhall be put on board any ffiip or

Treble value pf excifeable goods taken from one vcfTcl to mother.

another without a warrant, be forfeited.

&u

“ veflel, to be carried forth to the open fea from any one port, ited creek, or member in this kingdom, to be landed at any other place in this kingdom, without a fufferance or warrant firft had and obtained from the proper officer of the port where fuch goods fhall be fliipped pr put on board, all fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes, fhall be forfeited; anji the mafter of every fuch fhip or veflel who fhall take in' any fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any port, '	creek,

If foreign

The thirty-feventb Teetr of George III.

■creek, or member in this kingdom, to be landed and dif-charged in forae other port, creek, or member thereof,

(hall, before the (hip or veffel be removed from the port or place where he (hall take in his lading, take out a cocket or cockets, and become bound to his Majcfty, with fufficient furety, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandizes, fa laden or taken on board fuch (hip or veffel, conditioned for the delivery and difcharge thereof in the port or place for which the fame (hall be entered as aforefaid, or in fome other port or place within this kingdom, the dangers and accidents of the feas excepted, and to return a certificate within two months after the date of fuch cocket or cockets, under the hand and feal of the proper officer of the port where the fame (hall be landed and difeharged, to the collc&or or other chief officer of the port in which fuch goods (hall have been put on board, that fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes, were landed and difeharged at the port or place for which the fame (hail have been entered, or at fome other place within this kingdom.

CXXXIX. And be it ena&ed, That if any tobacco or other foreign goods or merchandizes, (hall be (hipped on gc>odsl>c^uppsd board any coafting veflel in parts beyond the feas, or out fn a coafter in of any (hip or veffel at fea, or at .any port or place of this any other place kingdom, other than the port or place from whence fuch ^here Ihip or veffel (hah have obtained a cocket, or if any fuch uined, r>r if° coafting (hip or veffel, (hall leave any port or harbour from cocket and whence (he (hall have fo obtained a cocket as aforefaid, good* do not not having on board all fuch goods a6 (hall be mentioned C0lY^I”!?d’u. in fuch cocket, or having on board goods not mentioned in the faid cocket, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch (hip or iool * veffel, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, (hall be forfeited, and the mailer of fuch (hip or veffel (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

CXL. And be it enacted, That if any goods, wares, or if goods merchandizes, brought or coining into any port, haven or brought .from creek within this kingdom, from any other port, haven or one p4rt of this creek within the fame, by coaft cocket, tranfire, let-pafs, kingdom to or certificate, in (hips or veffels, (hall be landed or put on	eodeet'

(hore befoie fuch cocket, tranfire, lct-pafs, or certificate Ac i% delivered (hall be delivered to the proper officer or officers of the to officer, and port, and a warrant or fufferance made and given , by fuch warrant for officer or officers for the landing and difeharging thereof, ihe mailer, purfer, boatfwain, or other manner, taking devalue charge of fuch (hip or veffel out of which the goods (hall be fhall be forfeit-landed or put on fhore, consenting thereunto, (hall forfeit the cd. value of the goods fo un(hipped, and if any goods of to-jjeign growth, prQdu£iiqn, or manufacture, coming coaft-

(

Matters of pickets (hall forfeit rool. Sec. if they import or. export goods without leave of conupi&ouers.

Where goods are landed out of veflels not exceeding 25 tons, before entry, &c. fuch veflels (hall be forfeited.

Penalty herein for tea fmug-glcd.

Rev. officer* may enter all places, dec, as herein.

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

ways, as aforefaitf, (hall be landed without the prefence of an officer of the cuftoms or excife, fuch foreign goods, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

CXLI. And be it ena&ed, That if any mailer or commander of any Ihip, veflel or boat, appointed or employed ordinarily, for the carriage of letters and packets, (hall, unlefs it be in fuch cafes as (hall he allowed by the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s revenue of excife in this kingdom, knowingly import or export, or caufe to be imported or exported in fuch (hip, veflel or boat, any goods or merchandizes defigned for fale, into or out of this kingdom, fuch matter or commander (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with the value of all fuch goods and merchandize fo exported, and all fucli goods and merchandizes fo imported, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majcfty’s revenue.

CXLI I. And be it enabled, That where any goods excifeable (hall be unftiipped or landed out of any veffei or boat, not exceeding the burthen of twenty-five ton*, not being in leak or wreck, before due entry made of fuch veflels or boats, and of all the faid goods, at the cuftom-houfe or place allowed for landing, where fuch veifel or boat (hall happen to unfhip, or at unlawful hours, or without the knowledge, privity, ^and confent of the proper officers, who (hall nave attended the unlading of fuch goods, all fuch veflels and boats, together with their tackle and furniture (hall be forfeited.

CXLIII. And the more effe&ually to prevent the dan-deftine importation cf tea, be it enacted, That a penalty of twelve (hillings per pound for green, and nine (hillings per pound for bonea tea, over and above all other penalties already infli&cd by law, (hall be, and are hereby laid and irt-pofed on every hawker, retailer, or grocer, in whofe cuf-tody tea clandeftinely imported (hall be found, and alfo on all and every other perfon and perions in whofe cuftody tea imported as aforefaid (hall be found,* knowing the fame to be fmuggled, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety to the ufe of the feiziug officer or informer.

CXLIV. And for the more effeftual preventing of running of brandy and other foreign fpirits, and tobacco, be it enu&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any officer of his Majef-ty’s revenue, to enter, in the day-time, into the (hop, houfe, out-houfe, room or warehoufe, of any (hop-keeper, or other perfon that (hall fell brandy or other foreign fpirits, or tobacco by retail, and take an account, from time to time, of all fuch fpirits and tobacco as (hall fcf found in his or their jpoflhflion, (hop, houfe, out-houfe, 0/ warc-houfe, and to

make

yol. penalty

The thirty feventb Tear of Qeorge III.

make a juft return thereof, figned under his. or their hand* or hands, in fuch manner as accounts ire directed to be taken, and returns made of aqua vita, or ftrong waters, belongings to any vintner, diftiller, inn-keeper, or alehoufe-kecpcr, in and by an aft made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of, King C harles the fecund, entitled, An a3 for fettling the. excife or new impfl upon his Majcjly, bis heirs and fucceffbrs» according to the book of rates thereby inferted; provided that no perfon (hull be deemed a retailer of tobacco or brandy, or other foreign fpirits, within this aft, but fuch as fell brandy or other foreign fpirits, in quantities uuder one gallon, and tobacco under the quantity of four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight.

CXLV. And be it enabled, That if any foch fhop-keeper or other perfon felling foreign fpirits or tobacoo by retail, f0/hinc^ning7 fhall hinder »any fuch officer of his Majefty’s revenue, to officers, &c. enter into his or their (hop, ftore-houfe, room, out-honfe, or other places belonging to him or them, and to take an account, from time to time, of all fuch fpirits and tobacco in his or their pofTeffion, he or they fo hindering, (haU forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

CXLV1. And whereas by an aft pafTed ia this kingdom.

In the nwenty-feventh ycirof his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aSt for the further encreafe and encouragement cf flipping and navigation, it is amongft other things enaftea, that, if upon the arrival of any fhip or vefiel in any port or place to which (he fhall belong, the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of filch fhip or vefiel, and one or more of the owners thereof fhaU make proof, to the fatisfaftion of the commillioners of his Majors revenue, upon oath, pr in cafe of a quaker upon fo« kmn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the faid commif-fiouers, or any of them is thereby authorized and required to adminifter, of The lofs of the certificate of regiftry granted to fuch (hip or vefiel, and upon fecurity being entered into, purfuant^ to the faid aft, the faid commiffioners are required in fuch cafe, to authorize the proper officer of the port to which fuch fhip or vefiel belongs, to reg filer the faid fhip or vefiel de novo, and to grant a certificate of re-giftry according to the regulations, and in the manner and form pr.efcribed by the faid aft s and whereas great inconve-nicncies arife to the mailers and owners of Imps or vefiel# belonging to the out ports of this kingdom, m cafes where the certificate of Yegfitry of fuch fhips or vefiels are loft, by their being obliged to come to the city of Dublin, to take the oath or affirmation above mentioned before one of the commiffioners of his A/lsjefty*® revenue ; for remedy whereof, be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to aud for'

the

4

I

Digitized by

Google

The tktrty-fevenik Tear §/ George IIL

the faid commiffionm of his Majefty’s revenue, or any tliree of them, by commiffion under their hands and feals, from time to time, to authorize and impower fuch perfon or per-fons as they fhall think fit, in the feveral out-ports in this CemmifEoners kingdom, to be commiffioners to adminitter the oath or m»y authorize affirmation herein before mentioned, and all fuch oaths or pomto^admirii- a®rroati°n8 adminiftered by fuch perfon or perfons eropow-ftcr oath.	ered 218 aforcfaid, fhall refpe&ivdy be of the fame effed as if

made ih the manner prescribed by the faid ad.

CXLVII. And for better preventing frauds in rdandiag-in this kingdom, any goods which ffiall be entitled to a drawback or bounty oa exportation from hence to Great No drawback Britain '* he it ena&ed, That no drawback or bounty fhall ihaU he pakl,	be allowed or paid for any goods exported or entered for

ice. aahciau.	exportation from this kingdom to Great Britain, except for

goods which may perifh at lea, or be taken by an enemy or pirate, and which fhall be proved to the fatisfadiou of the commifiioners of his Majetty’s revenue, fo to have perifhed or been taken, until a certificate (ball be produced under the hands and feals of office of the collet or and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms for the port where fuch goods fhall he landed in Great Britain, teftifying the landing thereof, which certificate fhall alfb exprefs the exact weight, meafure, or quantity of the goods lo landed, with the number and marks of the calks, bdes, or other packages in which fuch goods fhall be contained.

.	CXLVII	I.	And	be	it	enacted.	That	no	drawback fhall

}>c fivonTb tnc- ^ on cxPortati°n of any goods, unlefe the export-orters, &c. as tr> merchant, or perfon having the direction of the voyage, ercin.	fhall, in order to obtain a drawback on fuch goods, make

affidavit upon the debenture paper, that he is the real owner, exporter, merchant, or perfon having the diredtioa of the voyage, and that the goods are really intended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry thereof, and to no other, and that no part thereof has been relanded, or is intended to be relandcd in any part of this kingdom, nor landed, nor intended to be landed in Great Britain, or the Me of Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro, nor to be tranfhipped or put on board any (hip, or veffel, uulcfs in cafe of real diilrefs to favc fuch goods from pe-rifhiug, and unlefs the matter or perfon having the change or command of the fhip or vefTel on board which fuch goods (hall be entered for exportation, fhall make affidavit on the debenture paper, that he is the matter or perfon having the charge or command of fuch fhip or vefiel, and that, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, neither fuch goods qoc any part thereof have been relanded, and that he will not futter the fame, or any part thereof to he relandcd in this

kingdom.

U2

A. 'D.

1797* Chap. 30.

The tblrly-fevcnth Tear of George III.

kingdom, nor to be landed in Great Britain, or in the iflands of Man, Faro or Ferro, nor to be tranfhipped or put on board any fnip or vefTel, unlcfs in cafe of real dittrefs, to faye fuch goods from perifhing.

CXLIX. And be it ena&ed, Thftt in cafe the matter of fuel) fnip nr veflcl fhall permit or fuffer fuch goods to be re- ed, &c. as landed, unlefs in cafe of dittrefs to fave the faid goods from herein, perifhing, of which dittrefs the matter having the charge of fuch {hip orveffe), out of which fuch goods fhall be relanded, fnall immediately give notice to, and make proof of before the chief officer of the port or place where fuch goods {hall be unfhippcd, the faid goods {hall be forfeited, and the uiailcr of the laid {hip or vcfiel, and alfo the owner of fuch goods fhall forfeit treble the value thereof. '

CL. And be u enacted, That no perfon o<r perfons fhall Exporter*.not be entitled to any bounty or drawback upon the exporta-tion of any goods or merchandize from this kingdom, until the perfon exporting the fame, together with two fufficient fureties, fhall enter into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccffprs, in double the value of fuch goods and merchandize, conditioned that fuch goods or merchandize fo intended to be exported, err any part therepf fhall not be Janded again in any port or place within this kingdom, or the Ifles of Man, Faro or Ferro, unlefs in cafe of a&ual dittrefs.

CLI. And in order to encourage the refining of fugars No bounty on this kingdom, be it ena&ed, That no bounty fhall be exportation of allowed upon any fugars which fhall be refined therein, and ^ be exported from thence, unlefs the fame fhall be exported * L in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to fay, of one uniform whitenefs throughout, and which fhall have gone through the operation of two or more clays fince it was laft in the pan, and {hall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the (love, according to the prefent pra&ice of refining, nor upon fuch refined iugar called ballard, or ground powdered refined fugar, or refined loaf fugar broken in pieces, unlefs the fame fhall have been twice clayed, and properly dried in the ftove, nor upon any candy unlefs properly refined and manufa&ured, and freed from dirt or feum.

CLII. And be it ena&ed, That if any refined fugars.	Lumps,^c.

pommonly called lumps, being in loaves, {hall have gone as herein, enti-through the operation of three clays at the leaft, fince they tied to bounty, weie latt in the pan, and fhall be net, and fhall have been thoroughly dried in the ftove in the manner herein before dire&td, though fuch loaves be exported without the fmall ends or tips, they :hall be deemed complete and whole, within the true iiUent and meaning of this ad, and the exporter

Goods forfeit*

The thirty-fevcnth Tear of George III.

A. D porter or exporters of*the fame fh^ll receive the drawback 1797. or bounty accordingly.

Chap. 30. CLIII. And be it enaded, That If the proper officer or officers of the revenue (hall, upon view or examination ei* Sugar or candy ther before or after (hipping, find any fugar or candy, which is herein, for- (hall be entered for exportation, in order to obtain the boun-ties or drawbacks thereon, to be left in quantity than ex-preffed in the exporter’s endorfement, or entered tinder a wrong denomination, or if fuch fugars (h^ll not be refpcc-tivdy refined in the manner before direded, or if fuch candy be not properly refined and manufactured, and free from dirt or fcum, ail fuch fugars or candy (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feizetj by any officer or officers of the revenue, and fued for, and recovered as herein after direded.

, CL1V. A*nd be it ena&ed, That before any drawback ®n f can* or ^°untY ffiaN be paid for any of the fugars or candy herein dy unt;i oarh, before mentioned, being of the manufa&ui* of this king-&cc. as herein, dom, or any debentures made out for the fame, the refiner or refiners, not being the exporter or exporters of fuch fu* gars 01 candy, fnall make an oath before the colledor or other proper officer of the port from whence fuch fugars and candy (hail be expprted, which oath fuch colledor or other officer is hereby empowered and required to admini-flcr, of the following import, that is to lay, that he, (he, or they fold fuch fugare or candy, exprefling the quantity and time when fold, the perfon or perfons intending to export the fame, and that fuch fugars have, refpedively, gone through the operations herein before exprefled, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the (love, or that fuch candy has been properly refined or manufactured, according to the true intent and meaning of tliis ad, and that he, (he, or they verily believes, or believe, fuch fugars or candy were produced from brown or mufeovado fugars, of the growth or produd of his Majefty’s plantations in America, or the Weft-Indies, and imported from thence, or from Great Britain, and that the feveral duties payable thereon, were duly paid; and the exporter or exporters of fuch fugars or candy, (hall then make oath before fuch colledor or other proper officer, as aforefaid, which oath fuch colic dor or other proper officer is hereby authorized and direded to adminiftcr, that fuch fdgars or candy, for which fuch bounty or drawback is then claimed, are the identical fugars or candy, or part thereof which were fold to him or them, as aforefaid, by fuch refiner or refiners, and before the money due upon fuch debenture or debentures (hall he paid, fuch exporter or exporters (halftnake oath in the manner herein before directed, that fugars or candy have been duly exported, and the fcarcher, or other proper oflU

CCJ

'	*Thc thirty feventh Tear of George	III.

cer of the port, relpeCtively., from which fuch fugars or candy fhall be exported, fhall certify that the fame have been fairly (hipped, and all other requifites duly performed ; and whenever the refiner or refiners of fuch fugars or ca/.dy (hall be the exporter or exporters thereof, fuch exporter or exporters fhall then rriake oath, in manner aforefaid, as well of the due exportation of the fame, as of the feveral particulars herein before directed to* be fwom to by fuch exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the fale of the faid fugars or candy, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£t.

CLV. And be it enaCted, That upon the arrival of any Jhip or veffel from any of the Britifh plantations in America or the Weft Indies, with fugars on board, at the port of caCresand7*ear her difeharge in this kingdom, the mailer or other perfon to report*, taking charge of the (hip or veffel, (hall, at the time he A makes his report of the cargo, deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue, fuch certificate as is ufually given or required to be given by the mafter of fuch Ihip, loading in and to fail from any of the faid colonies to Great Britain, and make oath, which oath the collector or other chief officer of the revenue is hereby empowered and directed to adminifler, that the goods fo reported are the * fame that are mentioned in the faid certificate, or in default nenn’ty icol* thereof fhall forfeit one hundred pounds; and that all fugar &c-‘ imported without fuch certificate fhall be deemed to be foreign fugars, and not of the growth, product or manufacture of the Britifh colonies, and (hall pay duty accordingly.	9

CLVI. And be it enabled, That all clayed fugars fhall Clay-d Var * be deemed to be Mufcovado fugar, within the meaning of deemed MuJbo-this aCt, and (hall pay duty and receive drawback as fuch, vat^‘ and be fubjeCt to the like regulations in every refpcct.

CLVII. Provided always, That if any fugar fhall be im- Sugars of *he ported into this kingdom, as being of the growth, produCt growth of L or manufacture of any Britifh colony or plantation in Anc-	^" ^

rica or the Weft Indies, without being included in fuch cer- herein ^ ** tificate, and that it (hall appear to the fatisfaCtion of the commiffioncrs of the revenue that fuch fugars are really the	<

produCt, growth, or manufacture of fuch Britifh plantations or colony, and that no fraud was intended, it (haft be lawful for the commiffioners to permit filch fugars to be entered, upon payment of the like duties as the fame would be liable to if they were attended with and included in the certificate.	*'

CLVIII. And be it enafted. That if any fpirits (hall be imported fpi-

fmported into this kingdom with which fugar, fugar-candy, rits mixed * ith

fyrup. or other glutinous fiib fiance fhall be mixed, fuch fhgars, &c (haU 7	6	fpirit3 be forfeit^, 5,c.

2

12 b

A. D.

' ’797-Chap. 30.

Matters of

No drawback on (pints in c alks uudtrjo gallon*.

Perfons who introduce foreign cambrick* or lawns, &c. (hall forfeit ax herein.

bricks or lawns, o* a . bricks or lawns, ki. v* or lawns, {hall, fc4 c * forfeiture of ffich 101.

Foreign hop* fhail be ware-huufcd, 6cc. as herein.

CnmiTuflioner* to give notice in

Tbt tlirty-fcvFnth Yea* of Gedrge III.

fpirits fo mixed ihall be forfeited, together with the ca{k*ov veffel* iu which the fame (hall be contained, and it fhall be lawful for any officer of his Majcfty’s revenue to feize the fame.

CLIX. And be it ena&ed, That no drawback fhall be allowed upon the exportation of any brandy or other foreign fpirits that Ihall be exported in calks or vcfTels containing lefc than fifty gallons each.

CLK. And whereas the cambrick manufa&ures of this kingdom have received great prejudice, by means of foreign cambricks and lawns fraudulently run into different paits of this kingdom, and fold ». ier the denomination of Britifh or Irifli cambricks and '.awns: for the prevention of inch frauds, be it enncied, 'Hint any perfon or perfons who fhall iritn ducc into any t*.rt of this kingdom any foreign cambricks or lawns, a.a. mall denominate fuch foreign cam-. t the fame to be Britifh or Irifh cam-g the fame to be foreign cambricks . j fuch offence, over and above the *gn cambricks or lawns, foifeitthe fum of fifty pound., one moiety there:. to be paid and applied to the ufe cf tne p^vera^: a J . u . .ny for carrying on the cambrick manufacture .. j. dthi or eile where iu this kingdom, and the other moic .y the informer or informed.

CLXI. And whereas it may tc.. T to the encouragement of the growing of hops in this kingdom, if foreign hops in-pci ted into this kingdom fhould not be vended, except at fuch times as the middle price of Britifh hops imported into this kingdom fhall exceed the fum of nine pounds by the hundred weight: be it enafied, That all foreign hop* imported into this kingdom, ihu’u, upon the landing thereof, be lodged in the pre-fence of the officer of the revenue, and under the joint locks w: his Majeity and the importer or proprietor, irt fuch wnuhoufe or warchoufes, t«y be pio^

. :dcd at the expenfe of fuch importer or proprietor, as ihall I;, .pprovedof by the commifiioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, or by the collector or other chief officer of the port where the fame fhall be imported, and the fame fhall not be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or wareboufes, except for exportation, uulefs it fhall appear to the fat is fa: lion of the commiifioncrs of the revenue, or any three or more of them, that the middle pi ice of Britifh hops imported into this kingdom fhall have exceeded, at the time of landing fuch hops or the delivering out thereof, the faid fum of nine pounds by the hundred weight.

CLXI I Provided always. That the commiffioners of his Majcfty’s revenue, flail, from time to time, make enquiry.

Digitized by

Google

The thirty feventb Tear of George III.

i*7

quiry, and whenever it (hall appear to them, or any three or A. D. more of them, that the middle price of hops exceeds the 1797-fum of nine pounds the hundred weight, it (hall and may Chap. 30.

be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more  -------—f

of them, and they arc hereby required to give notice in the Gazette as h«** Dublin Gazette, that the middle price of hops doth exceed the faid fum of nine pounds the hundred weight, and it .

(hall be lawful for three months after date and publication of iuch notice, to fell all foreign hops without their being warehoused.

CLXIII. And .be it enacted, That an allowance after iol. per cent, the rate of ten pounds per centum, (hall be made for the allowed for weight of every bag or pocket, in which hops (hall be im-ported during the time aforefaid, for the tare of fuch bag or pocket; and alfo, an allowance atthefcale of eight pounds ami 81b. for for draft tor every package that (hall contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco, or more, and two ^ndilb ^r pounds for every fuch package for naiiage, which allowance nailagc. on tobacco (hall not be deduced on exportation.

CLXIV. And be it enacted, That no fait of the pro- EngUIh or duce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be Jrdhfdtnotvo exported in any (hip or vefiei of ltfs burthen than one hun- ™	^

dred tons, and in bulk only, and not in bags or lacks, and that on the exportation of any fait, of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, the merchant, exporter, or owner thereof, (hail enter into a bond to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceill)r8, with fufficient furttic3, in the fum of fix (hillings and eight pence fur every bufnel of fait, reckoning fifty-fix pounds to every buihel that (hall -be ((lipped or put on board fuch (hip or veflel, with condition, that the fame, or any part thereof, fhall not be landed in Great Britain qr the Ifle of Man, but that the fume (hall really and truly be exported for other parts beyond the Teas, and that a certificate of fuch fait being landed at or in iome .foreignport, Great Britain and tfie Ifle of Man exceptejl,

(hall be returned within the fpace of fix. calendar months, from the date of the faid bond, under the feal of office of the chief magiftrate in any port or place beyond the leas, except as before excepted, or under the hand and fcal of the Britilh conful redding at fuch port or place, or under the hands and feals of two Britiih merchants, then being at fuch port or place, that fuch fait was there landed, and on return of fuch certificate, the faid bond (hall be void and of no effe&, and (hall be delivered up without fee or reward to the obligors, their executors or adminiftrators, to be cancelled.

CLXV. And in order to prevent frauds being committed by perfcns (hipping fait on board {mall vcficls or boats, under

pretence

I*S	The thirty-frtxnih Tmrof GporgC III.

A. D. pretence of carrying the fame from one port, creek or place 1797. in Ireland, to feme other port, creek or place in the fame Chap. 30.	kingdom : be it enaded, That no (hip, veflei or boat laden

_____________ or partly laden with fait, with an intent to difeharge or laud

Cfxkets to he the fame in fome other port or place within this realm, fhall jriven to nutters ^ fuifered to depart from the port or place where (he {hall yf vtfleh hnn^- tafcc jn ja(Jingt uutfl *hc lnafter, purfer, or other perfon, wavs^ Ac* as	having charge of the faid (hip, veflei, or boat, (hall take and

herein-	receive from the chief officer of the revenue of the faid port,

or his deputy, a cocket under the hand of fiich officer, cx-prefling the quantity of fuch fait «s (fyall be fa (hipped to be canned coaftways, zvd (hall alfo enter into a bond to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and luccciTors, with fuffieient fureties, in the Turn of fix (hillings and eight pence for every bufliel of fait, reckoning fifty-fix pourds to every buffiel, with condition that the fame fait (hall be delivered and difeharged in the pert or place to which the faid (hip, boat, or veflei (hall be deflincd, or in fome other poit or place within this kingdom, and not elfewhere, the danger of the feas excepted ; and that fuch matter, purfer, or other- perfon having charge of fuch (hip, boat or .veflei, (hall return a certificate of the landing thereof, within three calendar months next enfuing the date of the faid cocket, under the hands and feals of the coiledor, cuttomer, or comptroller of his Majctty’scuftoms, his or their deputy or deputies, in the port or place where fuch eoods (hall be landed or difeharged ; and from and after the return of fuch certi fierce, fuch bonds (hall be void and delivered up without fee or reward,' to the refpedive obligors, their executors or adminiftrators, to be cancelled: provided always, that it (hall be lawful to (hip as much fait as may be neceflary for the provifion of die crew of fuch (hip or veflei, for their vovage, or for curing of fifh.

WhepfJt CLXVI. Provided alfo, That if fuch fait fo to be ex-Jcft at fea,	ported or (hipped, or to be carried cirailways, or any part

bond* vmd.	thereof, (hall perifli ox be loft at fea, or (hall be taken by

enemies or pirates at fca, or (hall be ttranded, and that duly proved to the fatisfa&ion of the' chief commiffioners of his Majelly’s revenue for the time being, or any three or more • of them, the faid bonds (hall thereupon be void, and of no effed, and be delivered up without fee or reward to the refpedive obligors, their executors or adminiftrators, to be cancelled.	%

Salt within 3 CLXVII. And be it enadod, That all fait broughtun leagues of coatt, the coaft of this kingdom, or within three leagues thereof, iabjea to duty, fhall be fubjed to the like duty that fuch lalt would be fubjed to if the fame was adually landed in this kingdom, and in cafe any (hip, veflei, or boat, with fait on board, fhall be	any part of the coaft of this kingdom, or within

three

The thirty-fiventh Year ef George IIL	129

three leagues thereof, for the fpace of twenty-four hours,	A. D.

and fhall not invoice the faid fait, and pay duty for the	* 797-

fame, then, and in every fuch cafe, all fuch fait (hall be for- Chap. 30. feited, and it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of the U—— revenue to feize all fuch fait as fhall be found on board fuch fhip, vefTel, or boat, and to detain fuch fhip, veffel, or boat in which the fait fhall be fo found, until the faid fait fhall be unladen.	,	,

CLXVIII. And be it ena&ed, That all lamb-fkins, and Lamb (kins wool of lamb-fkins, may be feparately exported to Great and wool miy Britain, and no lamb-(kins, whether flink or flaughtered, jjf ^P01^ to from which the wool fhall not have been taken, fhall be e$-	*	*>r**ain.

ported from this kingdo/n to any place whatfoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof,

CLXIX. And be it ena&ed, That no raw and undrefled Raw feal Acini feal-fkins (hall be exempted from duty on the importation not exempted thereof, on account of their being taken by the crews of fro® d®/* veffels belonging to, or fitted out from this kingdom. Great Britain, Jerlcy, Guernfey, or Man, unlefs the captain or perfon having the charge or command of the fhip or vefTel liUporting fuch feal-fkins, do make oath before the col-le&or, or other principal officer at the port of importation, who is hereby required and authorized to admioifler the fame, that the feal-fkins imported therein, are really and bonafide the (kins of feals taken and caught by the crew, or by perfons employed by the mailer or owner of fuch fhip or veffel.

CLXX. And whereas frequent difputes do happen be- Merchants tween the merchants and officers of the cufloms, touching may fpill and concerning damaged wines, the fame depending for the merchantable moil part on the tafte thereof; and whereas fuch corrupt winc#* wines ate highly prejudicial both to his Majefly’s revenue and the health of his Majefly’s fubjedls of this kingdom: for the effe&ual preventing thereof, be it enabled, That in	*

cafe any merchant or other perfon fhall find his wine, or any fart thereof, in his judgment fo damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, as not to be Vorth the duties, in fuch cafe fuch merchant fhall have liberty immediately after landing the faid wines, to Have and fpill the fame, in the prcfence of fuch officer or officers as fhall be appointed for that purpofe by the commiffioncis of his Majefly’s excife, or any three . or more of them, or the colle&or or other chief officer of the port, where the faid wines fhall be imported, and that the merchant fo (laving and fpilling fhall be repaid the whole duty paid by him Tor the fame, without any delay, charge( fee or dedu&ion on any pretence whatfoever; and that in order to certify the quantity of wine fo deflroyed, the pro* per officer appointed for difchargc of the (hip importing the Vol.XI.	I	Sun*

Digitized by

Google

Allowance* to be paid for wines fpilled.

The tblrty-fevmth Tear of George III.

fame, (hall make an entry thereof at the foot of the mer . cbant*8 warrant.

CLXXI. And be it cna&ed, That OTer and above the duties repaid as aforefaid, the merchant or other perfon fhali, for every ton of wine fo deflroyed, if of the growth of Germany, or wines which pay duties as fuch, be allowed as a cotnpenfation for the freight and other charges, the fum of four pounds; and for every ton of wine of the growth of France fo deflroyed, the fum of forty (hillings; and for wines of the growth of Portugal, Spain, and elfcwhcre, the fum of fix pounds; and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity ; which allowances (hall without any delay be paid on a certificate of the fa id wines being fo fpilled, out of the duties payable to his Majefty, ar.d the proper officer or officers are hereby required to make out and fign fuch certificates, without fee or reward.

CLXXI I. Provided alfo, and be it t na&ed. That an^ thing herein contained, or to be done in execution thereof, (hall not extend, or be cortftrued to extend to diminiih or leflen the duties of prizage or hutlcrage of wines due upon the importation of the fame, but that the fame (hall be colle&ed and paid in the fame manner as if this a£t had never been made.

CLXXI 11. Provided alfo, and be it ensiled, That no allowance (hall be made for any fuch corrupt or decayed wine, unlefs fuch wine (hall be imported in cafks direllly from the country or place of the growth of fuch wine, or the ttfual place of its firft (hipping, but the fartoc (hall b< (laved, unlefs the full duty be paid for the fame.

CLXXIV. And be it cna&ed, That all goods, wares,

r_____________ and	merchandizes,	which	fhali	be	landed	out	of	any	(hip or

uVing roods off other velTel at the cuftom-houfe quay of the port of Dublin, Hu*f»	(hall	be taken away f om the faid quay by the rcfpe&ive

owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be .configned, at the re-fpe&ive times herein after mentioned, that is to fay, that every, cafk of fpirits, wines, and other liquors or liquids, (hill be taken and carried away from the (aid quay, within Ihe fpace of three days, commonly called working days, that is to fay, three days, not being Sundays or holidays, after the fame (hall have been fo landed ; and that every ca(k or other package of weighable or dry goods (hall be taken and carried from the faid quay within the fpace of fix working days after the fame (hall have been fo landed ; and if any perfon or perfons, (hall, contrary to the dire&ions herein contained, petmit or fufler his, her, or their fpirits, wines, liquors, or other liquids, to lie or remain on the (aid quay for any longer fpace of time than three working days

after

Nat to afTc A prizage or but • leragc.

No allowance for wine not fiom place of growth.

Timr* appointed for

The thirtyf eve nth Tear of George III*	131

after the fame (hall be fo landed on the faid quay, that then A. D.

every ca(k of fpirits, wines, liquors, and other liquids, (hall *797

be charged and chargeable with the penalty of two fhillinga Chap. 30.

for every fuch cafic of fpirits, wines, liquors, or other li-

quids, for every day the fame fhall remain after the faid

three working day:;; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall

permit or fuffer any of his, her, or their calks or packages

of weighablc or dry goods or merchandizes to remain on the

faid quay, for any longer fpacc of time than fix working days

after the fame (hall be fo landed on the faid quay, that thon

every calk or package of weighable or dry goods, (hall be

charged and chargeable with a penalty of two (hillings for

every fuch calk or package of weighable or dry goods for

every day fuch calk or package lhali fo remain on the (aid

quay after the faid fix working days

CLXXV. And be it enabled, That the furveyor or fur- Goadstobe veyors of the faid quay, arc hereby required to feize fuch lodged in (lores goods, wares and merchandizes, continuing on the faid quay, f°r charges, after the expiration of the faid working days hereby allowed, and lodge the fame, or a fufficient part thereof in his	,

Majefty’s (lores, as fecurity for the amount of fuch penalties ; and in cafe the owner or owners of fuch goods, wares and merchandize, (hall negleft to pay fuch penalties within the fpace of three months next after the fame fhall be fo feized, it (hall be lawful for fuch furveyor or furveyors to fell the fame by public au&ion, and to apply the money arising therefrom, to the payment of fuch penalties, and the colls and charges attending the fame, rendering back any overplus thereon to fuch owner or owners of fuch goods or merchandize.

CLXXV I. And be it ena&ed. That no goods or mer- 50i pCDalty chandize fhall be fold by au&ion on the faid quay, unlefs the for felling by fame fhall be fold by order of the commiflioners for payment *u&ion oa quay, of his Majefty’s duties; and in cafe any perfon or perfona (hall fell, or attempt to fell any goods, liquors, wares or merchandize by auction on the faid quay, fuch perfon or perfonsfo felling, or attempting to fell the fame by au£lion, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds fterling, for every time fuch perfon or perfons (hall fell, or attempt to fell goods by au&ion on the faid quay.

CLXXVII. Provided always, I hat it (hall be lawful for Damaged any perfon or perfons to fell or difpofe, by public cant, any goods maybe damaged goods, wares or merchandize which (hall be land- lokl in 6 days cd on the faid quay, provided the furveyor or furveyors of a*tcr the cuflom-houfe quay (hall report by writing under his or their hands, to his Majefty’s commiffioners, that fuch goods intended to be fold by auction, are really damaged, and provided that fuch damaged goods (hall be fo fold by I a	audon

A. D.

1796. Chap. 30.

None fhallply ac porters, but fuch as receive badges, penally

Jl-

Carmen tak-i (ic poods off vjaay, withfmt «_ ate-iutes, for-. lei: 40s. 6c c.

M.iftrrs fh.ill d.fchJTpe th ir

r^rpoL-s, ?rc. penalty jl.

The thirty-/event h Tear of George TIT.

au&ion within fix days after the fame (lull be landed, other-wife that perfons who {hill fell the fame fhall be liable to fuch penalty as aforefaid.

CLXXVIII. And whereas numbers of idle and difor-ddly perfons daily frequent the cuftom houfe quay of the port of Dublin, under pretence of plying and acting as porters on the fame, by which the property of individuals has in many inftances been purloined : be it ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon whatfoever to ply or aft as a porter oil the cuftom-houfe quay of the port of Dublin, or in the Itores of faid cuftom-houfe, until fuch perfon fhall be firfl approved of by the furveyors of the faid quay or (lores or any one of them, and receive in teflimony of fuch approbation a badge from the furveyor approving of fuch perfon, fignifyin ▼ fuch approbation ; which badge fhall be delivered to every fuch perfon without fee or reward ; and if any perfon fhall ply or aft as a porter on laid quay, or in faid itores, until badged and approved of as alorefaid, fuch perfon being thereof convifted before any magiflratc of the city of Dublin, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, and in default of payment of faid fum, he fhall be imprifoned for one month, without bail or main-prize.

CLXXIX. And be it enafted, That if any carman fhall take any goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the cuftom-houfe quay in the city of Dublin, without firfl obtaining from the proper officer a gate-note, permitting fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, to be taken away, fuch carman fhalL forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, together with the cart, car, or other draught, and the horfe or horfes drawing or carrying the fame, which cart, car, or other draught, and fuch horfe or horfes msy be feized for fuch offence by any officer of his M ijefly’s revenue ; and if any porter fhall carry any goods wares, or merchandizes from fuch quay, without firll obtaining fuch gate-note, fnch porter fhall forfeit the like fum of forty (hillings, and in default of payment of the refpeftive penalties by fuch carman or porter, fuch ca man or porter fhall be imprifoned for one month, without bail or mainprize.

CLXXX. And be it enafted, That the commiffioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, or fuch perfon as they or any three or more of them fhall empower for that purpofe, fhall appoint fuch place as they or be (lull think proper^ for every fhip or veflel arriving at the cuftqnv houfe-quay, in the port of Dublin, to difeharge the cargo' of fuch fhip or veflel, 3r.d that it fhall not be lawful for the mafter or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, to difeharge the cargo of fuch fhip or

veflel

6

The thirty fevent h Tear of George III.

veflel or any part thereof, at any other than the place fo to be appointed; and the matter or other perfon having the chatjre of fuch (hip or veflel offending herein, (hall forfeit the lum of fivh pounds for every fuch offence.

CL.XXXI. And whereas it'is necefiary that the commif-fioners of his Majelly’s revenue fhould purchafe lrvids and tenements for building light-houfes, watch-houfes and other ground for accommodations for the buflnefs of the revenue ; be it en- light houfe», adfed. That it fhall and may be lawful for all perfons, ho- ^c* dies politick and corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants by their guaidians, and the guardians and committees of lunaticks and idiots, feme coverts, with their buf-hands, by leafes or deeds indented and enrolled, to demifie for any term of years to his Majefty, or the commiflioners of the revenue for the time being, or any three or more of them (hall appoint, in trutt to and for the ufe of his JVla-jefly, and lands not exceeding one acre plantation meafure, with the tenements thereon, together with fuch road or pal-fage as may be neceflavy to fuch building, not exceeding twenty-one feet in bieadth, without fine or other confidcra-tion, fave only the yearly rent lefevved.

CLXXXII. Provided always, That if fuch land be any No more fhall pait of any fair-green, or market-place, or v ithin the pre- j?c demifed than cindts of any city, town corporate, botough, or manor, having a right to rtturn citizens or b urge fits to parliament, or of any quay, pier, or dock, or any part of any town, or village actually built upon, any part of a demefne, or of any lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe, or of any park or paddock for deer, not more of fuch land fhall be demifed than is abfolutely neceflary -for fuch light-houfes or watch-houfes to Hand or be credit'd on.

CLXXXI1I. Provided always, That no officer or offi- Perfons in cers, or other perfon or perfons refiding in or inhabiting li^hc houfes, fuch light-houfc or light-houfes, watch-houfe or watch-	Dwt

houfes, fhall have, acquire, or exercife any right of voting for members to ferve in parliament, for or by reafon of fuch inhabiting or refidcnce.

CLXXXIV. And in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall re- in cafe of re-fufe to demife fuch land or tenements as aforefaid, to the fuful to demife, laid commiflioners of the revenue, or to fuch perfon or per- .&c- juiy to he Tons as the faid commiflioners for the time being, or any ^^fldac * three or more of them fhall appoint, or in cafe any diflei-ence concerning the rent for fuch lands or tenements (hall arife, between the perfons iutcrefted therein^ and the faid commiflioners, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid; be it ena&ed, That the faid commif-iioners, or fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed as afore-faid, may apply to the juftices of tfUzc $t the next general •	4	atflzes

l33





DigitizedTyXjiTDO^lc

x34

A. D.

rw797' Qwp. 30.

»*efcrc

*flize».

I

TVrfcn* deemed retailer*, except a* herein.

The thirty feveuth Tear of George III.

aflize* to be holden for the refpe&ive counties where fuels grounds fhall refpeftively lie, or in cafe fuch grounds (hall lie in the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, then the faid commiflioneTs, or fuch perfons may 3pply to the chairman of the feflions of the peace, at the next general feflions or adjournment thereof, to be held in and for the'faid county, or county of the city of Dublin, and the juft ices at the faid afiizes, or chairman of the faid Tedious refpeftively, (hall upon fuch application, caufe a jury to be then and there impannelled by the (heriff of fuch county, and caufc fuch jury to be fworn well and truly to aifefs the value of fuch lands or tenements, and the rent to be given for''the fame to the refptftivc proprietors and occupiers thereof, according to their rcfptftivc interefts therein, and the refpe&ive parties (hall have their lawful challenges, and the faid jury being fo fworn, (hall, after evidence on oatb jjiven to them, by their verdift afeertain the rent to be paid *>r fuch lands or tenements to the refpe&ive proprietors and •'ccupieia thereof, according to their refpe&ive intereft$ therein ; and the faid jultices cr chairman (hall give judgment thereon, which verdict and judgment (hall be c .nclu-five, and finally bind all parties ; and after (uch yerdi& and judgment the faid commhTioners, or fuch perfon or perfonj as they or any three of them (hall appoint, (ha:l hold and enjoy fuch hinds or tenements for the life of his Majefly, during fuch term as the faid commiflioncrs (hall judge neccf-lary for the purpofes aforefaid, paying for the fame fuch yearly rent as (hall be adjudged in manner aforefaid, and all rents to be awarded by any jury for fuch lands or tenement*, (hall be duly paid by the collectors of the dillriftsin which the lands refpcclivtly lie,.to tire, pcifons entitled to receive the fame.

CLXXXV. Provided always, That notice in writing (hall be ferved upon the peifons intevefted in fuch lauds or tenements, or left at their lalt place of abode, thirty days at lead before the laid affixes or feflions of the ptace, or*ac^-journment thereof, fpecifying the lands and tenements intended to be valued, and that application will be made to the juft ices afore laid , or chairman aforefaid, as the cafe ir>3y be, to have fuch lauds and tenements valued as afoic-iaid, and that due proof be made at fuch affixes or feflions of the fervic'* of *ich notice.

('LXXXVI. And be it ennfted, That every perfon felling any kind of goods, wares or merchandizes, in any other package than .that in which the fame were imported into this kingdom, (hall be deemed and taken to be a retailer, cveept fuch pevfons as deal in and fell wine in quantities not lefs than one gallon, or nutmegs, mace, cloves or cinnamon, drugs, dying-fluffs, and the materials of manufacture.

The tblrty-fcventb Year of George IH.

ture, and perfons dealing in porter, who fell the fame in corked bottles, not lefs than four dozen of quart bottles at any one time, or in calks containing not lefs than ten gallons, and perfons dealing in cyder, who fell the fame in corked bottles, not lefs than two dozen of quart bottles at any one time.

CLXXXV1I. And in order to prevent frauds being committed by riot fending permits with excifeable goods, be it ena&ed, That all wines in calks, bottles, jars, or other vcflels, any quantity of brandy or other foreign fpirits, or of ftrong waters or fpirits made in this kingdom, exceeding four gallons, all tobacco or fnuff above the weight of four pounds, cofiee exceeding two pounds weight, mah exceeding fix ftones weight, fugar exceeding in weight fifty-fix pounds, filks in whole pieces, and Ealt-India goods imported into this kingdom, other than and except fiptceries of all forts, and except tea not exceeding the weight of two pounds, and all other excifeable goods whatsoever, that (hall be carrying or conveying, or carried and conveyed from the (lores, (nops or houfe, or out-houfe of any perfon, fave as herein after excepted, to the (lores, (hop, houfe, or out*houfe of auy other, (hall be liable to be leizcd by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, and (hall be deemed and taken to be run-gocids, and forfeited as fuch, Unlefs the carrier or perfon that conveys the fame, or the perfon in whofe poffeffion the fame (hall be, (hall aftuallv produce a permit or let-pals, given by the proper officer of the revenue, for the carnage of the faid goods, if demanded or required fo to do by any, of the faid officers.

GLXXXVIII. Provided always. That on oath made bv the carrier or perfon in whofe poffeffion fuch (hall be found, of the lofs oi fuph permit, and by the merchant, before the commiffioners or fub* commiffioners of exeffe, in their rcfjpe&ive diftrifts, that fuch permit was not taken out or made nfc of, to his knowledge or belief, fraudulently to cover or prote& any other goods, but was taken out for the particular goods fo feized, in fuch cafe, the entry from fuch permit iu the books of the proper officer, or a copy thereof, duly atteded, (hall be evMerice of fuch permit’s having been 'taken out, and fuch goods (hall thereupon be reftored to the owner or proprietor thereof.

CLXXXIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed^ That

(hall be lawful for importing pierchants, in ports^where tobacco may by law be imported, to give certificates for all fuch goods as they (hall fell* other than and except coffee, tobacco and fpirits* to perfons redding'within the fame port or place where they (hall have imported the fame, of'the kveral parcel* or quantities of goods which they (hall have {qkj, which certificate (hall have the fame force and effe&

” 1 % ’ " \

Wine, fpirtm, , flee. At, without permit*, may be ici*ed.

Goods reftcr-

ed on proof that permits were taken out.

Certificates of importing merchants (h ill have force as herein.

Rentiers to give notice to office i when they i urchafe ciofcablc goods.

Officers to

keep c ount of ftfck with re-' tailors.

AVhat fh^Il he

done* wh' ii ex*

cifcaMr o

u. f' n i11 by jitr-

iiiits to'rctuikrs

The thirty*fmcnth Tear of George III.

to proteft fuch goods within fuch port or place, as permits have in rcfpedl to goods conveying or conveyed from one place to another.

CXC. And be it ena&ed, That every retailer, or perfoa dealing in excifeable goods, an often as he or (he (hall pur-chafe fuch goods from any importer thereof, (hall, on their arrival at the place of their deftination, or within twenty-four hours after, give notice thereof in writing to the proper officer, who is hereby required to repair immediately thither, and examine f.ud goods, with the mercliant’s endorfement on the back of the retailer’s certificate, and if they (hall agree, the officer (hall take fuch goods into his general (lock, and fuch retailer (hall be entitled to credit for the fame, as goods legally imported ; and in cafe any retailer or dealer in excifeable goods (hall negle& or refuft to give fuch officer fuch notice, or (hall refufe to produce his certificate, as often as he (hall be required by fuch officer fo to do, in every fuch cafe the goods and the cafks, or packages containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and fuch retailer (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

CXCI. And be it enabled, That fuch officer (hall take

(lock on all retailers of excifeable goods, and (hall keep a true and full account thereof in a book, and on every vifit, he is hereby required to give fuch retailer an exatl copy of the (lock fo by him taken, and to enter the fame in a certificate book to be kept by fuch retailer ; and in all cafes where a permit (hall be nectffary for the fubfequent removal of any {roods, the retailer (hall produce to the permitting officer his certificate book, and oppofite to the officer’s account of (lock, the retailer (hall enter the quantity and quality of the goods to be permitted, to whom and where fent, and the lame (hall be figned by fuch retailer or his known clerk, and if it lhall appear that any fraud was committed, to the prejudice of his Majefty’s revenue, by fueh retailer, or his clerk, fuch retailer '(hall be accountable for the fame as his own adl, and every fuch retailer (hall, at the expiration of his licenfe, deliver up his (lock, and permit-certificate book to the proper officer appointed to keep fl< k, on him, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit the fum oi o e hundred pounds.

t.XCII. And be it enabled, That as often as any ex-cifeahle goods (hall be conveyed to any retailer, by viitue of a iy permit, the officer of excife (hall enter all fuch gt ods in the certificate book kept by luch,retailer, and thc.permit or ctr :1k .u from which fuch entry (hall have been made, (hall he fa!k. 1 in the faid certificate-book, by the retailer, and (hall fo i ain fattened until the whole of the quantity contained in fuch permit or ccrtincatc (hall be difpofed of; and

no

The thirty fevenlh Tear of George TIL

no officer of the revenue {hall grant any perkiit on the credit of fuch certificate-book, unkfs it {hall appear by the permits or certificates annexed thereto, that the perfon applying for fuch permit is entitled to credit for the quantity of goods for which he or fhe requires fuch peimit, ^nor unlefs fuch perfon make oath that the goods for which he or {he requires fuch permit, arc part of the fame goods mentioned in the permit or certificate faflened to the lard book, and by virtue of which fuch goods were taken into (lock.

CXCI1I. Hnd be it enabled, That eveiy retailer (hall Old certificate within ten days after the thirty-fiill day of December m books to be * every year, deliver to the officer of the walk, in which he or	^

(he refides, the faid certificate-book, with all the permits and certificates fo faftened thereto as aforefaid, and fuch officer (hall thereupon give to fuch retainer, a certificate foT fuch of his flock mentioned in the faid certificate-book, as -fhall then remain on hands, and (hall enter the fame in a new certificate-hook, to be kept in manner aforefaid ; and if any retailer fhall negkdl to deliver to fuch officer his certificate-book, he or fht fhall, for every fuch neglcft, forfeit the film of five pounds, and no permit fhall be granted to convey any goods from any retailer, after the time he or (lie is hereby required to deliver to the officer the faid certificate-book, with the permits or certificates faflened thereto, unlefs his certificate-book fhall have been delivered to fuch officer.

CXCIV. And be it enafted, That no entry of any officer Officers enny fhall be fufficient to protect any excifeable goods from n*t fufticicnt leisure, unlefs the permit for carrying fuch goods to fuch P1*01^100 with-retailer, or the certificate under which he received fuch out goods, fhall remain faflened to fuch certificate-book.

CXCV. And be it ena&ed, That no officer of his Ma- Price of per-jefly’s revenue fhall demand or receive any fee or reward for mits. any permit, other than the feveral fees and rates herein after mentioned, that is to fay, for any permit for any goods under the value of five pounds, one penny ; and for every permit for any goods of the value of five pounds and upwards, three pence.

CXCVI, And be it enabled. That if auy perfon or per- Pcrfomwh® fo ns fhall at any time counterfeit, or forge any permit, let-pafs or confl-cocktt, for the carriage of goods, in cafes where tnmfponcd ft* by law permits, let pafles or coafl-cockets are required, or fhall y years, counterfeit any impreffion, flamp, pr mark, provided or appointed, or to be provided or appointed by the commiffioners of bis Iviajefly’s excife or cufloms, for the time being, or any three or more of them, tQ be put to or upon fuch permit, Jet-pafs or coafl-cocket, or {hall make ufe of any fuch Counterfeit or forged permit or coafl-cocket, with fuch counterfeit impreffion, flamp, or mark, knowing the fame to be

counterfeited.

The thirty fcventb Year of George 111.

counterfeited, fuch perfon or perfons, being thereof legally convicted, fhall be adjudged guilty of fekwy, and^ fhall be tranfported for the fpace of feven years.

CXCVII, And be it ena&ed, That all permits or lct-How pennits pafles (hall be wrote, damped pr printed in plain legible cha-ftatl be written, racers, and (hall contain fqch particulars as (hall from time to time be directed by the commiffioners of ttyc revenue, or any thre* of them, and alfo the feveral following particulars, that is to (ay, the date, the number and the diftridt tram whence iflued, and the place to which the fame is intended to be carried, and (hall particularly exprefs the marks, weight, package and quantity of goods intended to \jc conveyed under fuch permit, as exa&ly as the cafe will admit of, and (hall like wife contain the real names, and fur-names, and place of abode, of the perfon or perfons fending fuch goods and commodities, and of the perfon or perfons to whom intended to be fent; and in cafe any fi&itiotis name or names (hall be inferted in any fuch permit or permits, the goods mentioned therein fhall be forfeited; and at t^e foot of every permit (hall likewife be mentioned, fome rea-fonable limited time for fuch permit to be of force, for the conveyance of fuch goods from one place to another, and after the expiration of fuch limited time, the {aid permit or let-pa:s, (hall not be of force, for prote&ing or conveying the goods and commodities which (ball be mentioned thereir* from being fuzed by any officer of his -Majefty’s revenue, and forfeited as goods clandestinely run or imported, or fraudulently nude, manufa&ur^d or didillcd; and every permit, in which there (hall be any erafyre, interlineation or alteration, (hall be null and void.

Tn tafrs of CXCVII 1. Provided always, That if the carriage of fuch sgcHi-nt *n- goods and commodities lhall be prevented from being fully dorfements may performed within the time limited in fufh permit, by any tTns^herein*" unavo,dable accident, then, on notice being immediately given hy ^ o^vner or earlier of'fuch goods and commodities tq acy officer of the revenue, and a red or (lav being made of fuch goods or commodities, or near the place where fuch accident fhall happen, the officer of the revenue, to whoiu iuch notice (hall be given, fhall, without delay, repair to the place where fuch gqods and commodities (hall then be, «md if fuch officer (hall find upon yiew or enquiry, fuel* goods or commodities were (topped or delayed in their carriage by fuch accident, then fuch officer (hafi by endorfement on fuch permit, enlarge the time for the carriage of fuch^ goods, to the place of their firflE deitination ; and if any officer of the revenue (hall wilfully or negligently omit, or refufe to do his duty herein, according to the dire&iont aferefaiu, fuch officer fhall, on proof being made thereof, to

The ihirty-fcventl Tear vf George III.

fatisfa&ion of the chief commiffipners of his Maiefty’a xevenue, or any three or more of them, forfeit the fum of 10I.

CXCIX. Provided alfof and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where the carriage of fuch goods and commodities, fhall, by means of any accident, be prevented from being performed within the time limited by the permit, and that fully proved to die fatisfa&ion of tl\e chief commiffioners and fub-comnufiioners of excife in their refpe&ive diftri&s, the permit lhall continue, and be in force, for the carriage qf the goods and commodities to the place of their deftina-tjon, for fuch time only, and no longer, as wax loll or de-laved by fuch Occident.

CC. And be it ena£led, That no permit (hall fie granted for conveying tobacco, brandy, or other foreign fpirits or wine in hogmeada to any greater diflance than fqch reafon-able diflance at which a proper officer for granting permits (hall refide, fuch diltance to be inferted in iuch permit, and If it (hall be neceffary to have fuch goods carried farther, it lhall be lawful for .the perfon having charge of fuch goods tQ demand a renewal of fuch permit, or a new permit, from the proper officer of excife of die diftritl to which the firft permit was dire&ed, 2$ he lhall think fit, which renewal or new permit fuch officer 1*3 hcreb, required to giant, if the tpne of fuch permits being in force be not expired, upon the owper or other perfon having cl^arge of fuch goods, producing the orignal permit to fuch officer, and making oath that the goods lo produced are the identical goods for which the faid original permit was produced, if required by the officer fo ter do, and in cafe fuch goods (hall not be intended for the place the fecond permit (hall be directed to? the perfon having charge of fuch goods lhall be entitled to a> renewal or new p.ermit, for the carriage thereof, upon .performing the lequi-fites herein before direded, and fo in like manner, the perfon having charge of fuch goods lhall be entitled to renewals or new permits for the lame, without any fee or reward-* CCL And whereas perfons importing excifcablc goods, Of purchafing fuch goods from merchants importers, obtain permits for the quantities fo imported or purohafed, and under cover of fuch permits do fend out fmugglcd goods: for remedy wheieof, be it e?iaded, That all goods mentioned in fuch permits xs lhall or may be granted to any perfon or perfons for the carriage of any excifcablc goods, lhall be con-fidcred and taken Into the account of goods for which fuch perfon is entitled to have* credit as goods legally imported, and that ajsy furplus or exceeding which lhall be found in the cullody or poiTellion of any paion or perfons, and for which fuch perfon or perfons cannot produce a permit or certificate of entry, fhall be deemed and taken to have been run, and (half be forfeited as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and viiroofcs, as If fuch goods had been usually run.

' CCII. And

U9 A. D.

*797-Quip. 30.

----------

On proof of accidents permit* in force for time toil.

Permit^ for

tobacco, Sec.

regulated as herein.

Surplus of good* fur whkfc a permit, not produced Utah' be forfeited.

Digitized by

Google

Mo

A. *D;

1797 -

Chap. 30.

Permit* to be lodged with officer* as herein*

Good* may be feized if certificate* not proceed*

Perferts applying fpr permits ior fpirits (hall mention particular*, as herein.

The thirty-fevtfitb Year 0/ George III.

COIL And be it ena&ed, That in cafes where by lnw . permits for the conveying of goods are required, and fuch permit (hall be iffued or taken out, the perfon to whom fuch goods or commodities (hall be fent, fhall, within twenty-four hours, or in cafe a Sunday, Chriftmas-day, or Good Friday, fhall intervene, in forty-eight hours after the arrival of fuch goods and commodities, at the place to which they fhall have been fent, or after the expiration of the time limited in fuch permit, repair to the proper office for granting permit*, where an office for that purpofe fhall be eflablifhed, to the colle&or, furveyor, or other officer of excife, at fuch place with fuch permit, and lodge the fame with him; and fuch colleSor, furveyor, or other officer of eycife, fhall thereupon carefully examine fuch goods and commodities, and fhall, without fee or reward, upon affidavit made by the perfon to whom fuch goods fhall be fent (which affidavit fuch officer may adminifler) that the goods mentioned in the permit were really and truly brought from the place mentioned in fuch permit, give to the perfon bringing fuch permit, a certificate figned by fuch officer, that the faid permit wa*s lodged with him, which certificate fhall contain in the body thereof, a copy of fuch permit, without erafure or interlineation, and the day of granting fuch certificate, and fuch certificate (hall proteft the faid goods and commodities, fa long as the fame fhall continue of force.

CC1II. And be it tnafted, That if any goods or commodities fhall be found in the pofleflion of any perfon or perfons for the fpace of twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hours, refpe&ively, after the arrival of fuch goods and commodities, and after the expiration of the time limited in the permit, in which the goods and commodities were carried and,conveyed to the plact to which they fhall have been fent, unlefs fuch perfirti or perfons fhall have obtained, and fhall produce fuch certificate as is herein before dire&ed in the fcveral cafes aforefaid, the fame fhall be forfeited, and may be feized.

CC1V. And be it enafted, That every perfon applying for a permit, for conveying any fpirits or llrong waters, more than four gallons, fhall give an account in writing ta the officer who is to grant fuch permit, of the number of cafks or vfcfTels in which fuch fpirits or flrong waters are to be contained, together with the quantity of fpirits or ftrong waters to be contained in each cafk or veiTel, and fuch officer fhall, upon granting fuch permits, give therewith a ticket for every cafk or vefTel contained in fuch permit, (lamped with fuch (lamp or mark as the chief t^pruniffioners of excife, or any three of them fhall diredl, and the tickets fo to be given to each perfon fo applying, fhall be numbered in arithmetical progreflion, beginning with the number ortet and (hall contain the number and date of the permit, the

perfon’t

Digitized by *^.ooQle

r

The thirty-/event h Tear of George I IT.

feerfon’s name to whom granted, and the name of the per-lon to whom, and the place to which the calk correfpond-ing with the number of the faid ticket is to be fent, the number of gallons of fpirits contained in fuch calks or veflcls, and the time fuch permit is to remain in force, with-the initial letters of the officer’s name who lhall give the fame fubfcribed thereto, and that the perfon receiving fuch ticket or tickets, before the removal of fuch aqua vitx fpirits, or llrong waters, for which fuch permit was granted,

(hall affix or fallen one of the faid tickets, with pafte or other glutinous fubftance, on each calk or velTel, which ticket mall correfpond with the number and contents of the calk or veffel to which it lhall be fo affixed, and fuch ticket (hall be kept affixed thereunto.

CCV. And be it enacted, That if any perfon conveying fpirits or fb*ong waters in any velTel containing more than four yeY,ng without gallons, lhall not upon demand made by any officer of excife, {HzTd%rhcre-produce a proper permit then in force, and fiifficient to in. * protect and warrant the conveyance of fuch fpirits or llrong waters, the faid fpirits and the velfels containing the fame, lhall be feized and forfeited, together with the cart, car, or other carriage, and the horfe and horfes drawing or carrying the fame, and the porter or carman conveying the fame * (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, and, in default of payment thereof lhall fuffer three month imprifonment.

CCVI. And be it enabled, That no permit or certificate No permit, lhall be in force, or lhall proteft or cover any goods or *c*to he in commodities for any longer time than for three months after	tiaa

fuch permit or certificate lhall be fo granted, and that before the end or expiration of fuch time, the proper officer lhall, upon application made to him for thtit purpofe, grant a new certificate for fuch goods or commodities, or for fo much thereof as lhall appear to fuch officer, upon examination thereof, to be on hand and undifpofed of, without fee or reward, and at the time of fuch new certificate being granted, the old one lhall be delivered up to the officer granting the fame, and if any fuch goods or commodities (hall be found without fuch certificate, the fame lhall be forfeited and may be feized.

CCVII. And whereas perfons importing goods into this kingdom, frequently grant certificates of their having fold quantities thereof, when in fa& no fuch goods have been fold, and the perfons to whom fuch certificates are granted, procure them for the purpofe of obtaining permits in order to cover fmuggled goods: for remedy whereof, be it ena£l-cd. That if any perfon lhall grant a certificate of having fold goods to any perfon or perfons, unkfs the goods in good's not fuch certificate mentioned lhall have been adlually fold and actually fold delivered to the perfon or perfons named therein, in every by them, lhall fuch cafe, the perfon- or perfons granting the feme, lhall forfeit xool.

forfeit

Spirits con-

♦

*4*

Good* mentioned in permits granted under fuch certificates ih^li be fox fated, &c.

Officer* granting or renewing permits may examine upen oath.

VTben excife-aWe goods arc feized, proof of psymept of duties all lie on owners.

No fpirits, Src. (ball be returned to the port front whence removed, without a fpeeial eertifi-

Tfje thirty-/eventh Tear of George III.

forfeit one hundred pounds for every fuch offence, and ©« the trial of any information for the aforefaid penalty, the proofs that the goods mentioned in fuch certificate Tere actually fold and delivered to the perfon or perfons thereto named, (hall lie on the perfon or perfons granting the fame-

CCVI1I. And be it enabled, That all fuch goods mentioned in fuch pcrmiis, as (hall or may be gi anted pur-fuant to fuch certificates, to any perfon or perfons for the carriage of any cxcifeabie goods (hall be forfeited, notwitL-ftandiug fuch permit, unltfs fuch goods (hall have been really-and Iona fide bought from the perfon granting fuch certificate, and the quantity of goods contained in fuch certificate (hall be dedu&cd from the credit of the perfon or per-foi.s granting fuch ccrtrfic te, and all furplus or exceeding above fuch credit which (hall be found in the cufiody or poffeffion of fuch perfons fo granting fuch certificate, fhail *4>e deemed to have Veen run, and (hall be forfeited as if fuch goods had been actually run.

CCIX. And be it enacted, That it (hall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, granting or renewing a permit or certificate, to examine upon oath, which oath be is hereby authorized to adrnimftcr, any perfon or perfons applying for fuch permit or certificate, whether the duty was a&ually paid for the goods for which fuch permit or certificate (hall be fo demanded, and as to the identity of fuch goods, and to all fuch other matters as fhall appear to fuch officer or officers neceffary to fatisfy him or them, that the duties payable on fuch goods had been duly paid.

CCX. And whereas it frequently happens, that permit* aud certificates a*c obtained fraudulently in order to cover excifeable goods imported into this kingdom, without paying the duties due and payable theieon, for remedy whereof, be it enadled, That it any fuch goods (hall be feized for non-payment cf duties, in fuch cafe the p:x>of of the payment of the duties on the legal importation, or of the legal compofition, or fale, or condemnation, or of the place from which fuch goods were bought, (as the cafe may happen) (hall lie on the owner or daimer of fuch goods, and not oa the officer who (hall feize or (lop fuch goods, notwitbiland-ing Jthat a permit (hall be produced when fuch goods are conveying from one p~rt of this kingdom to another, or that a permit or certificate {hall be produced after the arrival of fuch goods to the place of their dedication.

CCXL And be it enafted, That no fpiiits, wines, ten, coffee, china, or muffin, which (hall hare been removed from the port or place of importation, or from any othe* port or place in this kingdom to any other port or place irv the fame, (hall be again returned or fent back to fuch port

The thirty-fervent b Tear of George III.

w place from whence the fame was or were before removed upon any pretence whatfoever, without leave being firft obtained for that purpofe, from the commiflioners ot liis Ma-jefty’s revenue, or any one or more of them, and For which a fpccial certificate (hall be granted to accompany the fame, in fuch manner and form as the faid commiflioners refpec-tively (hall think proper, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the horles, cattle, carriages, (hips, veflels, or boats, made ufe of in removing the fame.

CCX1I. And be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where any permit for the conveyance of any fpirits or other goods to any perfon (hall be granted, and the quantity of fuch fpirih or other goods expreffed in the permit (hall be lefs than the quantity really fent therewith, all contraCb, promifes, af-iumptions, bills, notes or other fecurities, where any part of the confideration thereof (hall be for the value or price of a greater quantity of fuch fpirits or other goods than that ex-prefled in the permit, (hall, as to fuch greater quantity be null and void, and no a&ion or fiat (hall be maintainable in any court of law or equity for the recovery of the value or price of any greater quantity of fuch fpirits or other goods than (hall he exjprefled in the permit for conveying the fame, and if the perion or perfocs chargeable with the value or price of fuch fpirits or other goods (hall have paid ready money for the fame, or the perfon or perfons felling the (ame, (hall otherwise have been paid or fatisfied for the value or price thereof, it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons who (hall have fo paid or fatisfied fuch value or price to recover from the feller of fuch fpirits or other goods the amount of the value or price of fo much of fuch fpirits or other goods as (hall exceed the quantity mentioned in the permit for conveying the fame, to be fued for and recovered by civil bill tn a court of proper jurifdi&ion, and in all cafes fuch peimits or any certificate granted by any officer of the revenue in lieu thereof, (hall be evidence of the quantity-mentioned in fuch permit.

CCXIII. And for the better colieAing of the duties on licenfes to perfons manufacturing candles or foap for falc, to perfons felling or manufacturing paper-hangings for fale, to perions felling tea or groceries, to perfons felling or making gold or filver plate for fale, to perfons keeping a tan-yard or tan-pit, or tanning leather for fale, to faCtors or perfons not being diltillcrs, or licenfed as retailers felling nome-made fpirits, to perfons keeping coffee-houfes, to pc» foils felling by auCtion, to perfons making glafs bottles, and other veffels and utenfils made of common bottle metal, to perfons dreffing hides and (kins in oil, and to perfons making vellum and parchment, be it ena&ed, That the

feveral

*43

cate from com* miflioncra.

Where good# fern by permit# (hall exceed quantities men-. tinned, comr#&? for overplus (hall be void, &c.

Digitized by Google

M4

The thirty fevenlh Year of George III.

.A. D. fevrral colledors in this kingdom, refpedively, (hall upon re-1797*	ceipt oF the duty payable upon any fuch liccnfe, grant fucb

Chap. 30. licenfe under their refpedive hands, for each of which licenfca

-------—J there (hall be taken by fuch colledors, for their own ufe, a

ColIc»Sfcor» to fee after the rate of one (hilling in the pound of the duty' grant licenfes on payable on fuch licenfe, aad no more, over and above the duty* Payable thereon.

pound.	CCXIV.	And	be it enaded, That every fuch perfon as

ool penalty aforefaid, (hall take out fuch refpedive licenfes, before he for felling or 0r (he, or they (hall refpedively mam ^idure, fell, or keep v^oufuccnfc. ^or^c» *s aforefaid, or expofe to foie, any of the faid re* fpedive articles and things; and if any perfon (hall make, fell, or keep for fale, any of the faid refpedive articles or things, without having taken out fuch licenfe, refpedively, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Partners not CCXV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That per-to take out more fons in partnerfhip, and carrying on tAde or bufinefs in one than one hcenfe. houfc or only, (hall not be obliged to take out more than one licenfe, and that no one licenfe which (hall be granted by virtue of this ad, (hall authorize any perfon or per fons to whom the fame (hall be granted, to make, manu-fadure, or fell, or keep for fale, any of the articles or things herein before mentioned, in any other houfe or place than the houfe or place, wherein he, (he, or they refpedively did make or manufadure, or fell or keep the faid refpedive articles or things, at the time of granting fuch licenfe, to be mentioned in fuch licenfe.	•

CCXVI. And be it enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the colledors of his Majcfty’s Excife, in their refpedive diftrids, to grant licenfes for felling and tapping out of cy-jr27s.TdrCand* derby reta^» uPon receipt of the duty payable thereon, and duty. *	that for every fuch licenfe, the fum of one (hilling and otae

penny, and no more, (hall be paid or demanded as a fee for the fame, over and above the duty payable thereon; and if any perfon (hall fell or tap out cyder by retail without fucb licenfe, every perfon fo offending, (hall for every offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds.

Perfons who	CCXVII. And be it enaded, That every perfon required

take out liceufes	take out a licenfe to manufadure*, make, fell, or retail

•amcs,Cic.eir	any	articles, matters, or things aforefaid, (hall have

pa nted and	or caufc to be painted on aboard, with letters publickly vifi-

«tiued as herein, hie and legible, at leaft an inch long, in a white upon a black ground, or in black upon white ground, his, her, or their name or fur-name, refpedively, at full length, as alfo the names of the feveral articles which they (hall be fo licenfed to manufadure, fell, or retail, refpettitely, and that he» fhe, or they, arc licrafcd refpedively to manufadure, fell

or

Colleton to grant licenfes for retailing

___________________'________________________________________________________________________________

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-frventh Tear of George III.

or retail the fame; which board (hall be affixed on fome con* fpicuous plac'&on the outfide of the front of his, her, or their houfe, refpeftively, not more than three feet diftant from the top of the (hop-door, or ftreet-door of fuch ho life, and fuch perfon or perfons, refpeftively, (hall preferve and keep up the fame during the time he, (he, or they (hall refpeftively continue to make or fell fuch articles, qr any of them as aforefaid, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit rcfpcc-tively the fum of ten pounds.

CCXVIII* And be it enafted, That the feveral rates and duties payable by the feveral perfon* who are required to *^1* by perfoos take out licenfe as aforefaid, (hall be colle&ed by the feveral pcC^f^.C°Ut colleftors and other officers of excifc employed for that pitr-pofe, and fuch officer* may at any time, with the affiftance of a con/labie in the day-time, levy fuch fum or Aims as ought to be paid by the feveral perfons fubjeft to fuch licenfes, refpeftively, by diftreft and fade of the parties* goods, in fuch manner, and by fuch yvays as the revenue anting by hearth-money, is appointed to be levied and colled!ed in and by an aft made in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the Second, entitled.

An additional aft for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arming by Hcarth-mouey.	'

CCXlX. And be it enafted. That if any perfon (hall	^

forge or c itinterfeit, or caufe to be forged or counterfeited, for forging a any licenlc for any of the purpofes aforefaid, or produce as a licenfe. true licenfe, any fuch forged or counte^eited licenfe, knowing the lame to be forged or counterfeited, fuch perfon (hall forfeit die fum of fifty pounds; one moiety thereof to his Ma-jefty, and the other to him who (hall profecute or (uc for the dune, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, in wfcich no enoign, proteftion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hali be allowed; and that fuch perfon (hall be fubjeft to fuch other pain3 and penalties as may be infiifted on perfons for forgery.

CCXX. And for the better.collecting of the duties on Perfons who coaches, chariots, berlins, calafhes, and chaifcs, be it (hall have csr-enafted, That every perfon who (hall have have or keep any rj*gcs charge* coach, chariot, beriin, cala(h, or chaife with four wheels, or jjjj chaife with two w'heels, chargeable with duty to his Jdajefty, herein, his heirs.and fucceflbrs, (hall within fourteen days after he or (he (liali have or keep any fuch coach, chariot, beriin, calafh, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife with two wheels, by writing under his or her bard, certify to the collcftor of excife, in the diilricf whrn in he or (he (had rctide, a true account of every fuch	chariot,	heri	n,	ralafh, or

chaife with four wheel?* and ehiiifc with two wbeelj, which Vor,. XL	K	he

Duties pay-

i

U€

A. D.

1797-Chap. 30.

The tbirty-fevcnlh Year of George III.

he’ or (he (hall have or keep, with the name of the place and pari(h of his or her refidence or abode at the time of giving fuch certificate, and (hall likewife within thenime afore fa id, certify to the examinator of hearth-money in Dublin, the like particulars, which he or (he is hereby required to certify to fuch colleftor, and likewife mention in fuch certificate to the examinator of hearth-money, the name and dif-trift of the collector to whom he or (he hath fo certified ; and the feveral colleftors of fuch diftrifts, for the time being, (hall refpeftively keep the certificate which (hall be fo given, and (hall alfo enter or regifter in an alphabetical book* to be by them refpeftively kept for that purpofe, and a copy of fuch entry figned by fuch colleftor or hij clerk, (hall be delivered, if required, without fee or reward, to the perfon delivering fuch certificate, and a number (hall be entered on every certificate fo regiftered, and the examinator of hearth-money (hall on demand, without fee or reward, give an acknowledgment under his hand, to every perfon who (hall certify any carriage or carriages to him, that fuch carriage or carriages hath or have been certified, which certificate (hall be evidence of fuch carriage or carriages having been certified,and the examinator (hall once in every three months, tranfmit to each colleftor, a lilt of all perfons refiding in fuch colleftor’s diftrift, who (hall have certified their carriages to him, within the faid three months, which lift (hall be preferved by fuch coll eft ors; and every perfon who (hall have paid the duties on fuch carriages, may refort to fuch lift, and the fame fmill be evidence on any information on this aft, that fuch perfon hath duly certified his or her carriage to the faid examinator; and fuch colleftors refpeftively (hall, under their hands, on or b/fore the twenty-fifth day of Match, give a true lift of aH coaches, chariots, berlins, ca-lafhes and chaifes, with four wheels, and chaifes with two wheels, from time to time returned to them refpc6ivdy in fuch certificates, with the names of the perfons and places of their abode refpeftively, mentioned in luch certificates to the colleftors of his Majefty's revenue on fire-hearths, who (hall have full power and authority to levy, colleft and receive the fame, in the fame manner as the revenue arifirig from fire-hearths is now by law levied, collefted and received, and (hall refpeftively fign and deliver acquittances without fee or reward for the fame, and (hall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpofe, in the fame manner as acquittances are given and kept for the duty on fire-hearths, and (hall refpeftively return the book containing the duplicates of fuch acquittances to fuch perfon and perfons, at the fame time, and to be difpofed of in the fame manner as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the duty

da

The thirtyftyentb Tear of George III*	J4)

•n fire-hearths are returned, and that the aforefaid dutfea A* H fhall be paid in the refpeftive dift rifts, wherein filch carriages 1797*

(hall be fo entered or regiftered refpectivcly, and in no Chap. 30. other.	%

CCXXI. And be it enafted, That every coach-maker, or , Coach mi* 6ther perfon making carriages for falein this kingdom, fhall t4.*.i°aors within ten days after he or (he (hall fell and deliver any coach, within todays^ chariot, beilin, cahfh, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife what ca. r»g€» with two wheels, certify to the colleftor of cxcife in the dill rift where fuch coach-maker (hall refide, the kind of “*7^^ carriage he or (he hath fo fold, and whether with four ot two wheels, and the name of the' perfon to whom he or (h« has fold the fame, together with the place of refidence of fuch perfon, aud that if any perfon or perfons (hall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, cala(h, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife with two wheels, chargeable with the fakl duties or any of them, which (hall not be certified by him or them, in any manner as aforefaid, that then and in fuch cafe, every fuch perfon and perfons, fo having or keeping fuch coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife with four wheds, or chaife with two wheels, not certified as aforefaid, or if any coach maker, or perfon making carriages for fale,

(hall omit to give fuch certificate as atorefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons, coach-maker or other perfon making car* riagesfor file, (hall for every fuch negleft, forfeit refpeftive-.ly, the fum of twenty pounds, which penalties refpeftivcly* may be recovered by information, in the excife-office of the diftrift of Dublin, or of the diftrift in which fuch perfon (hall dwell at the option of the informer or perfon profe-cuting fnch information.

CCXX11. Provided always, That nothing herein con- Not to affeft tained, fnall fubjeft any perfon to any penalty, for not ccr- perfons who tifying his or her carriage or carriages, in purfuar.ee of this	IC~

aft, who hath already certified fuch carriage or carriages, in farces. ^ purfuance of any former aft, requiring fuch carriages to b6 regiftered, in manner herein preferibed.

CCXXI1I. Provided neverthelefs. That every perfon Perfon* h?v-having in his, her, or their keeping or pofTcfiion, any coach, in(? carriagei of chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife	be

with two wheels, belonging to another, and chargeable with chargeable with duty, (hall be charged for every fuch coach, chariot, berlin, duty, calafh, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife with two wheds, with the duty payable for the fame, in the fame manner as the owner or proprietor thereof, is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame.

CCXX1V. And be it enafted, That if any perfon fubjeft to any duty to bis Majefty, in refpeft of any coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife, in his or her poficf&ou, (hall K 2	not

Digitized by

Google

Perforra herein exempt from chaife duty.

What deem* fd a cabriolet, &c.

None deemed hackney carriages unlefi Jiccnfed.

Tie Mttjjevfath Year of George 111.

ftot Within one month ifter notice in writing, in the name of One officer empowered to collefl fuch duties being given to filch perfon, or left At the uTual place of abode of fuch perfon, with his wife, or with his or her child or ferVant, above

Sc age of fikteen years, requiring him or her to pay fuch ity, pay the feme to fuch officer, every fuch petfon for every fufch neglect, (ball forfeit twenty pounds, provided that at leaf! ftten days before the time fuch notice ft)all have been fo given or kft, fuch officer (hall have demanded filch, duties frodi the petfon fubje& to pay the flame, or from hid wife; or fctii or her child or fervant, above the age of fifteen years* at the place of abode of the pCrfon fubje& to pay the fame.

CCXXV. Provided always, That no perfon who (hall keep and certify to the collector of excifc, and exattniftatot* of hearth-money, in manner afofcfzdd, Any coach, chariot, berHir, cakfh, or chaife with four wheels, fhkU be charged with the duty payable to his Majefty, upfon chaifes with two wheels, nor (halt any fuch peifon be obliged to make any entry of any chaife with two wheels* ,

CCXXVt*. And be it enacted. That no carnage, whether with four wheels, or with two wheels, (hall be deemed a cabriolet or garden chair, or be exempted from any duty an fuch, in calc the fame fhall be ufed by any perfon not paying duty for one or more carnage or carriage* with four wheels, or in cafe the fame (hall be ufed upon any public or high road, at the diflancc of more than three miles from the boefe or demefae of the perfon to whom the fame belongs, unlefs for the purpofe of fending fuch carriage home to the proprietor thereof, when it fhall have been firft pUrchafed, or for the purpofe of fending the fame to be repaired, or returning from being repaired, and that no Carriage be deemed a Cabriolet, or garden-chair, within the meaning of this aft, if any of the wheels thereof fhall be of a diameter exceeding four feet.

CCXXVllL And be it enafted, That no carriage fhall be deemed a hackney carriage, or carriage kept for hire, or be exempted as fuch, from any duty payable to his Majefty* unlefi fuch carriage fhall be licenfed, in purfuanCe of an aCh pa(Ted in the twenty-fcvetith year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aa for the better regulation of hackney carriages, had* ney fedans, and porteri plying for hire in the city of Dublin^ or within /even miles thereof, and for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties from the governors of the Founding Hof pit aland WorJc-Hoife in the faid city% to the commtjjtoners if police, or unlefs the perfon keeping the fame, fhall take out a licenfe for that purpofe, from the colle&or of the diftrifk in which he or (he fhall rcllde, for which he or (he fhall pay

the

Tbe j.lrtffivcntb Tear of George Qt



each door of fuch carriage, h\ words at length* la white or ^ black letters* not lefs than one inch long, ami if any perfon jfrall k^p any fuch coach or chaife, without having taken out fuch liccnfr as aforefaid* or without having his or her mame, or furname, and place of abode, painted on the oun * fide of the jftnnel of each door of fuch carriage in manner aforefaid, he, or (he, fra)! be fubjeft to the duties payable on coaches and ebaifes not kept for hire, nc^withttaoding fuch coaches or chaifes may have been ufed for hwe

CJCXXVm. An^ be it enabled, That twewr owner of Owners af apy coach, chariot* berlin, caJafr, or chfttfe, uiuatty let to job carriage* •hire as a job-o i ige, /ball certify under his or -her Itemd, to *° certify as the examinator of hearth-money m Defoia, the kfodof car-fiage hired, or which frail haye been let for hire, at a jdb- **

Carriage* for any fpace of time not Ms than three months, and the name and fwname*. and refidenCe gf the pjjrfoa to whom the fame hath been* or (hah have bHn hired* and the term qr time hr Which the fame frail be ip let for kire; and every owner of any coach*, chariot, Who* calaft* or ebaife, who frail let for hire any fuch carriage, *s a job-carriage, (hall as often as he or (he (hall let the fame W bite* within three days after he of (he frail let fuch carriage, certify under hh or her band, to the examinator of bc*r&»fl»o-i ncy in Dublin, the kind of carriage fo jkt for fore, ai a job-carriage, by him or her, apd the uamearfd 'furnace* and re-.	—

frdence of the perfon to whom the fame hath been let for hire, and the term or time for which the feme fraif be fo let - for hire 5 and for every default in certifying in manner aforc-i foid, every owner of, or perfon letting for hire any fuch carriage, (hall forfeit the fom of twenty pounds.

CCXXIX- And be it ena&ed, That every perfon hereby PerJbnswho. required to take out ^ liceofe as aforefaid, frail have, or keep rerrjagei caufe to be painted on a board, with letters vifibk and legi- *or hire fr bk, it leaft w inching, » white upon a black ground, or t“o0 »n black upon a white, fos, her, or there game and furname aa herein, pe- ’ ' Tefpe&ively, at full length, ** Lkenfed to keep torches and naky id. tbaifci for hire; which board frail be affixed On Cusne conTpi-cuoup place on the ontfrle of the front of his, her* or their houfe refpe&ively, not more than three feet didam from the top of the (hop door, ,or ftreet door of foch houfe, and fuch perfon or perfons, refpe&ively, (had preferve and keep up the fame, during the time he' or (he frail refpe&ively continue to keep luch carnage or carriages, or in default (hereof, frail forfeit ryfpe&ivcly the fupi of ten pounds.

eeXXX. And,

The thirtyfevsnth Year of George TIL

CCXXX. Anil whereas by the faid a& made in the fc-▼entccnth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An additional aft for the better ordering and (olleSing the revenue arifing by hearth-money, it was cqa&ed, that it might be lawful for the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and council, to conftitute and appoint fuch perfon and perfons as they (hould think meet to be the officer or officers for receiving the duty arifing by hearths, firing-places, and (loves, by virtue of the faid ad,'and of one other a& made in the four*tenth aiyl fift enth years of the faid King's reign, entitled. An aH for eflablijhing an additional revenue upon his Majtjly, his heirs and fuceeffors, for the better fupport of his and their crown arid dignity„ and it was further ena&ed in and by the firft mentioned a&, that it (hould and might be lawful for the faid lord lieutenant, lo d deputy, or r ther chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom, for the time being,' from time to time, to appoint fuch persons as they (hould think fit, to execute and perform al} and every the matteis and things which by the fa d recited a& were to be done, executed, or performed by any juftice of the peace, or clerks of the peace of this kingdom : And whereas for -many years pad, the perfons employed in receiving or cojleftjng the duty arifing by hearths, firing-places, and doves, have been appointed by the com-. sniffioner8 qf his Majedy’s fevenue, in purfuancc of the powers and authorities giyen and granted unto them in and by the feveral letters patent, or commifliohs under the great feal of this kingdom, w^iich have from time to time p?eq palled, conftituting and appointing the feveral perfons in the refpeftive letters patent mentioned, to be comiqif-fioners of his Majefty's rcyenue, be it eua&td, That all commifiions and appointments which have heretofore been executed under the hands and feals of tfic commiflioncra of his Majedy's revenue, or any three or piore of them, or which (half be executed by them, or any three or more of them, during the continuance of their commifiions, con-ftituting and appointing the feveral and refpe&ive perfQnt named or mentioned in fuch commifiions or appointments, the officer or officers, colle&or or collegers of the duty arifing from hearths, firing-places, and doves, (hall be, and arc hereby declared to be firm, valid, and effe&ual in $he law, to al) intents and purpofes what foever.

CCXXXI. And be it ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful ney officers (hall for his Majedy, his heirs and fucpelfers, by one pr $K>re have all pow-	commifiiun* or commiffions, under the great feal of this

ke* „	kingdom, to authorife and empower the commifiioners of

cuftoms.

Appointments et hcarth-mo^ ney officers by com. of revenue, (hgU be valid.

Hearth-mo-



Digitized

)d byXjOO^lC

7"be thirty feventh Tear of George III.

cuftoms and excife, or any three or more of them, to appoint fuch perfon and perfons as they (hall tHnk fitting, to be officer or officers, colleAor or colleAors, for receiving and colleAing the duty arifing by, or from hearth*, firing-places, and (loves, Which faid officers and coneAo’s fo to be appointed, fhall have all fuch powers and authorities as if they had been feverally appointed according'to the direo tions of the faid recited alt of the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of king Charles the fecond.

CCXXXll. Provided always, That in cafe his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, (hall not think fit to aulhorife and impower the commiffioners of cuftoms and excife, or any three or more of them, to conftiture and appoint fuch officers and colleAors as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch cafe, all and every fuch officers and collectors, as aforefaid, (hall he appointed by fuch perfon and perfons, and in fuch manner as if this aA had never been made.

CCXXXll I. And whereas collectors of his Majefty** duty of hearth-money, often defraud his Majefty'of the * duties received by them, and fometimes have not returned the books of their refpeAive coll. Along, whereby the balances* due by them, cannot be fufficiently ascertained, and have in feveral inftancts wholly negleAcd to account; be it enaAed, That in every cafe, where any collector, or dif-mifled colleAor of hearth-money, (hall not within thirty-one days after demand in writing, figned by three commiffioners of the revenue, ferved on him, at his ufual place of abode, make a return, or fumifh to the chief colleAor of the diftriA, an account of the duties of hearth-money paid, and payable in the walk of fuch colleAor for the year ending the twenty-fifth day of March" next preceding, or of fuch parifhes in fuch walk, as he (hall have been direA-cd to colleA; then the produce of fuch walk or parifhes, as the cafe may be, (hall for fuch vear be deemed equal to the produce of fuch walk, or parifhes, for the year next preceding, for which an account for fuch walk or parifhes was fettled by geneifcl abftraAs, and fuch colleAor (hall be charged with fuch fum as by fuch fettled account or abftraA it (hall appear fuch walk or parifhes produced in fuch preceding year, and he and his furcties (hall be liable to, ancj fhall pay the fame.

CCXXXIV. And be it enaAed, That in every cafe where any colleAor,*or difmifTed colleAor of the faid duty, fhall not charge himfelf with the receipt of a fum in any year, as the produce of any one or more parifh or parifhes within his colleAion, equal to the fum which appeared to be the produce of fuch parifh or parifhes by the general abftraA for the lafl preceding year, for which an account was fettled, and that three or mere iriftances of fraud or fup-.	*	predion

*5l

Colle&Qn to make returns as herein.

When collectors charge themfelves with lefs than produce, as herein, furcties, See. Ihall pay accordingly.

1

George III.

wefliop of duty received, fhall appear in the account of toy liich colje&or or difmifled collector of hearth-money, the

Cluce of every Tuch pari/h, for fuch year as aforrfaid, be deenfed to be equal to the produce thereof in the next preceding year, for whieh an account was fettled by' abilrad as afomaid, and the colledor, or difmifled col-leftor of nearth-money in whole account fuch inftauers of fraud or fuppreflion (hall appear, (hall be charged with fuch Turn as by fuch fettled account or abftraft it (hall appear that every fuch parifli or parifhes produced in fuch preceding year, and he or his lureties fhall be liable to, and fball pay the fame.

Hawker«,&e.	CCXXXV. And for the better collc&ing of the duties

ihall deferibe on licenfcs to hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapraen and other h°w they »nt«n4 trading perfons. be it enacted, That every {uch perfon, bc-to hawk, c. fore he or (he (hall hawk, trade, or travel with any goods, yrares or merchandizes, in refpeft whereof he or Ihe fhall be fubjeA to the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmen or other trading perfons who are or {hall be deemed hawkers or pedlars, mall deliver to the colleftor of ex-cife of the	where	he or (he (hall refide or dwell, a

note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of fume perfon by him or her authorised in that behalf* hov or in what maimer he or (he intends to hawk, travel and trade, whether on foot or with one horfe or horfes, afs or afies, TO pie or rpulcs, or other bead or grafts of burthen, and thereupon, and upon the Receipt of the duty or duties upon fuch licenfe or licenfes, a licenfe or licenfes (hall be granted by fuch colle&or under his hand unto him or her, for his or her fo hawking, travelling and trading, and every fuch colle&or is hereby Required to fnfert in fuch lfeenfe as (hall be granted by bim, or endorfe thereon, the ages, plages of abode, and particular defeription of the perfons to whom the fame fhall be grapted, and to number each licenfe, and keep particular entries of fuch deferiptions and licenfes, for each of which licenfes there (hall be taken U/ fuch collectors, for their own ufe, the fum of one (hilling and no snore, unlefs (uch hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman (ball travel with horfe or other beaft of burthen, and in that cafe there (hall be paid to fuch colleftors, for their own ufe, for each of fuch licenfes for a horfe or other beaft of burthen the fum of two (hillings* iniccnfcnot CCXXXVI. And be (t enaAed, That allgoods, wares, de- and merchandizes which (hall fee carried, fold, or expofed to fale by any hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading perfon, in refpe& whereof, or of any of them, he or (he (hall be febjett to any duty payable to bis Majefty, and for felling of which goods, wares and merchandizes, he, (he, or they (hall not have his, her, or their

licenfe.

lYldUG} gOUUSj

frc. may be feizedas herein.

Th*	Ttervf	Gt&ztlfS.

Aicenfo for fo trading, ready to produce, .or /ball not op*n A; D. demand of any juftjcc of the peace, or any officer of ks 1797. Majefty’s revenue, produce focli licenfe, (ball be forfeited, Chap. jq. and Audi and may be feiaed by any fuch officer; and that if any fuch* hawker, pedlar* or petty chapman, or other perfon be found trading, m afore faid, or felling or expof-mg to (ale, or carrying, to fell, any goods, wares, or iner* chandizea without or not warranted by fuch licenfe or L'cenfea, filch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fve pounds; and if any fuch perfon fb trading, upon demand made by any revenue officer, or by any juf-ttce of the peace, mayor, confUble, or otbtr officer of the peace of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or (he (hall be, (hall not produce or (hew immediately unto fuch perfon or perfon 9 fo demanding the feme, his or her lkonfe or licenfet for fo trading, that then every fuch perfbo, upon oonvi&ion thereof upon oath, before any of hu Maiefty’s judices of the peace for the county or place in which fuch offence fhall he committed, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied by dHtcefs and fate of the offender1* roods, by warrant under the hand and feal^f any fuch juftice of the peaee, the fame to be paid ]to the informer, and for non-payment thereof fuch offender (hall be committed to the coalman gaol or faoufe of corct&ftoo, for any time not exoeedong tarec weeks nor lefs than ten days.

CCXXXVII. Provided always, and be k ensued. That . Ferfont here* this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hah not extend to ** “““P* prohibit any perfon or peifona, other than and except tra* vdling tinkers, who are workers, manufacturers, or makers of any goods or wares within this kingdom, ox, his or their ' wffe or wives, apprentice or apprentices from carrying abroad, expofing to fate, and felling any fuch goods or wares made or manufactured by him or them, his or their , wife ot wives, apprentice or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, and no other, in any publick fairs, markets or elfewhere, or any cooper, glazier, plumber or harnefs-maker, from going about in order to exercife their proper trades, or from carrying with him or them necefla y materials for exerciiing the fame, fo as fuch perfon or perfons fhall not at the fame time carry any other thing for Calc, nor to fubjefl any perfon or perfons who (hall carry raw, manufactured, or uamanuia&ured wool, woollen or worfted gpods from one part of the kingdom to another, or expofe the fame to (ale m any fair, market, or other; place in tbit kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned, fo as fuch perfon or perfons (hall not at the fame time carry or expofe to-fate any other goods, warns or merchandizes, ex*

cept

1 '

T*«rfous who ka%vk poto, &c. A all pay as herein.

Hawkers not

to fell in any city, &c.

Proof that foods are produce of Ireland fhalllie on own-

Perfons who expofe goods as herein deemed hawkers.

The thirty.feventh Tear of George III.

eept the lift mentioned goods refpe&m* ly, nor to prohibit or reftrain any pcrlon or perfons from felling or txpofing to fale, in any place or places whatfoever, any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, tickcn, plain, ftriped, chequered, painted or ftained linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed, of the growth or manufacture of Ireland, and that fuch perfon or perfons (hall not at the fame time carry or expofc to fale any other goods, wares or merchandizes, except fuch flax, tow, hemp, yarn, tickens, linens, buckram canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed as afore-fakh

CCXXXVIII. Provided alfo, and he it enaCled, That no perfon who (hall carry any pots or griddles made of caft iron or metal, from one part of the kingdom to another, to expofe the fame to fale in any fair, market or other place in this kingdom, (hall be fubjeCl to the payment of any greater duty than the fum of forty (hillings, in the whole, though fuch perfon or perfons (han or may travel with one or more horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads of burthen, fo as fuch perfon or perfons (hall not at the fame time carry cr expofe to fale other goods, wares or merchandizes, than fuch pots or griddles.

CCXXXDC. * Provided alfo, and be it enaCled, That this aCt, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to give any power for licenfing any hawker, pedlar, or pctty-cnapman, to fell, or expofe to file, any wares or merchadizes in any city, borough, town corporate, or market town within this realm, otherwife than he or (he might have done before the making of this a&, any thing herein contained to the contrary not with ftanding.-

CCXL. And be it ena&cd, That if any queftion (haH arife whether any goods, wares or merchandises eized by virtue of this a&, arc of the growth or manufacture of this kingdom, the proof that they were of fuch growth or manufacture (hall lie on the owner or claimer of fuch goods, and not on the officer who (hall feize the fame.

CCXLI. And be it enaCled, That all perfons who (hall convey goods, wares and merchandizes, in rcfpeCt whereof they (hall be chargeable with the duty upon hawkers and pedlars, and fell ami expofe the fame in (hops, rooms, ware-houfes, or other places in cities, towns, and places where they are not ufually refident, and all perfons who carry and convey fuch goods, wares and merchandizes to public ft reds, and places in cities, towns corporate, and other places in this kingdom, where they rcfpeCtively i-efide, but not adjoining to their dwelling-houfes or other apartments, and fell and expofe the fame to (ale upon ftalls, (lands, (beds, booths, bulks or other places, without lieenfe ; and all perfons under the denomination of leather-felTers or leather-cutters, who

hawk

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III. '	Ijj

hawk about from town to town, or fell or expofe in cities A. D* or towns corporate, and in fairs, markets or other places, 1797. large or {mall parcels of leather in booths, flails, {landings Chap. 30*

01 otherwife ; and all perfons who (hall within this kingdom, \_	—>	j

except in the city of Dublin, or within fire miles thereof, hawk about old clothes, or fell or expofe to fale old clothes in any flail, fhed, booth, fhop or other places, fhall be deemed hawkers, pedlars, pctty-chapmen, and trading per-jons, and he fubjeft to the duty payable by hawkers and pedlars, and fhall pay fuch duty, and take out fuch licenfe as aferefaid; and every fuch perfon as aforefaid, who.fhall fell or expofe to fale, or deal in as aforefaid fuch goods, wares and merchandizes as aforefaid, fhsll be deemed and taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, within the meaning of this aft, to all intents and purposes, and fhall oe fubjeft and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by the fame, inflifted upon hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmen, and others trading without licenfe, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CCXL1I. And be it enafted, That every hawker, ped- A fepirate lar, and pctty-chapman, for every perfon who fhall be em- l»cenfr be ployed, whether fervant or other perfon, in his or her com- j^^Ul ** pany, or otherwife, to carry any boxes, bundles, or parcels crcin* of goods, wares or merchandizes, fepaiate or diflinft tor the purpofes of felling or trading with the fame, fhall take out and pay for as aforefaid, a feparate and diuinft foot licenfe for every fuch perfon ; and alfo that every hawker, pedlar, and petty-chapman for every horfe, afs, mule, or other beaft of burthen that he or fhe fhall make ufe of, or drive in his or her company, or otherwife, fhall take out and pay for a feparate and diflinft horfe licenfe, and fuch feparate and diilinft perfon, whether fervant or other perfon employed pr carrying fuch boxes, bundles, o? parcels as aforefaid, and fuch hawkers, pedlars, and petty-chapmen, who fhall not take out a horfe licenfe, for every hoile or beafl of burthen which he or fhe fhall make ufe of or drive as aforefaid, fhall be fubjeft and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this aft inflifted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty-chapmen, and others trading without licenfe, it being the true intent and meaning of this aft, that for one foot licenfe no more goods, wares, or merchandizes fhall, by virtue of this aft, be hawked about for fale as aforefaid, than one hundred weight, and for one horfe licenfe, no more goods, wares or merchandizes fhall, by virtue of this aft, be earned about as aforefaid, than eight hundred weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfland-ing.

CCXJLIII. And be it enafted, That if any fuch licenfe Licenfes lent as aforefaid, fhall be lent to any perfon, or ufed by any (hall be void,

perfon, and goods for-r 9 feited.

5I. penalty for felling or pUy-in* with «n-ftamped cards.

Com. may He-vifa marks (or flfampiag the wrapper of each pack of card* in ouooer herda direded.

♦

Cards of each snamifadureV (hall be numbered.

/ Perfonawho counterfeit. Scc. ihall be tranf-portetf for 7 years.

The tkirty-ftnenlh Year of Georg? III.

perfbn, other than the perfon to whom the lame (hall be granted, fuch licynfc from thenceforth (hall be void anil at oo effc#, and all goods, wares, and merchandises foand ha the^ofleffion of the perfbn ufing the fame, Audi be for*

CCXLIV. And for the better fecuring the feveral duties impofed upon slaving cards, be it cna&ed. That no plaring cards (halt be fold or eratfed to fzle, or played with, *midi (hall not have been fealed, sparked, and (lamped as berem after directed, upon pain that every peifon who ihall, from the time afort&id, fell or expofe to tale, or knowingly play with any fuch cards, which mall not have bean io leaiccL marked or (lamped, /haH forfeit for every fuch pack of cards fo fold or expofed to (ale, or played with, the ftsm of five pounds ftcrling.

CCXLV. And be it Rafted, That it (hall be lawful for the chief cpmmiiboners of his Majefty’s revenue for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to devife, and by notice in writing under their hanas, to ,be published in the Duiblui Gazette for three focceffivc day^ of publication, to appoint marks, damps or feals, fuch as they ihall think fit, to he put or fmprefled on the label or paper to be fattened to the wrapper in which each pack of card* ihall be endofed or wrapped, and that the faid label or paper be fo contrived, as that when the fame (hall be fo fattened on the faid wrap* per, the feveral damps, marks or feals, ihall appear on the frdes of each pack of cards, in fuch manner as the faid com-miffioners fhaH direct; and that the feveral ttamp-mafters rc-fpc&ively, fball number each label in arithmetical progref-fion, under each mark, ttamp or fcal, to be put thereon in manner aforefaid, fo that the numbers appearing on the fides of every pack of cards when enclofed in the faid label, ihall be like or correfponding numbers.

CCXLV I. Provided always, That all cards belonging to each manufacturer, (hall be numbered in progreffiou with the following or fucceflivc numbers, the cards of each vnanu-fa£turer beginning with number one, and that every ilamp-maitcr ihall after every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, begin to number the cards to be ftamped by him, for each manufacturer, with number one.

CCXLVII. And be it futth$r ena£ted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times make, counterfeit or forge, or caufe or proenre to be made, counterfeited or forged, any mark, ttamp or fcal, to refembk any mark, ttamp or feal, which in purfuance of this a& ihall be made and ufed for (tamping any label or paper cnclofing any cards,

or

The thitty-fiventh tear tf George III*

•

or fhali counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of tKe fame, upon any paper for endoling cards, or fhali erafe or alter any number to be put on filch paper or label ns aforefaid, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of the duties upon cards, or (hall utter, vend or fell any caids, with the impreflion of fuch counterfeit mark, (tamp, or feal, on the paper or label cndoflng fuch cards, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall utter, vend or fell any cards, on the paper or label endofing which, any number (hall be erafed or altered, knowing the fam£ to be erafed or altered, or (hall fraudulently life any mark, (tamp or feal, to be ufed in purfuance of this a6t, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the duties upon cards, then every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and be tranfported for feven

years.	^

CCXLV1IL And be it enacted, That k (hail be lawful Perfons whs. for the chief commiflioners of his Mlyefty’s revenue, or any “fke cards, three of them, to grant licences to fuch perfon or perfons as	C*

they (hall think proper, for the making of playing, blank,	(

god mtfiage ctrds, for any term not exceeding three yearn* from the time of granting fuch licenfes; and if any perfon or perfons (hall exercite or cany on the trade or employment of maleing any playings blank, or meffage cards, without fuck licenU pr lifcenteslirft had and obtained* the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every foch offence, forfeit the turn of one hundred pounds, together with all fuch cards, and aU fuch materials and implements ufed in the making of cards, as ihaH be fonnd in bts, her, or their pefleffion, ail which cards, materials and implements, (hall and may be feized, carried away, and lodged in the next excite office, by fuch officer or officers as (hall difeover the fame*

CCXLtX. And be it cna&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Com. may the chief commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any take recount* three of them, in the port or diftvift of Dubffo, and for the colle&ors of the ports of Cork or Limerick refpe&ivdy, ^tics dtt" from time to time, to take recognizances from the perfon ot perfons applying for fuch Ucente or licenfes, with one or move fufficient furety or fureties, k the fum of two hundred ponnds, the condition of which recognizance (hall be, that the parties fo licenfed, their executors, or adminiftraSors,

(hall anfwer and pay to his Majefty, all fuch duties as fuch perfon or perfons mall be liable to-, on account of making any playing, blank, or me&gc cards, during the time fuen perfon or perfons (hall carry on the bufntefs of a card-maker, under foch licente*

CCL. Provided 'always, and be it ena&ed, That it (fall tTpon non-pay. be lawful for tbe faid chief eowniffioncia, or any three of

mthtr's liccnfo

>5»

A. D. 1797.

Chip. 30.

Card maker to (hew dock.

Com. may appoint officer* to keep accounts.

Tlx thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

them, upon default made in the payment of any fuch diitjr Or duties, as fuch peifou or perfons fo licenfed as aforefaid, fha!l or may be liable to, or upon convi&ion before the com-miffionrrs or fub-commiffiouers of exofe for any fraud or r (fence, the pen dry or forfeiture for which (hall amount to ten pounds, from time to time, during the term 'for which fuch licenfe or licenfes (hall hive been granted, by notice or in liniment in writing, fublcribed by them, or any three of them, to revoke, withdraw, and utterly make void any fuch liccnfe or licenfes, by them granted to fuch perfon or per-fons, fo making default, or eonvifted as aforefaid 3 and if fuch perfon or perfons after fuch revocation, (hall continue to exercife the trade, or carry on thebufinefs of card-making, be, (he or they, (hall be fubjeft to fuch penalties and forfeitures, as if fuch liccnfe had never been granted.

CCLI. And be it enacted, That every card-maker who (hall make any cards, his foreman, head fervant, or perfon employed to attend the faid bufinefs from time to time, and as often as fuch card-maker or other perfon employed as aforefaid, (hall be required by the officer or officers appointed to view and take an account of the fame, (hall (hew to fuch officer or officers all the (lock then on hand of cards, and all materials for making the fame, belonging to fuch card-maker or card-makers, under the penalty of ten pounds in cafe of rifufal, to be forfeited by fuch card-maker and card.makers, and of five pounds to be forfeited by the foreman, head fervant or other perfon employed fo refilling as aforefaid, and that in default of the payment of the faid fum of five pounds, fu h foreman, head ferva it, or other perfon fo employed, (hall fuffer one months imprisonment; and that in ^afe fuch officer or officers (hall afterwards find any cards or materials for making cards, of the (lock then on hand, over at d above the quantity fo (hewn as aforefaid, . fuch cards and materials (hall be foi feited; and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer or officers to feize and carry away the fame, and fuch card-maker or card-makers (hall refpe&ively forfeit a fum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve dozen packs of cards, and a fum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve dozen (beets of paper materials for card-making, which (hall be found over and above the quantity that (hall have been (hewn as aforefaid.

CL’L 11. And be it enadled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, to appoint fuch officer or officers of excifc, as they (hall think proper, to keep an account of all cards, and materials for making cards, which (hall from time to time be found by him or them in the poffettion of any card-maker or card-makera, and upon any‘decicafe or deficiency of fuch (lock of caids materials not properly accounted for? to charge fuch

card-maker

The thirtyfeventh Tear.of George III.

card-maker or card-makers with all duties payable for filch A. D. cards not accounted for, and alfo with the amount of the 1797. duties on fo many ca ds, as might be made from, or with ' Chap. 30. fuch materials, not accounted for as aforefald; the faid duties to be paid by fuch card-maker or card-makers, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, before the colle&ors of the ports of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, re-fpedlively, afcertaining the quantity fo deficient and brought to charge (which oath the faid colleflors are hereby rcfpec-tivdy empowered to adminider.)

CCLIII.'And be it eua&cd, That if any fuch colle&or Ho cards or damp-mad er of cards, after proof made of fuch deficiency, damped till (hall allow any entiy to be made by, or (hall (lamp any cards deficiency P^d-of, or belonging to fuch card-maker or card-makers, before he,

(he, or they (hall have anfweted or paid all charges made on account ot fuch decreafe or deficiency, that then and in every fuch cafe fuch colledor or ftamp-mader (hall refpe&ive-ly forfeit the Turn of twenty pounds, to be fued for, recovered, and applied in fuch manner, as herein after is mentioned.

CCLIV. And be it ena&ed, That as often as any card- Requite* foe maker or card-makers (hall make up cards intended for card* tor exportation, he, (he or they (hall, within one hour after the tation.

Tame are made up, give notice thereof to the darap-maf-ter of the place where fuch cards (hall be made up, and (hall in the prefence of the faid'flamp-mafter, depofite fuch cards in fome of his Majefty’s llore-houfes at the place where fuch cards (hall be made up ; the faid cards there to remain, until a certificate from the colle&or of the port fhall be produced to the faid (lamp-mailer, which certificate (hall exprefs or import, that all legal requijites relative to fuch cards, have been performed.

CCLY- And be it enabled, That if fuch card-maker 50I. penalty or card-makers (hall at any time remove fuch cards fo de- for removing polited as aforefaid, or (hall fuffer the fame to be removed, 'virhout p without permiflion of the dore-keeper or furveyor of his Majefty'a flores firft had and obtained, he, (lie, of they,

(hall forfeit a fum of fifty pounds.

CCLVI. And be it enadled, That if any pack or packs Undamped of playing cards (hall be found in the houfe, (hop, room, cards in p-.iV.f-or place of any card-maker, (hop-keeper, or retailer of cards, without being marked, fealed, or (lamped, as by law is required, the fame (hall be adjudged forfeited, and may be l'eized and carried away by any officer of his Majef-ty’s revenue, and the card-maker, (hop-keeper, or retailer of cards, in whofe poflefiion fuch pack or packs of cards (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

CCLVil. And be it enadled, That every undamped	Cardsenclof-

parccl of painted, fpotted, or playing cards, inclofed in	in cover* %

-	paper

2

i

iCo

A. D.

*797-

Chap. 30.

Seizure* Iodgw cd in excife office.

xol. penalty for felling cards flayed with be-fwtt

Perfehs deemed dealers, as herein.

Cards in pof-frfi*cn of pedlars (hall be feized.

Cards with (lamps intended to be altered, may be fold for % months after notice, and no longer*

The thirty ftvemh Tear of George III.

paper covers, which (hall be expofed to falc by, or found in the (hop of any (hop-keeper or retailer of cards, fhall, to all intents and purpofes, be conftrucd and taken to be a whole pack of playing cards, within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and fuch (hop-keeper and retailer of cards (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

CCLVIII. And be it enafted, That in all cafes where a forfeiture of painted, fpotted, or playing cards, or of htenfils or materials for making cards, (hall be incurred by-virtue of any aft now of force, or which (hall be hereafter enafted, it (hall be lawful for the officer or officers of his Majedy’s revenue, who (hall deteft the fraud or offence for which fuch cards, utenfils, or materials (hall become forfeited, to feize and attach, and carry away all fuch cards, Utenfils, and materials for makiifg cards, and the fame to lodge in the excife-office neared to the place of feizure, there to be detained And kept until difpofed of by due courfe of law.	v

CCLIX. And be it enafted, That if any perfon (hall fell or expofe to dale, any playing cards which have before been fold, opened or played with, every perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

CCLX. And be it enafted. That all cards exceeding ior quantity two packs, which (hall hereafter be found in any-houfe, out-office, ware-Houfe, or elfewhere, in the poffef-fion of any (hop-keeper or retailer of cards, (hall be deemed and confidered as cards expofed to fale, within the true intent and meaning of this aft, whereby card-makers, (hop • keepers, and retailers of cards are fubjeft to forfeitures and penalties, for felling or expofing to fale painted, fpotted, and playing cards, not (lamped, marked, or made up in manner ana form as required.

CCLXI. And be it enafted, That all painted, fpotted, or playing cards which (hall be found in the poffeffion of any hawka*, pedlar, petty-chapman, or other trading perfon travelling from place to place (hall be forfeited, and it (hall mnd may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, to feize and kdge fuch cards in the next excife office.

CCLX1I. Ard be it enafted, That as often as the com-miflioners of his Majelty's revenue, or any three of them. (hallthink fit to alter, change or renew the marks or damps for cards and the paper enclofing the lame, or any of them, it (hall and may be lawful for all perfona who (hall at fuch xcfpeftive tilne9 have in their cudody or poffeffion, any cards and papers enelofmg packs of cards, marked with the damp or damps fo intended to be altered, changed or renewed at any time will tin the fpace of two months alter fuch intention

tf

I

Cards with old (lamps for* fcited as herein*

The tlfirtf feventh Tear of George III.

of renewing, changing or altering ftich'ftamps or tnarlts,

(hall have been fo publiftied in the Dublin Gazette, for three fucceflive days of publication, to fell or etpofe to fale fuch Cards marked with the (lamp or ftamps fo intended to be altered, changed* and renewed, and no longer.

CCLXIil. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if Cards with Any cards marked with the old ftamps ftiall remain upon hands and unfold, it (hall be lawful for any ca d-mhker or /hop- bc tcr * keeper, or retailer of cards, s^t any time within the (aid two months, to bring or fend fitch cards and papers, ending packs of cards, with the old ftamp to the refpeftive matters, or to fuch officer or offic rs as fhall be appointed in that behalf, by the faid comjrnffioncrs, or any three of them, at their refpeftive offices in the cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, and the faid ftamp-mafters and officers refpec-tively, are hereby required to mark with the new ftamps fuch cards fo brought in, and fo many papers eflclofing packs of cards as (hall be.eqilal in number to the papers fo brought in, fuch new ftamps to be impreffed and given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the p3yment of any duty or fee whatfoever for the fame.

CGLXIV. Provided alfo, That if after tile faid two months, any cards with fuch old ftamp3 (hall be found in the poffcffion of any card-maker, fhop-keeper, or retailer of cards, the fame (hall be forfeited, and it (hall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Maje.'ly’s revenue, to feize and Car/y.away the fame, and theperfon or perfons in whofe pof-feffion the fame (Jiall be found, (hall be liable and fubjeft to all fuch penalties and forfeitures as he, (he, or they fhall be liable to, if the faid cards or papers Containing packs of cards never had been (lamped.

CCLXV. And be it enabled, That no cards (hall be deemed Watte cards, unlefs a corner of all fuch cards fhall be ed waile cards, cut oft', and unlefs the fame be fold in parcels without being inclofed in any paper cover whatfoever; and if-any card-maker, fhop-keeper, or ictailer of Cards, fhall fell or expofe to falc as watte cards, any cards inclofed in paper Covers, of not cut in manner aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fo offending, fhall be liable to aH the penalties, and incur all the forfeitures infli&ed for felling or expofing to fale painted, fpotted or playing cards without ftamps.

CCLXVI. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for A (lamp* the commiffioners of his Majefty's revenue, or any three or matter to be ap-moreof them, and they are hereby authorized from time to P0,,m.dat Lim time to appoint a fit and proper perfon in the port of Lime-rick, who (hall have the cuftody of the mark, ftamp or fea), marks, (lamps, or feals, which have been Or (hall be appointed to be put on cards or papers Cnclofing cards refpec-Vql. Xf.	L	lively,

What deem*

Digitized I

/Google-..

lit

A. D.

*797. Chap. 30.

Ybattutyfioenth Teat of George 1IL tmly, and (hall from time to time put fuch mark or fbonp, as by law required upon all dice, or fuch mark or feal at ir law required upon the paper and thread endofing every pock of cards, and on the painted or fpotted fide of one ot the cards of each pack which (hall be duly entered, and for which the duties impofed by law (hall be duly paid to the colle&or of the bid port, and the perfon who (hall be appointed to mark, damp and feal cards and dice refpc6Uv«y purfuant to this a&, (ball have and receive during his continuance in the faid office, the yearly fum of ten pounds, which faid yearly fum (hall be paid him quarterly by the col-le&or of the laid, port of Limerick, out of the dudes charged on cards and dice.

CCLXVII. And be it ena&ed. That every card-maker, (hall at the refpe&ive times and before the refpe&ive perfons therein mentioned, make oath, or if a quaker folcmnly affirm in the words following, to wit:

Card-maker • I A. B. do /wear, (or if a quaker do affirm) that the mm-oath on entry. }#r qf packs of cards now entered by me, is the full amount rf tie quantity of painted^ fpotted\ and flaying ccurdsy manufactured by met or fir my yje, from the	day	of

to the time of this my prefent entry, except packs made up by me for exportationf •which are now hdred in bis Majefy’s fores, or have been exportedt (as the cafe may be.)

Tat on fak- CCLXYIII. And in order to fecure the payment of the tic*, Ccc.	tax	or duty payable on every twenty (hfllinga of friaries,

profits .of employments, fees and penfions, be it ena&ed. That the laid tax or duty on fabrics, profits of employment, fees and penfions, payable at the receipt of his Majcfty’s exchequer, (hall be (topped and de^u&ed by the teller of the 1 faid exchequer, to be accounted for to his Majefly, and alfo I that the faid tax on all other friaries, profits of employments, fees and penfions liable thereto, (hall be flopped by the perfon or. perfons who is or are to pay the fame, or the deputies refpe&ivdy, of the perfons entitled to fuch lala-ries, profits of employments, fees and penfions, and paid by them into the receipt of his Maiefty’s exchequer, to be accounted for to his Majefty, and that every fuch deputy or deputies (hall, within one calendar month alter fuch tax lhall become due, give in upon oath an account before the chief 1 baron, or any of thejbarons, of the court of exchequer, or any two juft ices of the peace, of the net profit of fuch employ-men t or employments, for which fuch deputy or deputies is, are ! or (hall be accountable to their principals, which account fuch perfon or perfons to wdiom the fame (hall be given upon oath, as aforefaid, (hall forthwith fend to the teller of his Majefty’s

exchequer,

Secretaries anA agents to deli lifts of absentees en oath, m herein.

Tbt thirty ftventi Year of George QI«

exchequer, or his deputy, and the deputy or deputies of foch perfon or perfons (o abfent, as aforefaid, (hall within one calendar month after fuch account given^in before the chief baron or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two iuftices of the peace, as aforefaid, pay into the receipt of nis Majefty*® exchequer, the fum due and payable to hit Majcfty, for or on account of the faid tax; and in cafe fuch deputy or deputies, as aforefaid, (hall omit or negle& to give m upon oath, or to pay the faid tax within the re-fpc&ive times herein before for that purpofe appointed, fuch deputy or deputies forfeit the fum of £ recovered by action

court of exchequer, and (hall aHo be incapable of exercifiog or holding fuch deputation from the time when judgment fhall be given againft him on fuch a&ion or information.

CCLX1X. And be it enacted, That the fecretaries of the feveral boards and eftablifhments for the colle&ion of any bf his Majefty’s reveaues, and the agent or agents of the feveral perfons who are entitled to receive any falaries, fees or penuons, upon fuch eftablifhments, (hall refpe&ively, on or before the firft day of April, in every year, deliver in upon oath, which oath the faid chief baron, or any of the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, or any two juftices of the peace, are hereby required and empowered to adminifter, to the beft of their knowledge, a lift or account .of fuch of the officers of the revenue, and of the perfons who are intitled to receive any fuch falaries, fees or penfi*

©ns, who bv reafon of their abfence from^ this kingdom,

(hall be liable to the faid tax or duty; and in cafe fuch fe» crctary or fecretaries, agent or agents, (hall refufe or nCglcft to deliver in fuch lilts refpedtively, he or they (hall be difa* bled from holding and enjoying tne office of fccretary or fecretaries, dr from being agent or agents.

CCLXX. And be it cna&ed, ihat every perfon who ihall have, or be entitled to receive any falary, profits of ****	kj*™***

employment, fees or penfions in this kingdom, and who leave this kingdom, (hall as often as he or (he (hall fo leave this kingdom, give notice in writing to the principal officer at the port, at which he or (he (hall embark, or to his Ma-jefty’s auditor-general in this kingdom, of tike day pn which be or (he intends to leave this kingdom, or (hall within the fpace of three calendar months, after he or (he (hall have left this kingdom, give like notice of the {tar on which he of flic had left the Tame, and (hall alfo give4*ke notice in writing of the day of hit or her return to this lungdom, and if any fuch perfon (hall omit to give fuch notice, fuch perfon (hall pay the faid tax, as if he or (he had been abfent from this kingdom for thsfoacc of fix months.

•	L	2	CQLXXL

Ferfons enti-

tle* as

<4	ttMj-feventh	Tear of George III*

A. A	f C^l/XXL Ahd be it enafted, That fuch notice IhaH t>£

1797.	jreceiVed by tbc fcfpeftive officers aforefaid, without Fee ot

Chap, vd. reward, and that fuch officers (hall refpeftitely give a receipt jn writing to the perfon who fhall ferve fuch notice, if it Notice to be maft he defired by fuch perfon. * received without t CGLXXII. And be it enafted, That every officer of any “*•	port who* ffialt receive fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall immedi-

ately trartfmit the fame to the laid auditor-general, who (hall preserve the fame.

CCLXXIII. And whereas the colleftors of hf3 Majefty’# Revenue, andthofe employed by them, have been frequently obliged to difltain for quit-rent, crown-rent, cumpofition-Vent, and other rent, payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and diftrefits taken for the fame, have been frequently refeued, by reafon whereof the collection of the rents aforefaid, hath been rendeted difficult and expendve 1 ‘ r* u a ' for remedy whereof, be it enacted, in adl cafes where any dedastci^cacef, diftrefo or diftreffes fhall be taken on any lands, tenements, flic* ashcsciiie * or hereditaments, for any quit-rent, erown, compofition, ot . .. other rent payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, charged thereon and in arrear, it (hall he lawful for fuch colleftors, and thofc empowered by them, diftraining for the fame, to deduft and retain out ot the value of the diftTefs fcr diflrefles taken/or out of the money arifing by the fale thereof, all neceflary charges and expences over and above the rent in arrear, as (hall have been ncccftarily incurred fit taking, fecuring, and felling fuch diftrefs or diftrefles. Colle&rtrfAc/ CCLXXIV. And be it enacted, That the feveral colter adminifter Jeftors, fub-commiffioners, or other officers of the revenue, oatha.	*in the refpeftive diflrifts where fuch oaths oy affirmations are

required or ditefted to be taken by this or any other law or iaws now of force, or hereafter to be enafted, relating to WsMajefty’s rerenue in this kingdom, arc hereby authorised* empowered and required, to adminifter fuch oath or oaths, affirmation or affirmations. ♦

^ Affirmstlta of CCLXXV: And be it enafted, That in evtry cafe 1a a <jaakct,\Vc. wbieh*rt oath is by this, or any other aft now of force, or hereafter to be enafted in this kingdom, relating to his Ma-'jefty’s revenue required to be taken, if the perfon required

*	to take the fame, (hall be a known quaker, and then and in every fuch cafe, tbc officer or officers empowered by law to adminifter fuch oath, (hall not adminifter the fame, but (hall

■ receive in lieu thereof, the folemn affirmation of fuch known

*	quaker.

Perfunswlio CCLXXVI. And be it enafted, That if any perfon or fwear falfsW peribns'fhnll wilfully, falfdy, and corruptly take any of tbc lhaii fuffer as oaths or affirmations direfted to be taken by this aft, or by* for perjury, See. ~any a& now ^ force, or which (hall hereafter be made, re-.	*	*	latiny

The thirtyfewenth Tear of Gcoige lilt

lating to his Majefty’s revenue, and be thereof lawfully con-viftea by verdi&, or upon his or their confeffian, he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offetice, incur and fuffer fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains and difahilfties, as perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable to ; or if any perfon or perfons (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other perfons, to take fuch oath or affirmation, and the perfon or perfons fo procuring or fuboming fltall be thereof convidled by verdidl, or upon his, her, or their confeffion, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, incur and fuffer fuch penalties*, forfeitures, pains and dlfabilities, as perfons convidfed of perjury, or fubor-nation of perjury, are refpe&ively by the laws of this kingdom liable unto.

CCLXX.V1I, And be it enaded, That until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, no higher duty (had be paid on any piece of vellum, parchment or paper, on which any marriage licenfe which (hall ifTue out of the confiftory court of any dioccfc fhall be written, than the fum of two (hillings and nx-pence, any acf to the contrary notwithftanding; provided always, that nothing herein contained (ball affed any fuch licenfe if-!, fued out of his Maj^fty’s court of prerogative.

CCLXXVLII. And in order to encourage the fisheries of this kingdom, be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any importer of fait, to land any quantity of fait imported into this kingdom, fo* the purpofe of curing fi(h, without having paid any duty for the fame; provided that fuch fait (hall be weighed in the prefence of an officer of liis Majefty’s revenue, and lodged iu a warehoufe under the key of Tueh officer, and of the proprietor j and fuch fait (hall remain iu fuch warehoufe under the joint cuftody of fuch officer and proprietor, until the fame (hall be delivered out for the curing of fi(h j and before any fuch fait (hall be delivered out, the proprietor (hall make oath that fuch fait is intended for curing fifh, and that by his conf$ut gr connivance it (hall not be fold cr delivered for any other purpofe, and (hall with fufficient furety* enter into a bond to his MajeftyJ in double the amount of the duty on fuch fait, to pay the fume at the end of fix months, unlefs proof (half be made, that fuch fait was ufed in. curing fifli, or hath been loll at (ea, or in port.

CCLXX1X. And he it ena&ed, That upon proof made on oath to the fatisfadtion of the chief commillioners of his Majeity’a revenue, that fuch fait, or any part thereof, was ufed in the curing of fi(h, or was loft at fea, or in port, credit (hall be given on the back of the bond for the quantity of fait fo accounted for; and when the whole of the

No higher duty than 2s. 6d. paij ’ for a marriage licenfe, Ccc.

Salt for curing fifh may be in*-ported without duty, SfC. ** herein.

On proof, on oath, that hilt was ufe>| ip cubing hih, &rc. as herein, bond (hall be with

Digitized by

Google

I

paper hanging** See. not forfeited, a* herein.

more than 4*. a barrel on importation of foreign herrings*

All fines, &c. recovered as herein.

The thlrty-ftvcnth Tear of George IIL

(alt fyecified therein! (hall be accounted for, or the doty paid on (he deficiency, fu^h boqd /hall be void, and ddiver-ed up aqd cancelled.	;

CCLX^X. And be f( ena&ed, That qo paper forbang* Jnga* which (hall have been printed, painted, or fiained, before the firft day of Mgy, one thoq/and feven hundred and ninety-:feven, (hall be fobjedt to forfeiture op account of fqch paper not having heeq damped or marked* with the damp pr foal, to denote the charging of duty payable thereon, unlefs the fame (hall be found without fuch damp of feal, after the hrd day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and nincty-fcvcn, any law to the contrary nptwith-ftanding.

CCLXXXI. And be it ena^ed* That no higher doty (hall ba pfid on foreign herrings imported into this king* don\, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and the twenty-fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, than fopr (hillings for every barrel thereof, any a&(o (he cob-trqry notwithftanding.

, CCLXXXII. And bcitenafted, That all and every the fines, penalties and forfeitures infli&ed by tips a&, other than and except as by (his aA is otherwiff provided for, (ball and may & fued tor, recovered and levied in fuch mao* ner and form, and hjy fuch ways atad means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are pref^nbed, directed* and appointed in and by an aft perliapw0^ wade in the fbwr« teenth and fifteenth years of his late Majelly Charles the focond, entitled, An afl for thefetfmg of the {xcife9 or sew mpofti upon hie Majejly, his heirs ana fuegeffors^ according to the book of rates therein itferted, at fotyy and effectually tQ all intents, conductions and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expreued, and enacted ip this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties whp (hall ^—rjl---------------------------------*—*	— ---—J	^in and

In force to 14 Junc,i7g»,&c.

enacted. That this act fluty continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and nibety-eight, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, anty

no longer.

CH if,

ISt

		

Google

The tlirtyfeventb Tear of George III*1

iCy

CHAP. XXXL

An AB for the more fecure Importation daring a baited of the feveral Goods and Materials of Manvfoften therein mentioned.

- A. D*

WHEREAS federal articles cannot by reafon of the prefent hoftilities be imported io (hipping navigated according to the laws now in force, without great hazard and expence to the importers thereof; and whereas it will tend to the general accommodation and advantage of the trade and manufacturers of this kingdom, if fomc temporary relief be given in the premifles: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Maiefty, and by and with the advice and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembkd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the. # Goodsmayto paffing of this a&, and during the continuance of the prelent Imported in hoftilities, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfoa or per-fons to import any goods or commodities of the growth, 0f Portugal, production, or manufacture of any ifland, colony, or plan** &c. tation, belonging to any of the fubjeds of the crown of

Goods herein

ceflors, navigated wholly or in part by foreign Teamen* from any port or place in Portugal, or the weftem iflands, commonly called the Azores or Madeira iflands, any law, cuftom, or utage io the contrary notwit hftandiug.

II.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the ^	^

paffing of this a&, and during the continuance of the prefent mentioned may’ hoftilities, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to in*- be imported in port into this kingdom sdi forts of wool, Barilla, Jefuits vcflfcls any bark, linen yarn, hemp, flax, and flax-feed, indigo, cochineal,	M

cotton-woo), and organised thrown (ilk, of the production *'

or growth of Italy ^ not being coarfer than the fort thereof known and. diftinguiflied by the.name of third Bolonia, and no| befog tram fix, from any country or place whatsoever, in any (hip or veffel belonging to any kingdom or ftatc in amity with his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, navigated by foreign feamcn, any law, cuftoiQ, or ufege to the contrary notwith Handing.

III,	Provided always. That foch goods as fliall in pur- Ooodslim fuancc of this a&, be imported in any foreign (hip or veiled ported in fo* fliall be fubjc£k and liable to the aliens, and all other duties, fc,gn fuh in the fame manner as they would be liable to by law, if to aiu'n* fuck (hips were of the built of the country of whioh the du ** goods arc of the growth, pioduft, or maauta&ure.

A P;

Digitized by

The thirtyfevepth Tear of George III, „



A- XX >797.

CHAP. XXXII,

An Act for raifing by. Loan the feveral Sums therein mention*^

towards the Supply granted to His Mayfly for the Service of the Tear One Thoufand /even hundred and ninety foven, and for fecuring the Pcymetrt of the Interejl thereof\ and for enabling th^ Comvujf oners of the Treajhry in Ireland to re-, ceive from the Commiffumers oj the Treafury in England, the Stub therein mentioned, towards the J'aid Loan9 and for fecuring an* hterejl for the fame, and to provide for th* Difi barge of the fend Sum.

HE RE AS Kv an aft of Parliament made iu this

prefent Sdlion of Parliament, entitled, An a8 for feeurihg the payments of the annuities, and of the interejl upon the principal fums therein provided for, and towards the difi charge of fuch principal films* in fuch manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his MajeJIy's treafury, to receive certain fums for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and for granting to his Majefiy a certain fum out the confolidated fund, and for apply ing a certain fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, and for, other purpofes, it 1$ cnafted, :That by and out of fuch monies as ftiall, from time to time be, and' remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the iurplus of the fund, called th$ confolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, One thoufand feven hundred and .ninety-Riven, to the, twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-land feven hundred and ninety-eight, inclusive, after paying and refei ving Efficient to pay all fuch fum and fums of money as have been direfted by any former aft or a&s of parliament, to he paid out of the fame, fhali and may be iffued and applied for and towards making good the fupply granted to hia Majefty for the fervice of the year one thou-land feven hundred and nincty-feven, a fum not exceeding four millions, three hundred and ninety-live thoufand fix hundred and eighty-ftx pounds three (hillings and four-pence halfpenny, together with a of one hundred and fifteen

and nine-peuce, being a balance unapplied of the Ripply granted for the fervice fcf the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, making in the whole four millions five hundred and ten thoufand nine hundred and ninety-eight pounds feventcen (billings and one penny halfpenny: And whereas hy a refolution of the houfe of comknons, of the fir 11 day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, it is refolved, that towards raifing the faid fupply* ^

thoufand three hundred and twelve pounds thirteen Ibillinga





Debentures to be iffycd for nif-iog herein.

The thirty•fbventh T'ear of George III.

the furn of tliree million three hundred and ninety-fire thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix pounds be raifed on loan : And whereas the governor and company of the banc of Ireland, in purfuancc of an ad parted this feflion of parliament for that purpofe, have agreed to advance and lend towards railing the laid fum, the iura of five hundred t^ou-fand pounds, in order therefore towards raiTing* a further part of the faid fum, be it eyadled by the King’s moft ex* cellent Mqje&y, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in thi*3 prefent parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame, that for raifing the fum of four hundred thoufand and fifty pounds, part of the faid fum of three million three hundred and ninety-five thouland fix hundred and ninety-fix pounds, debentures to the amount of fix hundred and thirty-five thoufand pounds, bearing an intcrcll at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twer.ty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix,	f

(hall t*e iflued, fo that every contributor of fixty-three pounds to the faid loan, fiiall receive a debenture for one hundred pounds.

II, And be it enaded, That a debenture fbr one hon- ipol. Debra* dred pounds for every fum of thirty-three pounds, to be tare for every fubferibed and paid into the receipt of his Majefiy’s exche- ^ fubfcnbcil quer, hearing fuch intcrdl, as afovefidd, (hall be given by ^ given?* the proper officers of his Mnjdly’s troafury, m like m.innpr as hath Men qjhiaUy	in	cafes where principal' (jams

have bfccn heretofore borrowed on loan by debcuture, aid	»%

the debentures orveceipts fo to be given, ffiaH be numbered in arithmetical pfogreffion, where (he common cxccfs or difference is to be one, until the whole fhafi be numbered-

Ilf. And be it enaded, That upon every fuch debenture Inferefi to there fhall be paid at the receipt , of his Majefly’s exchequer, paid half-yearly. It the end of every fix calendar months, to (he perfon or per(bns Who Ihall become entitled to the fame* his, her, or their executors, adminiilrators, or afl\ga$, an intercll at the rate of five pounds per cintun\ per annum* and to commence from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix* without any fee pr charge, and free from all deduftious whatfoever, until fuch time as they (hall .refpediyely be paid their principal Bftoaey *( one entire , payment.

IV.	And for raffing a further fum not expeeding three For uHfag hundred thoufand pounds, part of tfie fjaid fum of three .loo.oool. a trea* million three hundred suld ninety-five thoufand fix hundred	^*^0*

and ninety-fix pounds ; be it enaded, That for every fum of ^^5 ptr cent! ninety-two pounds, which (hall be contributed and paid into inureftr

to

Digitized by

Google

poaas herein borrowed deemed pert of fnm hereby authorised to be bar-

Ftribat who depofite 5 per cent, of fubicrip-tion* oo or before time herein mentioned, ihali receive treafary 'bills from sjth March, 1797, dec.

The thirty-)htftfft Year*/ George UL

the receipt of his Majefty*s exchequer, towards raffing Hfi laid fum, a treafury uB tor one hundred pounds, IhaD be UTued and given to the perfon who (hall fo pay fuch fom df ninety-two pounds; and lor every fum of forty-fix pounds, of the ftid fum of three hundred thouland pbunds, which (hall be in like manner paid, a treafury bill for fifty pounds (hall be ifTued and given to the perfon who (hall fo pay hack fum of forty-fix pounds, fuch treafury bills to bear an intcreft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per umutMf on the fum contained therein, and to pals current at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, at the end of five years from the date ot the fame rcfpc&ivdy.

V.	And whereas purfuant to the laid refblution of the houfe of commons, of the firft ddy of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, fcveral Turns have been paid at the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, towards railing a loan by treafury bills} be it ena&ed, That every fuch fum raid in confequence of the (aid resolution, at the receipt erf his M ajefty*s exchequer, (hall be deemed and taken to be part of the laid fum, hereby authorised to be borrowed on loan by treafury bills, aad a treafury bill for one hundred pounds, for every ninety-two pounds lb paid, (ball be ifTued and given to the perfon who paid the fame, fuch treafury bills to bear a like mtereft, alter the rate of fix pounds per centum per nnmsm, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix

VI.	And be it cna&cd. That every perfon who (hall further contribute towards railing the laid fum, and who fhatl pay at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on or before the twentieth day of June, one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-feven, a fum after the rate of five pounds per centum, on fuch fum as he (hall fubferibe, towards railing the laid fum, as a depofite to Secure the payment of the remainder of the fum lor which he (hau fublcrtbe by the infbdmenta herein alter mentioned} that is to fay, one-third of the remainder of the fum to be fubferibed for, on or before the twentieth day of 8epterabcr, one thoufand Seven hundred pqd ninety-feven, one other third on or before the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and oqe other third, on or before the twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, fhall receive fuch treafury biU or bills as aforefaid, bearing fuch intereft as aforefaid, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninsty-Seven} and every periba who (hall, after the (aid twentio}h day of J une, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fcven, pay at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any (urn towards railing the laid fum, (kail receive fuch treafuiy bill or bills Si aforefaid, bearing

fuch

Digitized by v^ooQle

iThe thirtyfeventb Tear of George III.

*7*

fuch intereft as aforefaid* from the time that fuch fum as he A. D. ihaQ fubfcribe for, lhall he pud as aforefaid.	<797*

VII.	And be it enaftca, That a treafury bill for one Chap, 31. hundred pounds, for every fum of ninety-two pounds, which fhafi be fo paid into the receipt of his Majcfty’s ex* Treafury bills chequer ; ftnd a treafury bill for fifty pounds, for every fum h««ih payable of forty-fix pounds, which (hall be fo paid into the receipt m * 7®*** of his Majefty’s exchequer, bearing an intereft at the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, on the fum therein mentioned, (hall be iffued by the proper officers of his Majefty’s treafury, fuch bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the fums to be refpeftively ipecified therein, and declaring the fame to be payable at the receipt of his Ma-jetty's exchequer, at the end of five years, from the date {hereof, and to bear intereft after the rate of fix pounds far centum per annum* and fuch bills (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreflion, where the common cxqefs or dif- v fcrence is to he one, until the whole (hall be numbered, beginning with the number one.

VIII.	And be it enafted, That upon ev*ry fuch treafury intereft pay* bill, there (hall be paid at the receipt of his Maiefty’q ex- able fialS-yeady. chequer, at the end of every fix calendar months, to the

pexion or perfons entitled to the fame, an intereft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum,, to commence from fuch time, as purfuant to the proyifioni of this aft,

(hall he {perilled therein, without any fee or charge, and free from *11 deductions whatfoever, until fuch time as the principal money therein, (haQ be paid \n one entire pay, ment.

IX.	And be it enafted. That every fuch bill fo to be if- snch bills to fued as aforefaid, (hall and may, at and after fuch time as be current at (ball be appointed for that purpofe therein, if not fooncr time* therein paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any HT0l<,ted* receiver or colleftor in this kingdom, of the cuftsrnn, ex-

cife, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kindom, for and in fatisfaftion of any cuftom, excise, revenue, aid or tax, pay, able to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflqrs, and (hall be taken, pafs, and be current at the receipt of bis Majefty’s exchequer, from every fiich receiver or colleftor, for or in refpeft of the cuftoms, excite, or any revenue, aid or tax, by him colle^ed or received, at or after fuch time as afore,' feid.

X.	And whereas fiia excellency the lord lieutenant of this-kingdom, on the eighth day ox May, pne thoufand feven hundred^ and ninety-feven, by a mefiage to the houfe of commons of this kingdom, declared, that his excellency was direfted by his Majefty to acquaint the (aid houfe, that his Majefty had recommended to the houfe of commons of Qrcat Britain, to confider of enabling him from time to

time,

Digitized by v^iOOQLe

17*,	Tie	thirty-Jivtnth	Tear	of	George	IIL

jjoojOooI to beraifea. w herein.

time, to make remittances, to be applied to hi* fervfce fit Ireland, in fuch manner a* (hall be approved by the parliament of this kingdom, to an ajnount not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds,’ pn provifion being made by the parliament of this kingdom, for defraying the intereft and charges of a loan to that amount $ an<f that Jn confequence thereof, a bcfolution was agreed to, by the houfe of commons of Great Britain, oh the fecond day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninetyfeven, for carrying his Majefty’* gracious recommendation into dfecl ; and two refutations of the faid houfe of commons of Great Britain, were laid before the houfe of commons of this kingdom, with the faid meflage, purporting that 3 fum not exceeding one^ million five hundred thoufand pounds, be . granted to nis Majefty, to enable his Majefty to make re-mittances from time to time, to be applied to nis fcrvice in this kingdom, in fuch manner as (hall be approved by the parliament of this kingdom, on provifion being made by; the faid parliament, for defraying the intcreft dnd charge*' of a loan to that amount; ana that the faid fom of ope! million five hundred thoufand pounds be raifejl by annuities |. and that every contributor to the faid fum of one million r five hundred thoufand pounds, fhould, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the prin- * cipal fun) of one hundred and twenty-five pounds ip Hpnui-ties, after the rate of three pounds per centum\ to tqpii menee from the fifth day of January, one thodfirnd hundred and ninety-feven, and alfo to the further priifcm*! fum of fifty pounds, in three pounds per centum, itduc&T annuities, to commence frqm the fifth day of April, one1 thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven; and alfo tothe further principal fuip of twenty pounds, in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per ceptvm, to commence from the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven; and that' every fuch contributor fhould likewife be entitled to an annuity of fix fhilliugs and (ix-pcnce per centum, to commericebrdi* the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred' and ninety-f(pven, and to continue for the term of fixty-two years and nine months, and then to ccafe, over and above* the principal fuma of one hundred.and Iwehty-fivc pounds, and fifty pounds, after the rate of three pounds per cewtum per annum9 and twenty pounds, after the rate of four pound* per centum per annum, in rcfpc& of every one hundred pounds* to be contributed and paid towards railing the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds r and that every contributor who fhquld pay in the whole of his or her contribution money* towards the faid fum of one million $ve hundred thousand pound?, at any time on Of before tkc feyenteemh day of November next, fhould b*

* *	allowed

The thirty fe^tmb Year tf Geofge 111.

allowed an fntereft by way of difcount, after tile rate of four pounds fir centum, per annum, on the fum fd completing his or her contribution, refpeftively, to be computed from the day of completing the fame, to the twenty-ninth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven; in order therefore to carry into effeft the pmrpofes of his Mincfty’s gracious meflage aforefaid, be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom, to receive* «rr caufe to be received at the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer in Ireland, frota the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury in England, as a further part of the faid fum of three million three hundred and ninety-five thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix pounds, all fuch fum and fums, not etxcecding the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pound?, jSrftifh currency, amounting in Irifh currency to the fum of one million fix hundred and twenty-five thoufand pounds, as (hall be paid by the commiflioners of his Majef-ty’s treafury in England, and the fame (hall be applied by the commiflioners of his Majefly's treafury in this kingdom* towards the feveral purpofe# for which the faid fupply granted to his Majcfty by the ft id recited aft, is thereby direfted to be applied.

XI.	And be it enafted, That out of all or any aids and duties appropriated to the payment of the intereft and charges of any fum or fums of money raifed by loan, in purfnarice of any aft or atfts oT parliaments in this kingdom, there (hall be paid in London, by half-yearly payments, yearly and every year,, until the faid loan (hall be redeemed and paid off in manner herein after mentioned, an intereft after the rate of fix pounds feven (hillings and fix pence, per ccn+ turn, per annum, for the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty-five thotlftnd pounds \ three pounds fifteen (hillings thereof, to Commence from the fifth dfcy of January, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feveri, and to be paid on every fifth day of July, and fifth day of 'January; and the remaining two pounds twelve (hillings and fix pence thereof, to eommerfee from the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feVen, and to be paid on every fifth day of Auguft, and every fifth (fey of April - XII. And in order to enable the commiflioners of hft Majefty’s ttetfory in Englafqd, to caufe the faid annuities to be rtgnkrly paid; he it enafted. That the commiflioners of his Mtrjefty*? treafdry in Ireland, (hall half-yearly, pre-tious to eaVh refpeftive fifty bn which the laid" annuities arc to be paid in Ehgtand, Hfue out of the: receipt of hisMa-jefty's Exchequer in this kWdom, and pay in London, to the comrarffionert of his Mayfly's treaffrt-y*tn "England, tie-amount of each half-yearly annuity, and of all charges attending the payment Qr management thereof.

XIII. And

An intereft of 61. 7a. 6d per cent (hall be paid for faid fum.

Com. of tm-fury in Ireland, to iffue annuities to com. in England, half-yearly, &c.

\

Digitized by Google

r

The thirty feventb Tear	GeorgellL

XIII.	And he it enafted that the commiffioners for the redu&ion of the national debt, (hall fet apart quarterly out -of the fund under their management, a fum after the rate of one pound nineteen (hillings and ten-pence by the year, for each one hundred pounds of the (aid fum of one mil. lion fix hundred and twenty-five thoufand pounds, to be applied by them in redeeming and paying oft the (hid fum, in manner following, that is to fay, they (hall apply quarterly, all monies fo fct apart, and alfo all dividends or annuities payable in refpc& of any principal or capital dock which they (hall purchafc by virtue of this a&, in the pur-chafe of redeemable publick annuities, or Britilh principal or capital dock, until they (hall have purchafed principal or capital dock of fuch annuities after the rate of three pounds bar centum, fer annum, to the amount of two million fix hundred and twenty-five thoufand pounds Britilh currency, and alfo further like dock of fuch annuities, after the' rate of four pounds ber centum fer annum, to the amount of three hundred thouland pounds like currency.

XIV.	And be it further eiia&ed, That whenever the faid commiffioners (hall have fo purchafed fuch dock to they (hall have	amount of two million fix hundred and twenty-

tt transferred, five thoufand pounds, and three hundred thoufand pounds, te.	refpe&ively,	they	(hall	caufe	the	fame to be transferred and

placed to the account of the comraiflioners appointed by a& of Parliament in Great Britain, for applying certain fnms of money annually, for the redudion of the national debt, and fuch transfer (hall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be a full redemption and repayment on tbc part of the commiffioners of the treafury of this kingdom, of the principal fum of the faid loan of one million five hundred thouland pounds Britifh currency.

Whan fuch XV. And h* it ena&ed, That from and after fuch trans-tnnfcr is made, fer being made, and all intereft and charges in refped there-P”*.111?6?. of, up to the date of fuch transfer, being fully paid, no town mail m farther fum (hall (hall be from thenceforward remitted or paid by the commiffioners of his Majcdy*s treafury on ac-ccount thereof, or of any filtered or charges thereon, ex-cept only a fum after the rate of fix (hillings and fix-pence Britifh ter annum9 for each one hundred pounds Britifh, of the laid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, which fum they (hall continue to pay in London, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury of Great Britain, in like manner by equal half-yearly payments on every fifth day of April, and fifth day of Augud yearly, duriug fo much of the term of fixty-two years: and nine months, to be computed from the fifth day of April lad, as (hall remain and be unexpired on the day on which fuch transfer (hall he Co made.

XVI.	And

C 1

When com.

Digitized by

Google

73* thirty fventb Year ef George lit

*7f

XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That a diftlnft and A. D. feparate account fhall be kept of all monies fet apart forp	<797*

received or applied by the laid commiffiooert by virtue of Chap. 5 a. this aft, and of all dividends or annuities on principal or capital {lock purchafed by them therewith in nke manner Diftiad seas is dire&cd by an a& palled this feffioQ of parliaipent, entitled. An 08 for vefiing a certain fund in cornmffioners, at * cga* the atui of every quarter of a yeart to be by them applied to the redmSion of the national debt, and to dirtS the application of additional funds, in cafe of future loans, to tne &be fnrpofc in refreQ to any now loam* and that all powers and authorities, regulations and provifions in the.laid ad, fhall be valid and efledual with re to the monies fet apart by

virtue of this ad, except fo a the fame are herein ex-prefaly varied, aa fully as if the &me were herein particularly re-cnaded.

XVIL And be it enaded. That the commifEoaers of his How com. at Majefty's treafury, fhall and may, with die consent and treafury may approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief gover- feifs fumhero* nor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, raife “*• by loan the remainder of the faid fum of three million three hundred and ninety-five thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix pounds, by iffue of-debentures or treafury bills, aided or not aided by a premium, or by annuities for certain terms of years, or for life, being granted with them, or by the * iale of annuities for one fife each, or for Certain terms of years, or by all or any of the wayr and means aforelaid, together or feparately, as fhall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom Tor the time being, every fuch debenture to carry fuch intereft not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and every fuch premium not to exceed eight pounds for every ninety-two pounds fubferibed, and every fuch annuity to. be granted in aid thereof, to be for fuch term of years, or for fuch life, and of fuch amount, and every annuity to be fold at fo many years purchafe and for fuch life, and all fuch intcrelt ana annuities feverally to commence from fuch times refpeftively as fhall be agreed upon by the lard lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or in fuch other manner as dull ba directed by parliament.

CHAP.

Digitized by

\

To 24 June, 1799* frc. 38 c. 3. xx.

Tt$ tiiriyfivfftti Ttat qfOforge tXl. CHAP. XXXIIL

An AB fir tofieBtrtg and feeuring ku Mfyjlj** Aevenmt ufim Malt.

all inalt-houfes by night and at herein.

FOR the better fecuring and colle&ing the duty or

venue payable upon malt, be it enacted, by the king's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and conferrt of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons in thin prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Revenue offi- fame. That every furveyor, fearcher, gauger, and waiter’ cers may enter in his Majefty’s revenue, and all other officers of cxcife, ffiall he permitted as well by night as as by day, but if in the night-time, in the prefence of a conftable, fub-confta-ble, or other peace officer, to enter| and (hall and may enter the houfe, malting-houfe, kiln; mil?, ftore> or other places belonging to, or made ufe of by any public maltfter, or maker of malt for fair, or by any perfon dealing in corn or malt, as a fa&or or ctherwifc, or common brewer, diMler, or vinegar-maker, making or ufing malt, or by any other perfon making malt, whofe malt-houfe (hall have been hcenfed as herein is dire&ed, and into any mill made ufe of by any public miller for grinding malt, aud to gauge all cifterns, utmg-vats, utenfils, or other veflels, and all (lores ufed by any roakfter, or maker of mak, or dealer in corn or malt as a fe&of or otherwife, or common brewer, diftifttr or vinegar-maker, for ftoring malt, or for wetting or fteoping corn or grain for making malt, and to gauge, measure, or weigh, and to take an account of the juft quantity of all malt found therein/ and of all com or grain which Ihall be found wetting or fteeping in any fuch uting-vat, uteofU or eiftem, or mall have been wetted or fteeped in "them, or arty of them for making malt, and (hall thereof •make a actum In'writing to the colle&or of the diftrift, or andleave copies. fuc^ perfon or perfon9 as the commiffioners of the reve-wuh maltlters, ntje ^ppo^t to receive the fame; and every fuch officer * is hereby -required to leave a true copy of fuch returu ia writing, Under hit hand, with every (uch perfon making malt, or at fuch houfe and malt-houfe, on pain of forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch negleft or omiiUon, and fuch report or return of fuch officer, (hall be a charge upon every iuch perfon refpedively} and if any perfon making or having malt in his or her poffedion, as aforefaid, whether - for fale or for private ufe, or the wife, fon, or daughter of .Tuch perfon, or any perfon employed as clerk, maltfter, or ftrvant at any malt-houfe, or other place, (hall obftrudt, or

not

t

Officers to make returns,

The tbirty-feventh Teat of George III.

not permit any officer to enter his or her houfc, or other place in manner herein mentioned, or (hall obftrudl, or not permit him to meafure, compute, or take an account of fuch malt, or to gauge all and every fuch uting-vats, utenfils* citterns, and other vefTels, or to gauge, and take an account of all corn or graftl in any fuch cittern, uting-vat, utenfil or other vefFel, or which fhall have been tteeped or wetted, and (hall be on a ay floor or other place, every fuch perfon. who, or whofe wife, fo», daughter, clerk, maltfter, or fervant as aforefaid, flnll fo obftrudt, or not permit fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds ; and that every perfon making malt for fale, or not for fale, (hall monthly, and every month, or within ten days after the expiration of fuch month, make a true return to the colle&or of the diftridl in which fuch perfon (hall refide, of all the malt made by him or her refpcc-tively, in fuch month.

II.	And be it ena&ed, That as often as any difference or difpute fhall arife between the perfon or perfons making pute* arife, to be malt, or haviug malt in his or her poffeffion, as aforefaid, decidcd45 he*** and the gauger or other officer of the revenue, repe&ing the amount of the charge made as aforefaid, the return or report fo made, fhall be verified by the oath of fuch gauger or other officer, to be made before one of the chief commif-fioners or fub-coramiffioners of excife, of the proper dittridt, who are hereby refpedtively authorifed to adminitter the fame, that the return or report fo made by him, was truly and fairly made to the beft of his fkill and knowledge; and fuch return or report fhall then be a charge on the perfon or perfons making malt, fo difputing the fame, and not otherwife.	\

II \ Provided always, That no perfon fhall be at liberty charged rmda to controvert any charge made by fuch gauger or other by officers ihaJl officer, unlefs he fhall objedt to the fame, within one month be objetfed to after fuch charge fhall have been made as aforefaid, fuch ob- w,th»nonc jeftion to be made in writing, and figned by the perfon fo momh> &c-making the fame, and to be delivered to the colledtor of the diftridt in which fuch charge fhall have been made as aforefaid, nor fhall it be neceffary for fuch gauger or other officer, to verify fuch charge by affidavit, unlefs fuch perfon ihall have made fuch return as aforefaid, of the malt made by him or her, or in his or her poffeffion, within the time hereinbefore for that purpofe mentioned.

IV.	Anti be it enadied, ^hat every maltfter, or maker of nut\et h* malt, fhall within one month after he, fhe or they fhall make, paj<i within e nd pr ought to have made fuch monthly return as aforefaid, pay month af:<.r to* and clear off all fuch duties as fhall be due from him, her, turn, &«. or them, refpettively* for and on account of fuch mailt by Vol. XI,	M	him.

When dif*

Penalty on perfons who do not make fuch returns and payments.

Maltfters whagive fecu-rity for duties may remove malt without producing receipts.

Maltfters, tcci fhall take out a licenfe.

Partners need not take out more than one licenfe for one houfe.

The tltrtyfevemh Yetr of George III.

fum, her, or them made, unlefs fuch malt (hall be foonet re* moved from the malt-houfe or place where the fame (halt have been made or kept, in which cafe the faid duties (hall be paid for all fuch malt as (hall he intended to be retnored before any permit for removing, carrying, or conveying the fame, (hall be granted.

V.	And be it enaded, That every maltfter or other per-fon, chargeable with the duty on malt, who (hall negled or refufe to make fuch return and payment refpedrvely, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence refpedively, the fum of fifty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the duty returned by the gauger or other officer, to be due by fuch maltfter or perfon making malt.

VI.	And be it enaded, That every maltfter who with two fufficient fureties to be approved of by the coliedor of the diftrid in which he refides, fhall have given fecurity by bond to his Majefty, which bond fuch coliedor is hereby authorized to take for his Majcfty’s ufc, for fuch reasonable fum as fuch coliedor (hall think proper, conditioned that fuch maltfter fhall duly pay the duty for all malt, for which he fhall be chargeable with duty, then it (hall and may be lawful for the proper officers of his Majefty’s revenue to grant permits for tne removal of malt from the malt-houfe or ftore-houfe of fuch maltfter, without fuch maltfter producing the receipt of the coliedor of the diftrid, for the duty of the malt to be removed.

VII.	And be it enaded, That every perfon making malt for fide, and eveiy brewer and diftiller making malt, fhall before he or (he fhall make any malt, take out a licenfe for fo doing from the coliedor of the diftrid in which he or fhe (hall refide, for every malt-houfe which fuch perfoo (hall keep, and pay to fuch coliedor the duty payable thereon; and if any pHrrfon making malt for fale, or any brewer or diftiller making malt, (hall make any malt without having taken out fuch licenfe, or without having a licenfe for that purpofe of force, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit twenty pounds.

VITI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That perfons in partnerfhip carrying on the bufincfs of making malt, fhall not be Obliged to take out more than one licenfe for one and the fame malt-houfe ; and that no one licenfe whicrffhall be granted by virtue of this ad, (hall authorize or empower any perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be granted, to make malt in any other malt-houfe or place than the malt-houfe which (hall be deferibed in fuch liccofe, and every fuch licenfe (hall continue of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year.

IX.	And

Digitized by L.OOQ I

The thirtyfeventh Tear of George III.

IX. And be it ena&ed, That the feYeral coDefton in this kingdom, (hall upon receipt of the duty payable upon any fuch licenfe, grant fuch licenfe under their refpe&ive hands, for each of which licenfes there (hall be taken by fuch collc&ors for their own ufe, a fee after the rate of one (hilling in the pound, of the duty payable on fuch Ucenfe, and no more, over and above the duty payable thereon.

Xi And be it ena&cd, That every perfon.making malt, who is by thir, aft required to take out' fuch licenfe as afore-faid, (hall every time he or (he (hall take out fuch licenfe, give a return or account in writing to the cofle&ot of the diftrift in which he or (he (hall refide, of his or her name

Colle&ors to grant licenfes.

Perfons taking licehfes,

(hall give accounts of names. Sec, penalty xok

and place of abode, and of the malt-houfe in refpe& of which he or (he (hall requite fuch licenfe* and of the fcveral deeps, citterns, uting-vats, utcnfils* and other velTels, and kilns, for making corn or grain therein, irito malt, or ufed by him or her, and of the feveral floors therein, or belonging to fuch malt-houfe, and the dimenfions thereof, fpecify-ing the number of fquaie feet which they contain, and the dimenfions of the feverai deeps or citterns therein, and the quantity of barley which each (hall be capable of containing, and alfo the feveral ftores to fuch perfons belonging, and any perfon who (hall make matt in any mak-houie, or in any kiln, without having given fuch return or account thereof in writing as aforeTaid, (hall for every time he or (he (hall fo offend, forfeit twenty pounds; and every colle&or who (hall receive fuch return or account, (hall remitter the fame without fee or reward in a book to be by him kept for that purpofe.

XI.	And be Jt ena&ed, Thafc4f the dimenfions of any . 5©1 penalty floor or floors in any malt-houfe, of which fuch return or ^ a, cx‘‘ account (hall have been fo made as aforefaid, (hall exceed £Cgng uncn* by eighty fquare feet the number of fquare feet which

(hall have been mentioned in fuch return or accpunt to be the dimenfions of any fuch floor or floors, the maltfter or petfon making fuch return, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons tate

(hall take out a licenfe for any malt-houfe in which the trade ing licenfe* for of a maltfter (hall not during the continuance of fuch li-	in„

ceofe be carried on in bis, her, or their own name or names, carrfed^nbv^ and for his, her, or their own foie benefit and advantage, them, forfeited, fuch licenfe (hall be void, and the perfon or perfons to whom

fuch licenfe (hall be granted, and every perfon int$refted in the profit of fuch malt-houfe, (hall refpe&vclytttfait the iiun of fifty pounds.

Ms	XIII.

i So

A. D.

‘797-

Chap. 33.

No licenfe* granted for raalt-houfct cre&ed fince IS Mar. 1786, unleffc deep*, floors, Arc. as herein dcicribcd.

✓

Maltfter* to keep rakes, penalty 10I.

Where floors of kilns are cohered with iron licenfe* maybe granted.

The tbirty-feventh Tear of George III.



XIII. And be it enabled, That no licenfe (hall be grant- I ed to any perfon to make malt in any malt-houfe, or other ! houfe, which fince the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou- ! fand feven hundred and eighty-fix, hath been, or which fhall be ere&ed for, or converted to the purpofe of making malt for file, or that fhall be crc&ed by any brewer or diftiHer, unlefs the fteep or ciftem therein, fhall be of dimenfions fuf-ficient to contain twenty-five barrels of barley at the leaft, nor unlefs fuch malt-houfe (hall contain after the rate of two thoufand fix hundred fquare feet of growing and dry fug floors, and three hundred and twenty-four fquare feet of kiln floors for every twenty-five barrels of barley which the fteep fhall be capable 0/ containing; nor fhall any licenfe be granted to make malt in any malt-houfe, unlefs there fhall be a fquare couch-frame for every fteep or ciftem therein of the depth of two feet at the ieaft, and not more than three feet, and capable of receiving the fame quantity of grain as the fteep or ciftern to which it belongs, nor unlefs luch couch-frame fhall be tonftru&ed of materials of fuch

ftrength as fhall be fufficient to preferve the dimenfions of ' fuch couch-frame, when charged with grain ; nor if fuch couch-frame, or any part thereof, (hall be conftru&cd of wood, unlefs fuch wood fhall be of the fubftance of one inch at leaft in thicknefs, and braced on the outfide, at every three feet in length, with a ledge of wood fix inches in breadth, and one inch thick 5 nor unlefs fuch couch-frame fhall be ere&ed, fixed, and fecured in fuch manner as that the officers of excife may take an area thereof; and if any licenfe fhall be granted to any fuch perfon for any malt-houfe, the fteep or ciftem in which fhall not be of the dimenfions aforefaid, oc which fhall not contain the refpe&ive numbers of fquare feet of growing and drying floors, and kiln-floors, after the rate afoiefaid, or iii which there fhall not be fuch couch-frame for every fteep or ciftern therein as aforefaid, fuch licenfe i3 hereby declar ed to be null and void, and the perfon making malt in fuch malt-houle, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XIV.	And be it ena&cd, That every maltfter or maker

of malt, fhall at his own expence keep in his malt-houfe convenient to his couch-frame, a rake or feraper fufficient to level the corn or grain therein, in order to enable the officers to gauge the fame accurately, and if any officer of excifc fhall not on demand on the perfon attending him, be fiimifh-ed with fuch rake or feraper, the perfon or perfons licenfed to make malt in fuch malt-houfe, fhall forfeit for every offence ten pounds.	'	,

XV.	Provided always, That, in all cafes where the flo< r of the kiln of any malt-houfe fo erected or converted to the

purpofe

Digitized by

Google

If no malt

The 'thirty-/rventh Tear of George IIL

purpofe of making malt, (hall be covered with iron wire, or iron plates, for the purpofe of making'or preparing malt for brewing porter, a licenfe may be granted to make malt therein, although it (hall not contain a number of fqqare feet of kiln floor, after the rate aforefaid, in cafe it (hall appear to the fatisfadlion of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, that the malt to be made therein, is tQ be ufed in brewing porter, and not otherwife.

XVI.	And be it enabled, That if no malt (hallbe made

for the fpnee of one year, from the twenty-ninth day of	St	^

September in any year, by virtue of a licenfe for that pur-	noliccnfc

pofe in any malt-houfe, the deep or cittern in which (hall granted.

not be of the dimenfion? aforelaid, or which (hall not contain the refpedive numbers of fquare feet of growing and drying floor$ aforefaid, fuch malt-houfe (hall be deemed a malt-houfe creded after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and no licenfe (hall afterwards be granted to any'perfon to make malt in fuch malt-houfc, unlefg the floor of the kiln therein (hall have been covered with iron wire, or irdn plates as aforefaid, and (hall appear to the fatisfadion of the faid commiffioners to be intended to be ufed for the purpofe of making malt for brewing porter.

XVII.	And be it enaded, That every perfon making Perfons may malt, (hall be deemed to be a malttter, or perfon making make malt for malt for fale, and (hall take out fuch licenfe as aforefaid, PrivAtc

and pay the duty payable thereon, unlefs it (hall appear tQ the fatisfadion of the fcolledor of the diftrid, that the ' raalt intended to be made, is to be ufed by fuch perfon for brewing beer and ale for his or her private ufe, and not for fale, in which cafe fuch colledor (hall by a licenfe authorize him or her to make malt for fuch purpofe only ; and if any perfon who (hall be fo liccnfed by any colledor, (hall fell any malt, or any beer or ale brewed by him or her, fuch licenle (hall be void,, and every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That where a licenfe (hall Perfons under

be taken out in the name of any perfon or perfons under	7ears of

the age of twenty-one years, every fuch perfon (hall be liable	10 duticf>

to the payment of all duty or duties of exeife, and of all C'

, penalties and forfeitures that may be incurred and become payable by this ad, and be fubjed to fuch regulations and reitridions as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch perfon or perfons wa3 or were of full age.

XIX.	And be it enaded. That all malt or grain, or corn All malt,grab whatfoever making, or to be made into malt, which (hall be &c- *ubjcc' to found in the malt-houfe, llore-houfe, or other tenement, of

any maker of malt, or of any perfon in poftefikm of any

fuch

Digitized by r'

Google

Officer* to

4boihels deemed a barrel.

The tbiriy-fexxntk Tear qf George III.

fuch malt-houfe, llore-houfe, or other tenement, (hall be fubjeft to, and chargeable with all and lingular the duties upon malt, which may be in arrear and owing as well for any malt which hath or (hall have been made hy any fuch maker of malt, as of any malt which bath been made, or (hall have been made within fuch malt-houfe at any time before fuch malt-houfe hath come, or ffiall have come to his or her poUefiion, and (hall alfo be fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures incuned by the perfoh or perfons who ufed fuch malt-houfe for any offence again ft this act, by not making* fuch returns, or paying fuch duties as aforefaid, and that it (hall be lawful in all cafes to levy all fuch debts and penalties as aforefaid, incurred under, and by virtue qf this a&, and to carry on fuch proceedings againft fuch malt, as it may be lawful to do in cafe the debtor or offender -W3S the true and real owner of the faid malt.

XX.	And be It ena&ed, That the officers of excifc for charge by gauge* the time being, (hall m^afure all corn or grain making into

malt, and charge the duty thereon by the gauge only

XXI.	And be it cna&ed, That every four buffiels of corn or grain making into malt taken by the gauge, lhall be deemed to be equal to a barrel of malt, for the purpofe of charging the duty thereon, fuch buffiel to be computed according to the bulbil known by the name of the Wincheftcr buffiel, containing eight gallons of two hundred and feventy-two cubical inches and a quarter each,

XXII.	And be it ena&cd, That every perfon making malt, or making corn or grain into malt, ffiall keep con-ftantly fixed in his or her malt-houfe, Hairs or fteps to every floor or other place belonging to every fuch malt-houfe, which ffiall be uted for keeping malt or corn, or grain making into malt, fufficlent to enable the officers of excife who (hall enter fuch malt-houfe at all times, to have eafy and convenient accefs to the feveral floors, ftpres, and other places belonging to every fuch malt-houfe, and lhall on demand of every fuch officer as aforefaid, made tp the owner of fuch malt-houfe, or to the perfon attending at fuck malt-houfe^ furniffi fuch officer with lights fufficient to enable him to view, gauge, and take an account of malt, and com and grain making into malt in fuch malt-houfe, and in every floor, ftore, or other place therein, or ffiall for every negleft or default in either of the faid cafes, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

No riftem,vat,	XXIII. And be it ena&cd, That no maltfter, or other

Ckc. lhall be let perfon making malt for falc, or not for fale, ffiall ere&, or

without notice	or	cn^arSc>	or mahe ufe of any cittern, uting-

Steps to be kept to nialt-fcoufe floor, Sec, and lights fur-nifhed, penalty

sob

as herein,

vat,

utenfil, or other veffel for the wetting or fteeping of corn, or grain to be made into malt, or any kiln, floor,

kxocm,

^ T&*tbirty~ftventh Tear 9/ George III,

room, or other place for making or keeping of malt, or keeping” off com, or grain making into malt, without firft iving notice in writing to the colledor of the diftrid, of is or ker intention to ered or fet up, alter, enlarge, or make ufe of fuch ciflern, uting-vat, utenfil, or other veflel, or fuch kiln, floor, room, or other place, or (hall keep or make ufe of any ciflern, uting-vat, utenfil, or other veflel for the wetting of his or th$ir corn, or grain making into malt, other than thofe which (hall have been mentioned to be made to the collector, and which fhall be openly known and made ufe of in his or her common malting-houfe, on pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch penalty ooL for ciflern, uting-vat, utenfil, or other veflel, kiln, floor, room, or other place fo ereded or fet up, altered, or enlarged, 8cc* without fuch notice as aforefaid, or kept private or concealed, or made ufe of without an account thereof, having been returned to the colledor.

XXIV.	And be it enaded, That if any malt, or corn, A|| majt or or grain making into malt, fhall be found in, or upon any grain, &c found kiln, floor, ftore, or other place, for making or keeping qf as herein, for-malt, or corn, or grain making into malt, an account of kited, and 40s. which fhall not have been returned to the colled or accord- P*1-barrel, ing to the provifions of this ad, or if any com whatfoever,

be found ftceping or wetted in any place, except in cifterns, ti ting-vats, or other wetting places, or utenflls, an account of which fhall have been returned to the colledor as afore-laid, or if any malt, or corn, or grain making into malt, fhall be found in any malt-houfe, not Ikenfed purfuant to the provifions of this ad, all fuch malt and com, together with the facks, bags, or veflels containing the fame, fhall be foifeited, and the owner or owners thereof, or the per-fon or perfons in whofc poffeffion the fame fhall be found, fhall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every barrel thereof.

XXV.	And be it cnaded, That if any corn or grain Corn found 1 fhall be found fteeping, or fteeped in any field or other fUeping as here-placc, except a ciitem in a licenfed malt-houfe, and proof in, forfeited, and thereof fhall be made to the fetisfadion of any juftice of 5* foriftpffence, the peace of the county where fuch offence fhall be com- ?r 0 nutted, all fuch corn or grain, and the bags containing the *

fuse, fhall be forfeited, and the owner thereof, and the occupier of the place in which the fame fhall be found, fhall forfeit for toe firft offence five (hillings, and for the (econd, andvevery othf r offence, five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of the (aid juiticc-JPCVJ. And be it enacted, That every maltller, or maker of mtdt,	malt-houfe	or	malt-houfes	fhall	be

fituated

Digffzed by

Google

i«4 A. D.

J 797-Chap. 33.

Malt ft era to give notice of wetting,fs herein,

ftol. penalty, &c.

thtriy-feventb Tear of Georgelll.

fituated in a city, or the fuburbs of a city, or in any market town, (hall at leaft twenty-four hours before he or (he (hall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give, or caufe to be given to the gauger of the walk in which fuch malt-boufe (hall be fituated, a notice in writing of the particular hour, or time of the day when he or (he intends to wet corn or grain to be made into malt, and every maltfter or maker of malt, whofe malt-houfe or malt-houfes (hall not be fituated in any city, or the fuburbs of a city, or in any market-town, (hall at leaft forty-eight hours before he or (he (hall begin to wet any corn or grain to be jnade into malt, give, or caufe to be given the like notice in writing ; and m cafe any fuch majtfter, or maker of malt, (hall not begin to wet his oy her com or grain, aryl immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water, at the hour or time mentioned in fuch notice, or within three hours after the expiration of fuch hour and time, then every fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, (hall be obliged to give a new apd like notice before he or (he (hall begin to wet any corn or grain; and that no maltfter or maker of malt (hall begin to wet any com or grain making into malt, except between the hours of four m the morning, and nine in the evening; and in cafe any maltfter or maker of malt (hall ncgle& or refufe to give fuch notice, or having given a notice which (hall. fo become void, (hall negleft or refufc to give a like notice, or having given (uch notice or notices, and begun to wet any com or grain in purfuance thereof, (hall negle&, or refufe immediately to cover the whole thereof with water, and to continue the fame fo covered for the full fpace of foity hours from its being firft wetted and covered, or (hall begin to wet any corn or grain at any other time than between the hours of four in. the .morning and nine in the evening, or if any maltfter, .or maker of malt*,* after the officer (hall have taken an account of the corn or grain fteeping in the ciftern or uting-vat, or other wetting-place, or utenfil, (hall add frefh corn or grain to the com or grain fo fteeping, every fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, offending in any of the fsdd cafes, (hall for every fuch offence refpe&ively, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; , and if any com or grain, makirig into malt, of the wetting of which, fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall not have been given, (hall be found in any malt-houfe, or on any floor, kiln, or other place belonging to-any makfter, or maker of malt, every fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, for eveij time fuch com or grain ffiaU be fpund, (hall forfeit the lum of twenty pounds.

XXVII. And whereas perfons making malt, have frequently removed out of their fteeps, citterns, orsUting-vats,

com

V

The thirty fevaith Tear of George III. #

corn or grain making into malt, of the wetting of which due notice hath been given, and replaced the fame with other corn or grain to be made into malt, without having given notice thereof, and have pretended that fuch corn hath been corn or grain, of the wetting of which they gave notice, and that it required a length of time to fteep the fame fufficiently : for the prevention whereof, be it ena&ed. That all corn or grain that (hall be found in any deep, cittern, or uting-vat, alter feventy-two Ijours from the hour mentioned in the notice herein before dir£&ed, to be given of the wetting of corn or grain to be made into malt, (hall be confidered as new corn or grain to be made into malt, and be charged with duty accordingly, and the perfon making the fame into malt, (hall forfeit the fura of twenty pounds.

XXVIII. And in order that the giving of notice of wetting corrt or grain to be made into malt, may be conduced with regularity, be it ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’s excife to caufe books to be provided, containing printed forms of notices to be given of wetting corn or grain to be made into malt, and fuch notice (hall (et foith the number of budiels of corn intended to be wetted, and the particular hour and time of the day when the fame is to be wetted, on each leaf of which book two forms of fuch notice, duplicates of each other, (hall be printed ; and every maltlter or maker of malt who (hall be furni(hed by any revenue officer with any fuch book, (hall every time he or (he (hall intend to give notice of wetting fuch corn or grain, infert in the blanks in fuch form of notice and in the duplicate thereof, fuch words as the form of fuch notice (hah require to render the (ame perfect, and after figning the fame, (hall cut off the outer-mott notice, and caufe the fame to be delivered to the officer to whom the notice of wetting fuch corn or grain is to be given, and prefeive the innermoft notice dr duplicate in tne faid book, with the blanks filled up in like manner with that delivered to fuch officer, and every fuch notice and duplicate thereof (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning at number one ; and if any corn or grain making into malt, (hall be found in any malt-houfe, or in any veffel or utenfil therein, the notice of wetting of which (hall not have been cut out of the faid book, and ferved on the officer of excife ; or if the fame (hall be cut out of the faid book, and fo ferved, and a duplicate thereof (halt not be kept in the faid book, or if the duplicate thereof in the faid book (hall not correfpond with the notice cut off the fame, then and in any of fuch cafes, fuch com cr grain (hall be deemed to be corn or grain making into malt wetted without

notice

Corn found in deep as herein, charged with duty as new, and 20I. foi feited.

Commiffioners to provide books of forms of notices, Sec. as herein, penalty aoL

igiti; m Google

i u

The thirty-feventh Tear of George IT I.

A* D. notice; and the maltfter or maker of malt in whofc ntah* 1797. houfe the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit thefum of twenty Chap. 33. pounds.

-v>— mJ XXIX. And be it ena&ed, That every fuch maltfter or Books of no* maker of malt, ftall cr.pftantly keep Yuch book of notices trees to bekept, in his, her, or their njalt-houfe, for the examination of every . penalty . 0(gccr Qf excife> and jf Gn	demand of any officer of excife,

at the malt-houfe of fuch	malt Her or maker of malt, the

faid book (hall not be produce^ to fuch officer, or if fuch officer (hall not be permitted, or (hall be prevented by any perfon to infpeft and examine the fame, fuch maltfter or maker of malt, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds,

Books,8cc.	XXX. And be it ena&ed, That every maltfter or maker

given quarterly of malt, who (hall bp furnifhed with fuch book of printed to colledors,	notices a* aforedaid, (hall	on every twenty-fifth day of

penalty ioh	March, twenty-fourth day	of June, twenty-ninth day of

September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after each of the faid days, deliver to fhe colle&or of the diftriSf in which his or her malt-honfe (hall be fituat-cd, the faid book, with all the forms of the notices therein ; and alfo the duplicates of all fuch notices as (hall have been cut from the faid book, and ferved as aforefaid, or in default thereof, (hall for every negleft, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXXI.	And whereas it is neceffary for the colle&ion of the duties on malt, that papers called fpcciraen papers, (hall be put up and preferved in every malt-houfe, in order that the officers of the revenue, whofc duty it is to vifit fuch malt-houfe, ftiould enter on fuch paper, their vifits at fuch malt-houfes refpedtively, and the gauges depending on fuch vifits; be it enabled, That every maltfter or maker of fix^cimen malt f°r fale, who (hall be fumifhed by any officer of the person*boards,* revenue, with any fuch fpecimen paper, (hall caufe the fame ^e. penalty zoL to be fixed on boards conveniently made for that purpofe, and (hall caufe fuch fpecimen paper fo fixed^ to be hung or put up in his or her malt-houfe, in the moft public and con-fpicuous place, and preferve and keep the fame fo put up, iit filch manner, that any officer 6f the revenue vifitirtg fuch malt-houfe, may view the fame, and make entries thereon j and if any fuch maltfter or maker of ntalt, (hall nof put up or keep and preferve fuch fpecimen1 paper iji' manneV herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted* he 1 r (he ihall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds. *

Dates of no* XXXII. And be it ena&ed, That every maltfter, or tices, and tiroes maker Gf malt, (hall, before he or (he (hall ferve any notice be ^fme5*in°	or her intention to wet any corn or grain, to be made

fpecimen papers, into malt, infert in writing in the laid fpecimen paper, the penalty sol,	date*

The thirly-fevcnth Tear *f George III.	*87

date of fuch notice, and the particular time mentioned A. D« therein for wetting the com or grainj together with the 1797. quantity thereof, to be welted, or in default thereof, the Chap. 33. corn or grain, of the notice of wetting of which, fuch intry

afore laid, fhall not be inserted in the faid lpecimen paper,

{hall be deemed corn, or grain wetted, to be made into malt without notice, and the maltfter, or maker of malt, in whole malt-houfe the fame fhall be found, (hall forfeit the’ fum of twenty pounds.

XXXIfl. And be it ena^ed. That every maker of malt 16 Biifbel* fof for fale, and every commoq brewer and diftiller making malt, every ao uting (hall, every time he or (he (hall Wet any corn or grain, (except j peas or beans) to1>e made into malt, be charged with duty, Charged each ibr not lefs than at the rate of fixteen bulhels, for every wetting, twenty bufhele of corn, which the uting-vat, ciftem, or Other veifcl, in which fuch corn (hall he wetted, (hall be capable of containing, and for as much more corn as (hall be put into fuch uting-vat, ciftem, or other vcfiel, over and above fixteen bulhels fdy every fuch twenty. 1

XXXIV.	Provided always, That fuch maltfter, (hall once At what tiara a month, or once in every five times, ib which he (hall wet tnaltftcr may corn or grain, to be made into malt, upon giving notice to

the gauger of the walk, and alfo to the furveyor of the fur-vcy, in which his malt-houfe is fituated, of the particular quantity which he mqms to wet, be at liberty to wet a quantity let’s than four-fifths of the contents of his ciftem: provided alfo, if fuch corn (hall not continue covered with water in the ciilern, uting-vat, or other veflel, for the full (pace of forty hours, before the water (hall be drawn from the lame, every fuch perfon making malt, (hall be charged with duty for fuch quantity of corn, as fuch uting-vat, cittern, or other veflel, (hall be capable of containing.

XXXV.	And be it ena&ed. That every' maltfter, or Maltftvtobe maker of malt for fale, and every brewer and diftiller making charged yearly plait, fhall, between the twenty-ninth day of September, with %4 barrels in every year, and twenty-ninth day of September, follow-

ing, be charged with, and pay duty of excife for a quantity working or dry* of malt, after the rate of twenty-four barrels for every one ing float* ' hundred fquare feet, of working or drying floor, or i(oois which each malt-houfe, for which he or (he (hall have taken out fuch licenfe as aforefaid, (hall contain, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity, and for as much more malt aa fuch maltfter, brewer, or diftiller, (hall make within the faid period; and if fuch maltfter, brewer, or diftiller, (hall not within the time aforefaid, a&ually wet fo much com op grain, to be made into malt, as (hall be equal to the quantity aforefaid, the' officer pf excife, (hall on the twenty-ninth -day of September, in every year, make a return to the col-kftor of &e diftrift, «*f aU fach quantity of malt, and of

the

jitizo^by GoogI

i88

A. D.

1797* Cliap. 33.

4 bufhels allowed for difference between wet and dry.

K© allowance if corn be not 40 hours in ftccp.

Corn thrown out of fteep to it raain 30 hours in a csuch frame, and 10 days on floors.

Tly thirtyfevenlh Tear of Gecrge III,

the duties thereon, as with the quantity comprized in the former returns of malt made by fuch maltfter, brewer, or diftiller, during the faid period, (hall amount to the full quantities for which fuch maltftfer, brewer, or diftiller, during the faid period, ought by law to be charged with duty, in refpeft of his or her federal working or drying floors, after the rate aforefaid, and fuch return (hall be a charge on fuch roaltfter, brewer, or diftiller, in the fame manner, as any Return of malt made by any maltftcr, brewer, or diftiller, is now by law made a charge, and every fuch maltfler, brewer and diftiller, (hall be dtemed to have made the quantities exprelkd in fuch return in the month, for which fuch return (hall be made, and (hall pay the duties appearing by fuch return, to have incurred at fuch time, as by law any malt-Her is required to pay the duties comprized in any return of malt made by him or her, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit, the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch default.

XXXVI.	And be it enabled, That out of every twenty bufhels, charged by any officer upon his gauge, an allowance of four bufhels (hall be made to the nuher of fuch malt charged in the uting-vat, ciftem, or ether veflel, wherein the lame (hall be found wetting, or fteeping, as aforefaid, or upon tne floor, within thirty hours ^ifter the fame (hall be thrown out of the uting-vat, ciftem, or other veflel, and out of every greater or lefs quantity, a proportionable allowance (hall be made, in confideration of the difference between the quantity of fuch corn when it is wet, and the quantity thereof, when it is converted into dry malt, anything herein contained to the contrary rotwithftai.ding.

XXXVII.	Provided always, That if any maltfter, or maker of malt, (hall not wet or fteep his or her barley, or other corn or grain in the ciftern, uting-vat, or other veflel, fo as the fame (hall be covered with water, and continue fo covered in fuch ciftern, for the full fpace of forty hours, before he (hall draw the water from the fame, fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, (hall not be entitled to the allowance aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	And be it eua&ed, That if any com or grain, making into malt, (hall not, immediately after the lame (hall be thrown out of any deep or ciftem, be put into a.couch-frame, and there remain thirty houre at leaft,« or if fuch corn or grain be put on the kiln, before the fame (hall have remained on the floor or floors, for the full fpace of ten days, from the aforefaid time it ought to remain in the couch-frame, then and in cither of the faid cafes, the maltfter, or maker of malt, in whofc malt-honfe fuch corn or grain (hall not have remained the aforefaid refpe&ive times m the couch-frame, or on the floor or floors, (hall for every

time

■*' ’

Corn to b«

The thirty frvmth Tear of George IIT.

time fucli com or grain ihall not fo remain, forfeit the fum of five pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it enabled, That if any corn, or grain making into malt, fhall not have been put on the kiln within twenty-four days from the day fuch corn or grain was wetted, or from the day which fhall be mentioned in the notice for Piu/!n *t,in the wetting thereof, all fuch com or grain fhall be confidered as new corn or grain making into malt, and the maltfter or	*

maker of malt, m whofe malt-houfe the fame fhall be f^und, fhall be charged with duty for the fame, after the rate of fixteen bufhels for every twenty-five bufhels the fame fhall amount to, and fuch corn fhall be deemed to be wetted without notice, and fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XL*. And be it enacted, That out of every twenty bufhels	Allowance for

of com,f or grain making into malt, which fhall be charged « guagtd by any officer of excife upon his gauge, if fuch gauge mall be taken on the floor, wfthin the fpa^e of twenty-two hours * after the time fuch corn or grain was, or ought to have been thrown out of the couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding five bufhels fhall be made, and out of every twenty-one bufhels of fuch com or grain, which fhall be charged by any officer of excife upon his gauge, if fuch gauge fhall be taken on the floor, after the Jpace of feventy-tvvo hours, and within the fpace of one hundred and twenty hours, after the time fuch com or grain was, or ought to have been thrown out of the couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding fev^i bufhels fhall be made, and out of every twenty bufhels of fuch com or grain, which fhall be charged by any officer of excifii upon his gauge, if fuch gauge fhall be taken on the floor, after the fpace of one hundred and twenty hours, from the time fuch corn or grain was, or ought to have'beeu thrown out of the couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding ten bufhels, fhall be made.

XLI. And be it cna<fred, That if any maltfter, or maker iol.'nrr :ty of malt, fhall tread, prefs, or orherwife force, together in f°r ' ;c‘ the cittern, uting-vatj or couch-fiame, any corn fteeping er ^rin c.Jvri.«, fleeped, in order to be made into malt, every fuch maliTler,1 or maker of malt, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XLII. And be it enabled. That if any device or means ' 3ol. r ' y fhall be ufed, by which any fuch officer fhall or may be pre-	:

vented from mcafuring the true depth of com in any fteep, v^t'urin-Vu in. cittern, or other titenftl belonging to any malt-houfe, or in ?n fle:p. any part of fuch fteep, cittern, or utchfil,. the maltfter* or -maker of malt, in whofe malt-haufe fuch device ot means fhall have been ufed, fhall for every time the fame fhall have been praftifed, forfeit the fum of thirty pounds.

XL.HI. And

\

Digitized by UooQle

The thirtyfcventh Tear of George III.

XLIII. And be it ena&ed, Th^t no maltfter, or maker of malt, (hall mix, or caufe to be mixed* his or her com or

frain of one wetting or fteeping, or any part thereof, with is or her corn, or grain making into malt of a former wetting or fteeping, or any part thereof, or (hall mix* or caufe to be mixed, any of his or her couches or floors, or any part thereof, with any corn, or grain of a former wetting or fteeping, or any part thereof, before the lame ftiall be put on tIn kiln for drying, and that no maltfter, or maker of malt, or other perfon whatfoever, ftiall mix, or caufe to be mixed, any unmalted corn or grain with malt made of any corn or grain whatfoever, or mall fell, or expofe to dale, any fuch mixtures refpe&ively, as aforeftud, on pain of forfeiting in every fuch cafe the fum of ten polinds, for every fuch offence refpe&ively.

XLIV* And be it enacted, That if any maltfter, or maker of malt, or other perfon, ftiall hide,or conceal,/or caufe, or who hide, &c. permit, or fuffer to be hidden or concealed, any malt within of UTnZ ^18* ^cr* or ^eir mah-houfe, or in any ftore thereto belonging, or fhalt fraudulently convey away, of caufe, or permit, or fuffer to be conveyed away, malt out of his or her, or their malt-houfcs, or (lores, from the view of any gauger, or other officer, or caufe, or procure or permit, or Fuffer to be conveyed away from the ciitem, or uting-vat, or other wetting place, or utenfil, any fteeping, of part of any fteeping of corn, or grain making into malt, or (hall mix fuch com or grain making into malt, or fuch com or grain fo conveyed a Way* with or among ft any couch, or couches, floor, or floors, *of other corn, or grain making into malt, which are then in operation, and which (hall have been gauged or charged with duty, or if any maltfter, or maker of malt, (hall fraudulently convey away, or caufe oi* procure, or permit, or fuffer to be conveyed away from the ciftera, uting-vat, or other wetting place, any fteeping, or ~~ part of any fteeping of corn or grain making into malt, fo that no gauge of fuch com or grain fo conveyed away can be taken by the officer ; and if any perfon (nail harbour* hide or conceal any malt or com, or grain making into malt* then and in each of the faid cafes, every fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, or other perfon fo offending* (hall for every fuch offence refpe&ively forfeft the fum of forty pounds; and all fuch malt, or com, or grain making into malt, with all bags and facks containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized ; and if any perfon having malt in his or her poffeffion, (hall not on demand made of any ftich officer, as aforefaid, (hew all the malt or corn, or grain making into malt, in his or her poffeffion, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of forty pounds For every time he (hall fo conceal or

not

id penalty on mixing grain, Sit,

4«1. penalty on tnaltfttrs

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

tiot {hew fuch rpalt or corn, or grain making into malt* and all malt or corn or grain making into malt, which (hall not be fo (hewn, or {haU be fo concealed, {hall be forfeited and may be feized.

XL.V. And be it ena&ed, That if after the duty on anf malt (hall have been paid by, or charged on any maltfter, or maker of malt, or other perfon having malt in his or their pofleffion, any quantity of fuch malt, {hall by inevitable accident happen to be damaged or deftroyed, it {hall and may be lawful for the rtfpe&ive proprietors of fuch malt, to make fuch proof thereof, on the oath of one or more credible witnefe or witneffes, before the principal officer of excife, in the refpe&ive diftri&s where fuch malt was damaged or deftroyed, which oath every fuch officer is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and upon fuch proof, or other proof being made to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and like proof that the malt was entirely loft or deftroyed, or fo damaged as to be totally unfit for ufe, and that the duty thereof was charged or paid, as the cafe (hall be, it fhall and may be lawful for them to pay or allow to the proprietor, or proprietors of fuch malt, out of any money in the hands of any collc&or, not appropriated to any particular purpofe, fo much money as {hall have been charged or paid for the duty of the malt To loft or deftroyed, or damaged, or to vacate the charge as, to fo much of the duties as {hall have been charged only and *ot paid.	•

XLVI. Provided always, That all malt not entirely loft or deftroyed, but only damaged as aforefaid, (hall before fuch payment or allowance by the commiffioners, be deftroyed or otherwise difpofed of, by order of the faid com-mjflioners.

XLVII. Provided alfo, That if any perfon (hall defraud t^Majefty, his heirs or fucceftovs, by receiving from any colle&or of his Maiefty’s revenue, any fum of money upon jpretence of fuch lots or damage by him fuftained, or by having the charge of any duties allowed, or vacated upon any fuch pretence, where no fuch lof9 or damage (hall have been fuftained, then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, for every five pounds which fuch perfon {hall fraudulently receive, be allowed for, or which fuch charge {hall be vacated, and fo in proportion for any greater or lels fum.

XLVIII. And be it ena&ed, That all malt whatfoever, which (hall be found conveying or carrying by land, or by water, from any one part of this kingdom, to any other part thereof, or on any carriage or beaft, or on board any boat or other refiel, and all lacks or bags containing the fame,

together

Damaged malt, for which duty has been paid, dtc. 'Jury allowed to malt-ftcr.

MaV damaged to be de* droved by ca>o» mifii oners.

iool. for every 5I, fr. u-duicntly received f *ieitcd.

All con veying without permit to be forfeited, , „ &c. a? herein.

Digitized by

What fhftll be infertcd in permits.

Milt not removed according to permit.

io*. per barrel forfeited.

Malt exceeding permit more than x barrel in 20, forfeited.

Collectors receipts, to be produced before officers grant permit.

The thirty feventb Tear of George III.

together with the carriage or draft, and all tackle therein ta belonging, and the boric or bead drawing the fame, or carrying fuch malt, (hall be forfeited j and in cafe of convey* ance by water, the (hip, boat, or other veffel, conveying or containing the fame, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel, (hall alfo be forfeited, unlefs a permit for the conveyance of fuch malf, under the hand of the proper officer, (hall on demand of any officer of excife, be produced for the fame) and that every porter or carman, or mailer or perfon having charge of cart, carriage or bead, (hip, boat or other vend, carrying* conveying, or containing fuch malt, (hall forfeit the fiun pf five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, (hall fuffer three months imprifontnent.

XLIX. And be it ena£led, That every permit for conveying of malt, (hall contain the real name and fur-name, or names and fumames, and place of abpde of the perfon or perfons (ending fuch malt, and of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fent, and the true quantity thereof, and the real name and fur-name of the perfon who made fuch malt, and was charged with the duty thereof, and the time when the duty which had been charged thereon was paid, and (hall fpecify the time it (hall be in force, and alfo lhall contain fuch other particulars, as (hall be dire&ed from time to time, by the commiflioners of the revenue; and every permit in which there (hall be any erafure oi alteration, (hall be null and void.

L. And be it enabled, That if any perfpn (hall procure a permit for the removal of malt, to any perfon, and fuch malt (hall not be brought from the perfon or place exprefled in the permit, or lhall not be delivered to fuch perfon at the place exprefled in fuch permit, to which the malt is to be conveyed, every fuch permit (hall be void, and every perfon procuring fuch permit, (hall, for every offence, forfeit the lum of ten (hillings for every barrel of malt mentioned in fuch permit. •

Li. And be it enabled, That if the quantity of malt conveying by virtue of any permit produced to prote£l the fome, (hall exceed the quantity exprefled in fuch permit, by a greater proportion than after the rate of one barrel for every twenty barrels which (hall be fo exprefled in fuch

Eermit, the whole quantity fo conveying, together with the icks and bags containing the fome, (hall be forfeited and feized.

LII. And be it enabled, That no officer of the revenue (hall grant any permit for the removal of any malt, from the roalt-houfe or (lores of any maltfler or maker of malt, unlefs fuch maltfler or maker of malt, (hall produce to fuck officer, the receipt of the colleftor of the diftridl in which

fuch

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*The ibirty-feventb Tear of George HI.

fuob malt flail have been made, for the duty of fuch malty or a- certificate of the colle&or that fuch maltller hath executed fuch bond as herein before m ntioned, for fecur-ing the duties of malt made by him or her, nor unlefs fuch makfter or maker of malt (hall permit fuch officer to en-dorfe on fuch receipt the quantity of malt for which fuch permit is required, and the date of fuch permit, and every fuch officer is hereby iequired to make fuch endorfement accordingly.

JL11L And whereas from the cuftom of millers retaining a certain portion or toll of malt fent to be ground at their mills, ay a compenfation for grinding malt, the payment of the duty for the fame, cannot be ascertained in the fame manner as other malt* and it is reafonable to provide for the prote&ion thereof; be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of his Mnjefly’s revenue, authorized to grant permits for the removal of malt, to grant permits for the removal of any fuch toll malt, from any mill, fuch permit expreffing that fuch malt is toH-maIt, and the mill at which it was taken ; provided that the miller requiring fuch permit, or his principal fervant or manager in fuch mill, (hall make oath, which oath any fuch officer is hereby dire&ed and empowered to ackamkter, that tlit whole of the malt for which fuch permmis demanded, confifts of malt taken as toll, for grinding malt at fuph mill, and that the feveral parcels of malt, from which fuch toil-malt was taken, was brought to fuch mill by virtue of regular permits granted for that purpofe ; and every fuch permit (hall be as effectual for any purpofe for which a permit is neceffary, as any permit for any other malt; and no malt at any mill (hall be liable to feizure on account of a permit for the fame not being produced on demand thereof, by any officer of the revenue; provided that the miller, or his principal fervant or manager at fuch mill, (hail make fuch proof upon oath as aforefaid.

f-.IV. And be.it ena&ed, That if any malt exceeding in the whole, the quantity of fix ftones, (hall. be conveyed by land or by water, from place to place, within this kingdom, or (hall be found on any carriage or bead, or on board any boat or other velfel, and that there (hall not be marked on the out fide of every fack or other package containing fuch malt, on both (ides thereof, and at or near the middle of fuch facks, or other packages, the word. Malt, in black roman letters, not lefs than three inches in length, or if any part of any fuch fack or pacl^ge, on which the word Malt (hall be fo (lamped and marked, or if the uppermoil fack or package where there (hall be more facks or packages than Vow XI.	N	one>

Permit* may be granted for toll-malt from mills, as herein.

Packages of malt exceeding 6 (loncs to be marked a* here-

Digitized by



Tht thirty-frocnth Tear of Gporgc III.

Permit* to be lodged with furveyor as Herein directed.

Mall found, Ac. without a certificate, fhall he forfeited.

cm-, on the fame carriage, or in the fame boat or veflef* fhall not be placed fo as to appear in public view, without altering the pofition of fuch fact or other package, then and in every fuch cafe, all fuch malt, with the facks or packages containing the fame, and alfo the bead and carriage, or boat or veffel contain tf*g, carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all tackle thereto reipcdively belonging, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized.

TV. And be it enabled, That in all cafes where by law n permit for carrying malt from one place to another is required, and fuch permit fhall be Hfocd or taken out, the owner pr other perfon or perfons to whom fuch malt fhall be fold* configned or fent, fhall either within twenty*four hour?, or it* pafe a Sunday, Chriftina9 Cay, orGood Friday, fhall intervene* then m forty-eight hours alter the arrival of foch malt, tft the place to which it fhall have been fent or dive&cd, or within twenty-four hours* or 'forty-tight hours refpr&fvely* as the cafe fhall happen, as aforefaid, after the expiration of the time limited in fuch permit, repair to the furveyor, or pther officer of excifo. at foch place, with fuch permit, and lodge the fame with hifti, and fuch furv^yor, or other officer of exdfr, fhaH thereupon repair to the place where fuel* malt fhall then be^ apd fhaH then and there compare the ‘lame with the contents of fucb permit* and fhaH take fuel* permit from, the owner or other perfon having charge of the fame, and upon oath made by the perfon or peifons to whoti* fuch malt fhall have been fent, which oath' fuch forveyoiy gauger, or gaugers, are hereby refpe&ively• authorized tu adminifter, thajt the mah mentioned in fuch permit, was* really and truly brought from the place mentioned in fuel* permit, by virtue and in pursuance thereof fuch furveyor Or gauger foal!, without fee or reward, forthwith give to the perfon i‘o bringing foch permit, a cert*i$cate figned by fuel* officer, that fuch permit was lodged with him, which certificate fhaH' contain a copy of fuel* permit, without crafure oir interlineation, a^d the day of granting fuch certilic. te, and which c rtilicate fhall be deemed* take n, and allowed to be of the fame etteft, as fuch permit for every purpofe for which fuch permit might be ufed, bad not the fame beta lodged with fuch officer m manner herein dire&ed.

LVT. And be. it cna&ed^ That if any malt be found in the poffeffion of any perfon> or perfons, after the fpacc of' twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hours refjpc6h*v<ely, as aforefaid, from the arrival of fuch malt, and from the expiration of the time limited in the permif, by which fuch malt was conveyed, the fame fhaH: be forfeited unlefs fuch perfon fhall have obtained, and fhall* produce Juch certificate as is herein, before directed, and that it fhall and may be lawful for any

office^

Digitized by

Google

Tb* thirty-fevtnth Tear of George III.

officer of hi* Majefty’s revenue, to feize fuch malt, together with the facks in which the fame (hall be contained.

LVII. And be it enaCtcd, That it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, entering purfaant to the provifions herein contained, into the houfes, out-houfet, mills, ftore-houfcs, or other place* whatfoever, herein mentioned, to demand a permit, figned by the proper officer, for all malt that (hall be found therein, except fuch malt as (hall be made by the maltfter or maker of malt, in whofe public or licenfed (lores the feme (hall be found; and if on demand made by fuch officer as aforefaid, no permit for fuch malt figned as by this a& is dirc&ed, or fuch certificate thereof, attefled by the proper officer, (hall1 be produced within a rcafonable time after fuch demand, unlefs proof (hall be made to fuch officer, that a permit or certificate had been granted for the feme, and was afterwards loft or miflaid, then all fuch malt (hall be deemed and taken to be unlawfully made, and (hall be forfeited as fuch, together with the fecks in which the feme (hall be contained, and'the fame may be feized, and every perfon in whole pofleifion any malt (hail be found, without fuch permit or certificate, and without fuch proof made as aforefaid, (hall for every barrel of fuch malt lo found in his or her pofieffion, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings.

LvIII. And be it ena&ed, That every brewer and dif-tfller who (hall make malt, (hall keep in his or her (tores, all malt made by him or her, feparate and diftinCt from malt made by any other perfon, to the end that the officers of the revenue may be the better enabled to keep the accounts of each dock, and to grant permits for the feme, and that every brewer or diftiller, m whofe (lores any malt made by him or her, (hall be found mixed with any malt made by any other perfon, or not kept feparate and diftinCt, (hall for every time fuch malt (hall be fo foun I, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

L1X. And be it enaCted, That cveiy brewer or drftOllcr,

. who (hall remove any Quantity of malt from any kiln, houfe, ftore, or other place belonging to him, into his or her brewery or diftillery, (hall obtain a permit, figned by the proper officer for fuch removal, whether fuch malt (hall have been made by fuch brewer or diftiller, or purchafed from any other perfon ; and for every fuch permit the fum of one penny, and no more, (hall be paid, and if any Quantity of malt,, ground or onground, whether the fame (ball be made by fuch brewer or diftiller, or purchafed from another perfon, and whether in a date of manufacturing* into beer, ale, or fpirits or not, (hall be found in any brewery or diftillery, and fuch permit figned by the proper officer for removing the fame into fuck N z	brewery

Officers may demand permits or certificates,' except as herein; malt may be feized, ami aos. per barrel forfeited.

Brewers and diftiller* to keep malt made by themfelves feparate from malt made by others, penalty sol.

Brewers and diftiller* to obtain permits, as herein; mal (hall be forfeit r *

and 40I.

i

Digitized

tized by Google

<udl JKTir ir* to he delivered within 24*hourt, penalty aol.

Officer* to ktep accounts with malt factors, fire, as herein.

barrel* as herein feized, and aol. forfeited.

Officers to keep accounts of permits for malt to and from dealers, fcc a9 heicin.

Perfons dealing in malt to furnifh officer?, ficc. as herein, penalty 2olp

The thirty-/event h Tear of George III.

brewery or did illery, (half not^ on demand of any officer of excife, or withip a reafonable time after fuch demand be produced, or proof made to Inch officer, that fuch permit had been granted, aod that the fame was afterward? loll or mif-laid, all fuch malt (hall be copfidered as malt which Had not paid duty, and fliall be forfeited, and the perfon in whofe pofleffion it (hall be found, (hull forfeit the fum of forty pounds ; and pvery fuch permit (kail be delivered to the officer of excife, wjtlun twenty-four hours after the time for which the fame (hajl be of force* or the brewer or diftJHcr not fo delivering the (ame, (hall forfeit for every negtc$, twenty pounds.

LX. And be it enabled, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feveq hundred and ninetv-feven, an account (hall be taken, and kept by the officers of excife 6f the (look of malt of every fa&or, and other perfon dealing in or ftoring malt, and of every brewer and diltiller* and that every fuch perfon (hall, before Jie (hall receive any malt into his pofleffion, give an account in writing* to the colle&orof the diftri& in which he (hall refide, of aD (lores or places intended to be ufed by 1pm for keeping or ftoring malt, &nd a description of the fituation thereof, and (hall caufe to be painted with an oil colour, in black or white, on the door bf every fuch place, in letters and figures at lead three inches high, the word “ malt ftore,M and the number thereofj and if any malt exceeding the quantity of two barrels, (hall be found in any (lore of any fuch perfon, as aforefaid, of which fuch an account, as aforefaia, (hall not have been given, pr upon the door pf which luch letters and figures, as aforefaid, (hall not have been painted ; all malt found in any fuch (lores (hall be forfeited, and may be feized* and the perfon in wliofe ftores the fame (hall be fonnd, fliall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds-

LX I. And be it enabled, That the officers of excife (ball keep books, in which an account of all malt permitted to any deafer, and an account of all permits for the rerpoval of malt from fuch dealer in malt fliall tyc entered, and whenever any greater quantity of malt (hall be found in the pofleKion of any dealer in mait, than by filch entries, fuch dealer in malt ought to have in his or her pofleffion, all fuch increased qvnntity (hall be forfeited, and be feized by any officer of excife, and the perfon in whofe poffeflion the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit for evfcry barrel thereof ten (hillings.

LXI1. And for the better enabling of thd officets of excife to keep an account of. tfie (lock of malt of fa&ors, and other perfons dealing in and ftoring malt, and of brewers and diftillers, be it enabled, That if any fuch perfon, as aforefaid, (hall not on demand of any oHicer'of exciTe, not oftner

than

Digitized by

Google

*Thc thirty•feyentb Tear qf George 1JL

than once in any month, fumifh filch officer with a (ufficient number of peribns provided with (hovels, or other fufficient* inftruments for levelling the malt therein, and caufe them to level the fame, fo as to enable the officers to take a correct gauge thereof, every fuch'perfon {hall for every fuch offence forfeit the Turn of twenty founds.

LXIf I. And be it enaded, That in every cafe where the 15# (hallbe Hock of malt in the (lores of any maltftcr, fador, or,dealer forfeited for in malt, brewer or dilliller, (hall be lefs than the quantity of tvejy barrel of malt which by the (lock account kept by fuch officer of the malt of fuch perfon or perfbns, he, (he, or they ought to have in his, her, or their (lores, every fuch perfon for every time fuch decreafe (hall appear, (hall forfeit the fum of fifteen (hillings for every barrel which (hall be deficient d£ the quan* tity which by the dock-book or account kept by fuch oflU cer, fuch maltfter or deaferin malt, brewer or dilliller ought to have in his, her, or their poffeffion.

LX IV. And be it enaded, That it (hall not be lawful to to*, penalty make malt of wheat dr oats, and that all wheat and oats per barrel on making' into mall, and all malted wheat arid oats mixed or nwk mixed, and unmixed, with any other corn or grain ground.or Ungiound [y,

(hall be forfeited, and may be feifeed- by arty juftice of the d^ftillc^ ° peace,1 or any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, and the perfon or periods in whofc cudody the fame (hall be found, (nail forfeit ten Ihillings for every barrel fo found, which (hall be ' given to the informer or profecutor, and the malt fo fci2ed fiiall be fold to a llcenfed dilliller, and no other perfon.

LXV. Provided always. That the monies arifing by the Mon*y ariGng fale of any malt, or of Com Or grain making into malt, and from Tale of ’ of the facks in which the fame mall be contained, which by milt, 8cc. feised, any of the provifions of this aft, (hall be forfeited, (hall go (ball goto offi-to the officers refpedively, who (hall have feized the. fsme, ^^ deducing for the ufe df his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors	barrel,

thereout, two (hOlmgs and fix pence for every barrel fo forfeited over and above the duty chargeable thereon, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

LXVI. And be it further enaded, That all and every the gnei> fines, penalties, and forfeitures infiided by this ad, other recovered at than and except fuch as are by this ad otherwise provided herein, for, (hall and may b£ fued for, recovered, levied, ‘ and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with (uch powers and authorities as are prescribed, di-reded, and appointed, in and by an ad of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majcfty Charles the fecond, entitled, An ait feir the fettling of the excife or new impoft upon Bis ~Majefly9 his heirs and fucceffors, according to the loot of rates therein in-fried, or by any other la** w laws relative to his Ma-

Digitized by v^ooQle

rgS

Tn force to

^iju*c,X79k

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

jeftyVrevenue of excife, as fully and effedually to all intents, conftrudions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particubrly mentioned and exprefled, and re-enaded in this ad, with like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parties who (hall think him, ner, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the (aid ad of excife, or any other law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife is provided.

LXV II. And be it cnaded, That this ad (hall continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, oue thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fdfion of parliament, aud no longer.

CHAP. XXXIV.

Amended 38 q jfn jq jor fa governing and managing the Houfe of Iff c	du/lry9 for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin.

IN order the better to conduce to the well-governing and managing of the houfe of induftry, under the diredion of the Corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, aud commons in this prefentparliamcnt aflem-JVTember* of bled, and by the authority of the lame, That as foon after incctTdccl^nd ^	this	ad, as conveniently may be, publick no-

coofc 7 t0£t *** oe given, requiring all members of the (aid corpo-^ovcnior* until ration to meet at the (aid houfe of induftry, in the time 1 May, 1798, therein to be mentioned, to tied proper perfons to be go-*c*	vemors	of the dud houfe; and the members of the faid cor-

poration who (hall be then and there aflembled, (hall choofe by ballot, feven proper perfons members of the (aid corporation, tt> be adiug governors of the faid houfe, until the hid day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, ami fuch (even perfons as (hall on fuch ballot appear „ to have the great*ft. number of votes, (hall, during the faid term, be governors of the faid houfe, and they or any three or more of them, (hall, during the faid term, have the foie ordering, direding, and managing of the faid houfe, and all matters and things relating to or concerning the fame.

Governors to	II. And be it enaded, That yearly and every year, be-

hr chofenan-	tween thfc find and tenth days of April, the (aid corporation

’ifta--nd'«oth<en	"tanner	meet	and	choofe by ballot out of the

members of the faid corporation, feven proper perfons to be governors of the faid houfe for one year, from the firft

The tbirly-fcvtntb Tear bf George III.	199

day* of May following, and fuch perfonsas (hall be fo ek£b» A* D. cd, oY any three or more of them, (hall, during fuch year, 1797. have the like foie ordering, dire&ing, and managing of the faid houfe, and all matters and things relating to or concern* ing the fame.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon wfio (hall be	*r

fo ele&ed, (hall for the fpace of one calendar month, be , *n^thTt»-abfent from fuch meeting of the (aid governors, as (hall be font. See ano-had within Xuch month, unlefs prevented by Gckueff. or fuch ther chofen. other caufe as (hall appear reafonable, to fuch of the governors as (hall attend at fuch meetings, fuch caufe to be in-ferted in the minutes of their proceedings, every fuch perfon (hall be incapable of being a governor for the remainder » of the Cam? year, and the faid corporation (hall, from time to time, as often as it (hall fo happen, forthwith proceed to ele& in manner afor faid another member of the laid corporation to be a governor of the faid houfe, for the remainder of the faid year, in the (lead of the perfon fo rendered incapable of a£ling as a governor of the faid houfe*

CHAP. XXXV,

An A8to amend an Aft peffed in the Thirty-fixth Tear of Hit prefent Maje/ly's Reign, Entitled, An Aft for the Amendment of Pub tick Roads, for directing the Power of Grand Juries refpefting Preferments, and for Repeating fevcral Laws heretofore made for thofe Purpofes with refpeft to Roads through Bogs.

WHEREAS it is neceilary to amend an a& of parliament made in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An aft for the amendment of publick roads, for direfting the power of grand juries refpefting preferments, and for repealing fevered laws heretofore made for thofe purpofes, fo far as the lame relates to affidavits of overfeers of roads through bogs, for accounting for m^nty laid out in making or repairing fuch roads, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, aod commons in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That in all affidavit required by the faid adt, to	a l-cx-atiou 1

be fwom by overfeers, in order to entitle them to payment for making or repairing any road palling through a tradl of <>ith of ovw* bog, inftead of the words, “ that it is fate and level through- feer*, 6cc. out the whole of the faid width for carriages to pafs and ret-pafs on,” the words following (hall be inkrted; “ and that

'	’	the

i

*Tht tbirty-fiventh Tear of George III.

the faid perches are made or repaired (as the cafe may be)' through a trafl of hog.”

II.	And whereas by faid recited a£l, grand juries are Grand iuries empowered to prefent any fums of money as then were or auyprcfcnt at any time Thereafter fhouldbc unpaid or in art-ear, out of arrcars^sh^in* barony or half-barony, or county of a city or town : And whereas doubts hare arifen whether fuch provrfions extends to borough towns, or towns corporate, be it enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any grand jury to prefent any films of money which now are, edr hereafter (hail be in arrear, out of any borough town or town corporate, in' like manner, and fubjc& to the fame rules and regulations as arc by faid acf preferibed with refpe6t to the recovery of arrears, out of baroniq* or half-baronies* counties of cities or towns.

C H A P. XXXVI.

An Aft to prevent the vexatiods impounding of Cattle for Tref-pafs or Damage-Feaftnt, and for the more effeftual preferring of Mean and Fences.

W'

Wien cattle are diftiained, Arc arefident

HEREAS injuries are frequently fuftained by vexatious impounding of cattle for trefpats or damage* feafant, for the remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by a»d with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame* That whenever any cattle, bead or bcafts, (hall by diftpained for trefpafsor damage-feafant, it fhall and m%y be jufticemay fum- lawful for any juftite of the peace rtrfrding in the parifh inon parties,Sec. where fuch dillrefs 11 all be taken, or in any parifh imraedi-as her cur.	ately adjoining thereto, upon complaint being made theteof,

to fumraon within twenty-four hours the parties concerned before him, and to require each party to name one landholder refiding in fuch parifh, or in fomepaiifh immediately adjoining thereto, as arbitrators to appraife aud value the damage done, and fuch arbitrators, or one of them, in cafe the other (hall refufe to concur m twentyTfour hours, may name any third perfon as umpire, which perfon fo appointed, fhall proceed to value the damage done, and (htfll make a true award according to the bed, or their (kill and judgment upon oath, which oath fpeh juflice is authorized and required to adminitter, and (hall certify the fame under their hands to fuch jufticc of the peace, who, upon receipt of fuch certificate) fhall iffue an order under his hand and feal

to

Digitized by

Google'

ttedwtrfevuab Temr $f Qcaagc HI.

to the poanddtoeper* dr.other perfon .in jwhafc cuftudy fuA cattle, bcait or beafta* may be, to deliver the fame to the owner upon being paid the Aim £o awarded* together Avith the ufaal fees which footpound* keeper is by law or quftoa entitled to demand.

II.	provided always* That if the parties concerned /hall

agree to appoint one land-holder* .aaaforfi&dd, as arbitrator to value the damage done* <it fhajl and may be lawful for fiich jufti«c of the peaoe to^make fuoh order, and upon receiving the award of fuob arbitrator, nestiikd under his hand.	*	:	•

III.	And be At «furtber jcua&od, That U any penfon or perfons at whofe fuk fuoh -diftrefs (hall have been taken* (hall refute-or negleff to obey fuch fumroons* or to appoint fuch arbitrator as required, fuch juft ice of the peace may proceed^ to hear thu crude in ia foramaiy manner, and may order fooh cattle, 'head or beads* to be delivered to the owner* paying the ^poHadkecper (be ufual and accuftomad fees. *

IV.	And-be it further enabled. That if any pound-keeper* or otlicr perfon in whofe cuftody fuch cattle* beaft or beafts fhall be* (hall refute or-negk£*o deliver up fuoh cattle, beaft-or beads* upon being Xervedwith fuch order, and being tendered the fum therein fpecified* together with the tifual fees, he, .(he, or they* (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of foe pounds* <to be levied by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or-their- goods and chattels* by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace ,fqr the county in which foch offence (hall be committed* for the uTe -of the county infirmary.

V.	And be it further enabled* That if any fwine* not having an iron ring or ftaple in tire nofe, (hall be impounded -for trefpafs or damagc-feafaot, the per (on or perfons owning fuch fwine .fhall be liable to pay-treble the value of the damage done by fuch fwine, which the aforefaid arbitrators, or arbitrators and-umpire* as the cafe (hall happen* (hall award, accordingly.

VI.	Provided always* and be it enabled, That nothing herein contained (hall extend* or he con (trued-to extend to authorize or iinpower any-juftice of the peace to iffue any order* 'as aforefaid* if it fhall appear that fuch cattle* beaft or beads, were did rained for the purpofo of afoertaining the title-to-any land ordands.

VI I. And whereas many trefpaffcs happen in confcqusnce of the insufficiency of mears and fences of lands ; be k en-a&ed by the ^authority aforefaid* That if it (hlllappaar to any proprietor* occupier* or tenant-of any lands within this kingdom* that the mean and fences between his* her* or

their

If parties aj* point I arbitrator, juftice may make order on hii award.

Negle&ing to obey Jumraont, 6c c. juftice may proceed, as herein.

Pound-1 4>er refilling to obey* forfeit 5I. toco, infirmary.

Owners of

fwine impounded as herein, ftull pay treble the damages awarded.

Juftice not to iffue fuch order as herein.

When complaint is made to

a juftice, &c. he may fummon the parties as herein.

The ttikrtyfeventh Tear of George III.

theur lands, and tike lands next adjoining thereto, are infuffi-cient, and that he, (he, or they (hall be defirous of repairing the feme, and (hall complain thereof to auy judice of tlie peace, as afore feid, it (hall and may be lawful for fochjuf-tice of the peace to fummon the proprietor or proprietors, occupier or occupiers, tenant or tenants of foch adjoining lands, and to require him, her, or them, with the perfon or perfous fo complaining, to appoiut arbitrators as afore-feid, (and fuch arbitrators or one of them, in cafe the other (hall refufe to concur in twenty-four hours may appoint an umpire) to ascertain the (late of fuch mcars and fences which arbitrators and umpire, tefpe&ively, (hall be fwom to do judice between the parties to the tyed of their (kill and judgment (which oath foch judice of tlie peace is hereby authorized to adminiiler); and if foch perfous fo appointed, (hall find that fuch fences are infofficient, they (hall alfo clii-mate what him of money will be neccfiary efFe&ually to repair the ferns and alfo what proportion thereof ought to be |&id by each party, refpe&ivcly, and they (hall certify the lame to foch judice, who upon the receipt of. foch certificate may iuue an or der to each party to repair fuch inears and fences dating in fuch order the proportion of expence that each patty is to be at in repairing the feme; and if cither pally Ihall refufe, or for the fpacc of three months negle& to tepair his her, or their proportion of fuch mcars or fences then, and in foch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the piUty who (hall be willing fo to do, to proceed to repair the whole of fuch mcars or fences and the party having refufed or ncgle&cd, as afoicfeid, (hall pay to the perfon or perfons who (hall have repaired the feme, or who (hall have caufedthe feme to be repaired, foch proportion of tlie cxpencc of repairing them as foch arbitrators ftiall have certified focli perfon or perfons ought to have.paid towards repairing the feme; to be recovered by civil bill, in manner as dnecled by an a£fc palled in the thiny-fixth'year of bis prefent Majedy's rergn, entitled, An ad for the better and more convenient ad-minijlration of juftice> and for the recovery of fmail debts in a fumrrutry way, at the fejjtons of the peace of the fevered counties at huge within the kingdom, wept the county of Hub/m, and for continuing and amending an ad, entitled. An ad for the Utter execution of the law mid preservation of the peace withm the counties at large, with double cods pi o vide d foch fum does not exceed in the w hole the fum of ten pounds $ and provided alfo, that foch fom (hall not exceed the rate of nine pe^cc by the perch, for each and every perch fo to be re-paited, and that the feme (hall appear to have been really and iotta jfcli expended, and to be a jud and reafonable charge.

; V1H. And

Tie thlriy-fiwnth Tear of George IIL	*0$

Till. And be it ena&ed, That any perfon refuting Jar A.' D. negle&ing to repair fuch mears and fences as aforefaid, (hall 1797. have no remedy for any involuntary* trefpafs committed by Chap. 36. the cattle of the proprietor, occupier, or tenant of any \**^r^*J neighbouring lands, for any trefpafs on his, her, or thd'r No remedy lands, occafioncd by his, her, or their default in me iding, for trdusffeton preferring, or keeping up his, her, or tlieir part of fuch mears or fences, (and the arbitrator or arbitrators, as afore- my?rf Taid, (hall award accordingly.

IX.	And whereas the tenant or occupier of fuch lands Tenant* at who (hall be obliged by this act to repair fuch mears and will (hall he il-fences, or to pay for the fame, may be only tenant at will or l°wcd fo much fufferance, be it further enacted. That every perfon or per-fona compellable by this a& to repair fuch mears or fences, . or to. pay for the fame, who (hall be only tenant at will or fufferance, at the time he (hall be fo compelled, then and in fuch cafe, fuch tenant (hall be, and is hereby empowered to deduct out of the rent due to his, her, or their landlord,	,

what be, (he, or. they (hall have fo laid out, expended or paid, and fuch landlord (hall and is hereby required to allow the fame, fuch tenant firft proving on oath before fome justice of the peace for the county where fuch lands lie,

(which oath fuch jufticc is hereby empowered to admi-nifter) what (he, he, or they fo laid out, expended or paid ; provided fuch fum does not exceed in the whole the fun which the arbitrators as aforefaid, awarded, that fuch perfon or perfons ought to pay towards repairing fuch mears or fences.

X. Provided always. That nothing herein contained.	Not to avoid

Jhall exteud, or be conftrued to extend to avoid any cove- covenant* bc-siants or coutra&s made between landlord and tenant for landlord fencing, ditching, draining, or encloting lands.	an tenant'

XI.	And be it cna&ed. That if any perfon (hall think perfon* ag-himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the determination qf fuch grieved, may juftice of the peace, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch per- *PPeal 10 nntt fon to appeal to the next fdHons of the peace for the fcffioni* county, town, or city in which fuch diitrefs was taken;

aud the iuftices of the peace at fuch feffiont, may affirm or reverfe the order of fuch juitice of the peace, with fuch eofts as they (hall think proper, which deciiion (hall be final between the parties to all intents and purpofes; and that no writ of certiorari, or other writ or procefs, (hall be allowed for removal of fuch proceedings into any of his Majeity’s fuperior courts of record. ’

XIL Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That no magi- No feet to (Irate (hall take any fee for any thing which he (hall do by magiftrate*. virtue of this a&.

3

CHAP.

CHAP. XXXVII.

'	The	UA

A. D.

is AS far amending an AS faffed in this Kingdom, in /&f Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of His frefctU Mqjejtj, Entitled, An AS far ereSing Parochial Cbafch of Eaje> in Pa-rj/hes of large Extent^ and making fab C(afe/s, and thofe foot are already ereSed fezfetuaT Cures, end for making a proper Pronnfion far the Maintenance <f perpetual Curves to officiate in the fame, and alfa in like Manner for making appropriate Parjjhes perpetual Cures.

ftedtt! xi &	HEREAS	by-the faid aft .paffed in this kingdom,

UO.3.	V*	in	the eleventh and twelfth year! pf the reign of

his prefeat Majefty, it is amongft other things enacted, That fuch churches and chapels as ia the laid aft mentioned, (hall not be crefted before the bounds of the refpeftive diftrifts' which (ball belong to the cure of each of (aid new churches or chapels (hall be afeertained: And whereas it has fome-rimes happened in exteidivc and populous parilhes, that new churches and chapels hav£>been erefted for the accojnmoda-tion of the inhabitants of fuch parilhes who live at a great didanee from the parifh church, before the bounds of any diftrift or diftrifts which-(hall Wong to the cure of fuch new churches or chapels refpeftively .have been ascertained, fo that fuch new churches or chapels ate likely to fall into ruin" and decay, in as much as no dillrifts have been afeertained, and as the uw now (lands, cannot be afeertained, liable to be afiefled or charged with the repairs pf the faid churches and chapcks refpeftively 5 for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament ^fTcmbled, and by the arch-biflicps or authority of the fame, That it (hall and may he lawful to tilhepf may af- and for the archbifhop of the diocefe, or the biftiop, as the ceruiii the cafe may happen, under their atchiepifcopal or epifcopal feals, with the confent of the incumbent of the parifh in which to church; » or any fuch new church or chapel may have been erefted before chspih.	the	bounds of fuch dillrift as Ihould belong to the cure of

fuch parifh, had been afeertained, under his hand 3nd feal, to afeertain the bounds of the dillrift which (hall belong to the cure ef fuch new church or chapel, in the fame manner ns is preferibed by &kl aft,, which diftrift fo afeertained, and fuch new church or chapel fhall be futyeft to all the provilions and charges, and entitled to aU the privileges and

advantages

Digitized by

Google

■J

The thirty fe&ntl Teat of George III.

advantages fpecially provided and fjpetified by, And contained in the laid aft, in refpeft to diftrifts afccKained before die building and crefting of fuch new churches or chapels, and in refpeft to ftich new churches and chapels in the laid aft mentioned, to all jitents and purpofes whatsoever.

CHAP. XXXVI1L

An AB to explain an Ad faffed in the Tbiriyfixth Tear of Hit Majefly's Reign, Entitled, yin Ad rttore effdually to f*f~ frets Infurrediontj and prevent the Difturvance tf the fub-Jici Peace.

WHEREAS by an aft pafled in the thirty-Cxth year Amended Jtid of the reign of his prefeiu Majefty, it is among continued to other things enafted, That within three days after any county, or part of a county lhall, as therein direfted, be 2i. *	*	*'

by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of this kingdom, proclaimed to be in a Hate of difturbance, or in immediate danger of becoming fo, or as foon after as may be, a petty fcfiion of the peace lhall be held within filch county, as therein direfted, and that^ theiu dices of the peace aflem-blcd at fuch petty feflions, mall nave power to adjourn from time to time, and place to place, as they lhall find convenient, until the general feflions of the peace, or fofne adjournment thereof, lhall be held next after the firft meeting of fuch petty felflon, and the juftices lhall, at the firft petty feflion to be held by virtue of the Taid aft, order and airtft a notification figned by them, to be made throughout the diflrift fo proclaimed, that fuch diftrift has been fo proclaimed, and commanding the inhabitants to keep within their dwellings at all unfeafonable hours, between funfet and funrife, and warning them of the penalties to which k edn-	'

trary conduft will expofe them, and the feid juftices lhall caufe fuch notification to be dillributed throughout fuch proclaimed diftrift, and to be fixed up in fomc confpicuotis place in all towns and villages within fuch diftrift, by thfe confta-bles of the county, or fuch other perfons as they may think lit to appoint lor the purpofe: And whereas in .one or more cotinty or comities which, or parts of which have been proclaimed to" be in a Hate of diflmbance, or in immediate danger of becoming fo, the juftices afTemblcd tft fuch firft 'petty feflions as aforefhid,, have by order direfted a notification to be ihade as aforefaid, and fuch notifications have been made by the clerk of the peace,

and

2*6	The tbiripjeventh Tear ef George 111.

A. D. and dcobts are entertained whether fuch notification 1797. or notifictions have been jweil made purfuant to the laid Chap. 38. Sift, from whence much inconvenience and litigation may arife, for remedy whereof, and to remove fuch doubts, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common# in this prefent parliament afttmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch notifications made or to be made in parfuance of the order of the juft ices, pr majority of the juftices aflembled at fuch petty (elfions, and in all other refpefb conformable to the faid a& of parliament, ftiall be deemed good and effcftual to every purpofe whatfoever, if the fame have been or (hall be made by the clerk of the peace, by any printed or written notice to which his name (hall be affixed, printed, or written, though the fame have not been or (hall not be figned by any juftice of the peace, and that no a& or a&s done or to be done in any county proclaimed, or to be proclaimed in pur-fuance of the faid act, (hall be void or voidable, merely bc-caufe fuch notification had not been or (hall not be figned by the juftices of the peace at £uch petty feffions, provided the fame was ordered by fuch juftices at fuch feflions to be made, and was made by the clerk of the place by their order.

No profecn- II. And be it further enacted, That no profecution, tion or fuit fuit, action, or attachment (hall be commenced or carried mind juftices, on again# any juftice of the peace, (heriff, conftable, or **	other perfon for or on account of any thing done purfuant

to the faid act, in other refpects merely on the giound that fuch notification had not been figoed by the juftices of the peace, or a majority of fuch juftices aflembled at fuch petty ledions.

III.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be eoniirued to extend, to avoid any adjudications heretofore actually made upon any appeals binought purfuant to the (aid act.

Proclaimati< n$ IV. And be it further enacted. That all proclamations Jhaf^bc^onctt- w^,c^ have been heretofore iffued, or (hall hereafter be if-five evidence in fued under the faid tecited act, by the lord lieutenant or civil and crimi* other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and aal courts.	with the advice of his Majefty’s privy council, or the Dub*

tin Gazette, importing to contain a copy of fuch proclamations refpectively, (hall be deemed and taken to be, and. (hall be coaclufive evidence in all courts of civil or criminal jurif-dictioa in this kingdom, of all fuch facts as were or (halt be neceflary to authorize the iffuing of fuch proclamations, as aforefaid, and. every fuch proclamation ftiall be deemeefc

andi

Digitized by



The thirtyfevetub Tear of George Ilf.

and taken in all fn«h conm refpec lively, to hare been iffo-ed in conformity to the feveral provrflons of the faid recited act.

V.	And to obviate doubts touching the adminifteriug or All oath* or taking unlawful oaths, be it declared and enaeted, That all oaths or engagements whatfoever, importing to bind the J£»aatl»n **£. perfon taking or fobferibing the fame, to be of any affoci- nnJawinloattel ation, brotherhood, fociety, committee or confederacy whatfoever, are unlawful oaths, and engagements within the faid recited act, and that any perfons who by virtue of the faid recited act, have for talcing or adminiftering fach oaths, or for any other offences been or (hall be ordered to ferve on board his Majefty’s fleet, may by the warrant of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, be ordered to ferve in his Majefty's land forces, and that the perfon* fo ordered to ferve in the land forces, (hall not be liable to 'be fent as feamen on board the fleet, but fhall be detained hi cuftody until fent to join the regiment in which they (hail be ordered to ferre.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An AO for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have aQed Jinee the F'trjl Day of January, One thoufand jeven hundred and ninetyfeven, for the Prefervation of the Public Peace 9 and Supprejjion of the Infurre&ions prevailing in fome Parts of thu Kingdom,

WHEREAS fince the firft day of January, one thou- Preamble.

(and feven hundred and ninety-feven, feveral parts v of this kingdom have been diilurbed by treafonable infurre&ions, and daring outrages, againft the public peace, and the lives and properties of many peaceable and faithful fub-jeets have been deftniyed, and feveral of his Majefty’s justices of the peace, and other ofilcers and perfons iu order to preferve the public peace, the lives and properties of his Majefty’s faithful fubjects, and to fupprefs and put an end to fuch infunrections, have apprehended fereral criminal# and perfons, fufpected of aiding and affixing in the faid in-furrections, and of promoting riot and tumults, and of harbouring evil defigns his Majefty’s government, and fazed arms, and entered into the houfes and poileflions of (Several perfons, and done divers other acts not juftifiabk by law^ but which were yet fo much for the public fervice, and fo neceflary for the fuppreffing of fuch infurrections, and for

the



igitized by CjOCK^Ic

A. D. *797*

AH^h'ow, Sort*, &c. lor «paeur» done fence I Jan. 1797» ** herein.

The thnrtyfeventh Year of George HK

the prefervution of the public peace, tlurt the perfon* by whom they were tranfaetedf ought to be indemnified ; lie it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the idvice and oonfent ofttas lord* fpiritoal and temporal, and common a in this psebnt parliament ailcmbled, ai^d by the authority of the feme* That all pcrfonal a&ions, fuits, indift merits, informations, attachments, moleftations, profecutions and proceedings whatever* judgments and orders, if any be, again# the feid magitt rates and perfons* for or by rcafon of any matter or thing* commanded* appointed, ordone fince the ftrft day of January, in tire year one thoufand feroi hundred and nioety-kvei), in, order to ftipprefs the feid mfuite&ioas# amlfe>r the prafenutio* of the public peace, or for the fafety of the ftate* (hall be dif-ebarged and made void; and that every perfon by whom any inch a&, matter or thing, (hall have bees adviied, commanded, appointed* of done for the pprpofes afore fa id, fence thefrrft day of January* in the year on<? ihoufeud fr-▼en hundred and ninety-feven, fhall be freed, acqaiuwi, and indemnified, as well agair.lt the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fucccfTors, as again ^ ail and every other perfon and perfons; and that? if arty protection, action or fuit, hath been, or (hall be commenced or profecuted, again ft any perfon, for any fuch adt, matter or thing, fo advifed, com-iharided, rtppoint^d or done for the pnrpofea aforefeid* or dtfy of them, he or (he may pi sad the general ifTne,. and give this a6t9 dud the fpfeiat manfcv in evidence; shk! if the plaintiff of plaintiffs (hall bVcblHT non-fair, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difrontinnance \ or if a verdi& pafs again# fnch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhaH recover his, her, or their double Coifs, for which he, (be, or they fhatl have the like remedy,, as ia cafes in which cofta by law Are given to defendants.

CHAP. XL.

To 24 Jure, jfn jq ffc brfter Prevention and Ptwi/bment of Attempts Tx %.C **	10	fiduce	Perfons firming in His Maptly * Forces *bj Sea or

Land frtifn weir Duty and Allegiance to His Majefrr or to tritite them tb Mutiny Or Difobedumce^

Preamble. ^Tf/HEREAS divers wicked and evil difpofed perfoos, * ^ !rjr the publication of written or printed papers* afld by rnah'tious and advifed fpeaking, have of late indui-trioufly endeavoured to feduee perfons ferving in hia Ma-

jefty*»

Google ,,

Digitized by

*fke thirty-ft vttiih Tear of George III.

jetty’s forces by Tea and land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majefty, and to incite them to mutiny and dif-obedience ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiii-. tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Came, That from and after the paffing of thL aft, any perfon who (hall malici-oufly and advifedly endeavour to feduce any perfon or per-fons ferving in his Majefty’s forces by fea or land, from his or their duty and allegiance to his Majefty, or to incite, or ftir up any fuch perfon or perfons to commit any aft of jfhutiny, or to make, or endeavour to make any mutinous affembly, or to commit any traiterous or mutinous praftice whatfoever, (hall, on being legally convifted of fuch offence, be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death* as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any offence committed againft this aft, whether committed on the high Teas, or within this kingdom, (hall and may be profecuted and tried before any court of Oyer and Tei miner, or gaol delivery for any county in this kingdom, in fuch manner and form, as if the faid offence had been therein committed.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted, That any perfon who fhall be tried and acquitted, or convifted of any offence againft this aft, fhall not be Ha-ble to be mdifted, profecuted, or tried again for the fame offence or faft as high tre^fon, or mifprifion of high trea-fon, and that nothing in this aft contained, fhall be con-(trued to extend to prevent any perfons guilty of any offence againft this aft, and who fhall not be tried for the fame, as Bn offence againft this aft, from being tried for the fame fes high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafoit, in fuch manner, a3 if this aft had not beeu made.

IV7, And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall continue and be in force, until the expiration of two months after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

209

Perfons convicted of reducing the King's fesmen, &c. (hall fuffer death*

Offences com* mitted at fea, may be tried at Oyer and Terminer in Ireland.

Perfons tried under ehisaft, (hall not be tried again fo* fame offences.

Yton. XI.

0

c ii a f,

A. D.

'*797'' Chap. 41

The thirty faventh Year of George III.

CHAP. XLII.

Tn 24 Jure*

fv c. 38 G. 3. 6^.

iin j43 for regulating and extending the Tolaceo Trade, and for /c uring the Duties payable upon the Inport and Mcr.u-failure of 7 obaceo.

Preamble.

Duty of 4d. per pound on Tobacco.

Where land-ed, &C. duty paid ; pi dm tty 5 b per hogt-hcad.

Tobacco to be warehoused when bond is executed.

Proprietors to pay cxpencr«, dec.

FOR the better fecuring of hi? Majefty’s revenue on tobacco, and for regulating the tobacco trade, and extending the fame, by allowing importers of tobacco, to lodge their tobacco in warehoufes,^and to have time for the payment of the duty thereon ; be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with tht advice and eonfent of the h us fpiritua]' and temporal, and commons in thi*3 prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every importer of tobacco, (hall and may fe-cuit a duty, after the rate of four-pence for every pound weight thereof, in manner following ; that is to fay, he or {he {hall give bond for the amount of the import duty, then payable thereon ; fnch bond to be made payable at the end of fifteen moutlis, to commence from the date of fuch bond.

II. Provided always, That where tobacco fhall be landed on bill of view, the importer or owner of fuch tobacco, flinil, within ten working days, after the landing of fuch tobacco* make entry thereof, and pay the duty for the (ame, or enter into bond for the payment thereof, in manner herein dire&ed, and in failure thereof, every fuch per-fon (ball forfeit the fum of five pounds, for every hogfnead of fuch tobacco, which {hall not be entered, and for which the duty {hall not have been paid or ftcurcd a9 aforefaid, over and above the duties payable on fuch tobacco.

III. And be it ena&ed, That upon fuch bond being executed, the commiffioners or principal officers of the revenue, at the rcfpe&ive ports, {hall caufe all fuch tobacco to be warehoufed in the ufual manner $ and the proprietor or proprietors of fuch tobacco, or his or their fervants, {hall have freeaccefs into fuch warehoufes at all times within the ufui.l burs of difehar^e ; and the proper officer or officers is and are hereby required to attend without fee; and all tobacco fo warehoufed, {hall be charged and pay fuch duty as aforefaid, according to the net weight thereof, at the time when (uch tobacco (hall be delivered out of fuch {lores.

IV. And be it enadVed, That the proprietor or proprietors of fuch tobacco* {hall lefpcdlively pay all the expenfes

incurred

Digitized by



*The thirlyfcventh Year of George I IT.

Jruurre'J by unflnppiig or conveying any tobacco from the Hi ps importing the fame, to the warehoufes in which the fame tobacco is to be depofited as afore fa id, or in conveying the tobacco from fuch warehoufes, to and on board the (hips in which the fame (hall be exported to foreign parts, except the charges of paying the revenue officers, under v.hofe care fuch tobacco (hall be fo conveyed, either from the ffiip to the warchoufe on importation, or from the ware-houfe to the (hip on exportation, any law or ufage to the contrary liotwithilanding.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That the proprietors of tobacco fo to be brought as aforefaid, to the warehoufes, (hall be at the expenfe of dripping or faking the hogfheads in which the tobacco fhall be fo imported, from the tobacco, before the fame fhall be fo weighed.

VI.	And be it cna&ed, That in cafe any tobacco which fl ail have been entered, and the duty thereupon paid or fe-curcd in manner aforefaid, fhall be exported from this kingdom, the exporter (hall, upon the exportation thereof, within three years from the importation, on producing a proper debenture to be made out for that purpofe, be paid, or allowed to draw back the whole net duty, adually paid at, or after the importation of fuch quantity fo exported ; or in cafe any fuch tobacco fhall be exported within the time afortfaid, by the perfon or perfons who (hall li^vc entered into bond, and fuch bqnd (hall not have been dif-chr.rged, fuch perfon or ptrfons fo exporting fuch tobacco, (hall have the bond vacated, or allowance made by entry on the back of Inch bond, for fuch quantity of tobacco as (hallbte fo exported, as the cafe (hall be ; and every perfon or perfons fo exporting, (hall, at the taking out of a permit for any fveh tobacco to be exported as aforefaid, make oath before the proper officer of the revenue, to be appointed and empowered to ad mini Her oaths, that he or (he is the real proprietor of fuch tobacco, and is really the exporter thereof.

VII.	And be it enabled, That if the proprietor or proprietors of fuch tobacco,, as (hall be fo lodged in warehoufes, (hall not within the fpace of fifteen months, by payment of the duties fo bonded for, or by debentures upon exportation of fuch tobacco, difeharge his or their obligations, and that the tobacco, or any part thereof, (ball continue in the warehoufes for want of payment of the duties thereon, in f\ich cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffion-ers, or principal officers of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to caufc fuch tobacco to be publitkly fold by inch of candle $

Oa	firft

211

As herein*

Doty drawn back on Exportation, fcc.

Tobacco may be fold by inch of candle, &c.

Digitized by

Google

Wholefale merchant- may bond duties like importers.

if importers fell ri> wnokfale merchant, thur bond* may be cancelled, tcc.

lit	The	thirtyfevent h Tear of George III.

fird giving the importer or importers thereof, fourteen days notice perlonally, or by leaving a notice in writing at lus then dwelling, or if he (hall have no dwelling, then at to*r lafl place of fuch importer's abode, the product thereof after fuch fair, hid to be applied to payment of fuch bond, ft enrage, and all other charges which may have been incurred } and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the proprietor, or other perfon, lawfully authorized to receive the fame

VIII.	Provided always That if any tobacco (hall upon importation thereof, and before the original importer thereof (hall have bonded the duties of the fame, be fold or tranf-fenvd by any importer thereof, to any wholefale merchant, fuch wholefale meichant may bond the duties thereof in the fame manner, and fubj^ft to the fame rules, regulations and rdlii^ions, as the importer thereof is by this ad at liberty to herd the fame.

IX.	Provided alfo, That* if any tobacco (hall after the importation thereof, and after the oiiginui importer thereof (ball have bonded the duties for the fame, be fold by fuch importer, before the fame (lull have been taken out of the warehotifr in which it (hall have been lodged, to any wholefale merchant, the bond which fuch importer executed for « the duties on fuch tobacco on the warehoufmg of the fame, bihv he cancelled, upon fuch wholefale merchant’s giving h ud for the amount of the duties on fuch tobacco, to be made payable at the fame time that the bond executed by the importer was made payable, and fuch wholefale merchant fo buying fuch tobacco, (hall be fuhjcd to the like rules, regulations, and refti idions, as the importer thereof is by this ad Tubjcd to.

Duty paid For	Provided	alfo, That w hen any tobacco fo warehoufed,

home confiunp- (hall be intended for home coufumption, no fuch tobacco tion*	(hall	betaken out of fuch (lores as aforefaid, until all duties

payable thereon (hall have been paid, nor until a voucher from the proper officer of the revenue at the port where fuch tobacco (hall be fo warehoufed, (hall be depofited with the officer or officers in whofe cuftody ftich tobacco (hall then be, which voucher (hall he directed to fuch officer or officers, and (hall afeertam all fuch duties to have been paid for fuch tobacco.

Bonds for	XI. Provided always, and bo it enaded, That in cafe

duty on tobacco *ny tobacco put into fuch waiehoufes, (hall be dcllroyed by bur cd dif- fire, during the time it (hall remain in the waiehoufes, tuc charged.	bond entered into on warchoufing fuch tobacco, (hall be

difeharged for fo much thereof, as (hall appear to the fatia-fadlion of the commiffioners of the revenue, or any three /	Or more of them to have been fo dtftroycd.

XII.	Aad



Digitized by

Google

The thirty fevenih Tear of George III.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That no importer of tobacco at any port, except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk,

Newry, Bclfaft, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork,

Waterford, and Wexford, (hall be entitled to have the fame lodged in a ware-houfe, or take any benefit by virtue of any thing in this ad contained, in refpedt of warc-houfing and Vrhich tobacco Bonding the fame	may beware-

XIIL A«d be it enacted, That it (hall not be lawful to import ^iiy t bacco at any place or port, fave fuch places or to fa imparted ports where tobacco may be ware-houfed by virtue of this but where it act; and if any (liip or veffel (hall be found within the limits may be wnre-of any other port, haven or creek, within th»s kingdom, boufed, frc. * having tobacco on board, in any packages what foe v:r, or (lull be dilcovered fo to have been, fave only in cafe of unavoidable neceffity and di(trek, of which neceflity and diflrefs, die inafter, puifer, or other perfon, having or talking chaige op command of fuch (hip or veflel, dial! immediately after tl e arrived of fuch thip or yeffel in fuch port, haven or creek,, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief ofhper of the revenue, refulent at the neared port where fuch (hip or veffel (hall arrive, fuch (hip or vcf-icl, with all her gun*, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and alfc/the tobacco, (hall be forfeited

XIV.	And be it enaded, That no tobacco except of the All tobacco, produce pf Great Britain, North America, or of the except fiom O. l>riti(h plantations, (lull be imported into this kingdom, ®rit-

upon pain of Liltiting all fuch tobacco, and treble .he va-rue thereof, togetner with the (hip or veflel in which the forfeited,&c. fame (hall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel.

XV.	Provided always, That nothing herein, contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to authorize the DBt Irom ^ importation of any fuch tobacco into this kingdom from grit ^ juiy plage, fave from Great Britain, or from the place of of growth, the growth of fuch tobacco.

XVI.	And be it enacted. That it (haU not be law- No manufec*

ful to import into this kingdom any tobacco manu- turc'1 tobacco, faftured, except fnuff, and if any manufactured tobacco,	*°

except fnuff, (hall be imported into this kingdom, or if any*	*

ibip, vefTel, or boat, (hall found within f >ur leagues of:

the (hope of this kingdom, pr (hall be discovered fo to have been, with any manufadadu^ed tobacco, except fnuff, oiv, board any (hip, veflel or boat, or if any (hip, veffel or boat, (hall have had any ipanufadured tobacco, except fnuff, on b ard, although fuch tobacco ifhali) not be aduaUy found on board fuch (hip, veffel or boat, upon proof macte that fuch manufactured tobacco had been on board fuch . (lppt yeffel or boat, in any bay, port, harbour, havep,

*	river

No tobacco to be imported bat from G.

Digitized by LjOOQle

*!4

The thirty-feventb Tear of Georg; III.

Tobacco not to be exported in veflel* under *50 tons.

All (hips &c. under 150 tons, having roolb. of tobacco, or 5o!h oi fnuflF, within 4 leagues of any port, (hall be forfeited, except in diflrefs, as before.

river or creek 'in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the fhore of this kingdom, then, and in eveiy fuch cafe refpedtively, every fuch (hip, veil’d or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel. Avail be forfeited, as alfo all manufactured tobacco which Aiali be found on board fuch ihip, veflll or boat, and the packages containing the fame, fave only and except in cafes of unavoidable licccfEty and diilrefs, of which nectifity and dif-trefs the mailer, putfer, or ptrfon having 01 taxing cbaige or command of fuch fhip, veiTel or boat, Aiali immediately after the arrival of fuch ihip, veil'd or boat, into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek of this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue, reiiderjt at the port neared to the place where fuch fhip, veiTel or boat ihall arrive.

XVII.	And be it enafted,*' That no tobacco either ma-nufa&ured or unmanufactured, (hall be entered or (hipped for exportation, in any (hip or veifd whatfoever, unlefs fuch ihip or veflel ihall be of the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, or upwards; and it ihall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the revenue, to {top and detain any ihip or veiTel having tobacco on board, and the whole cargo laden on board fuch fhip or veiTel, until he or they fhafl caufe fuch ihip or veiTel to he admeafured ; and if it Ihall appear by fuch admeafurement, that any fuch ihip or veiTel is not of the burden of one hundred and fifty ton3, fuch ihip or veiTel, with all her gun?, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, together with fuch tobacco as ihall be . laden on board fuch ihip or veflel, ihall be forfeited ; and if -it Aiali appear by fuch admeasurement, that any fuch Avp or veiTel is of the burden of one hundred and fifty Ions, or upwards, and under the burden of one hundred ani eighty tons, the officer or officers lo ftopping or detaining fuch fhip or veflel as aforefaid, ihall not be fubject cr liable to any action for damages occafionea by fuch itoppage and detention.

XVIII.	And be it enabled, That when any fnip or ve:Td, under the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, having on board one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, or fifty pounds weight of fnuff, ihall be found at anchor, or within the limits of any of the. ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the fhore thereof, or ihall be difeovered fo to have been, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable ncctffity and tiii-trefs, of which neceffity and diflrefs the mailer, purfer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, Aiali give notice in writing to, and make proof of the famey before the collector or other chief officer^

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

of the revenue, rcfident at the neareft port to the place where fuch (hip or yeffel fhall arrive, every fiich fhip or vefTel with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ampuinition and apparel, and a Ho ail tobacco and fnuff found on hoard fuch (nip or vefTel, fhall be forfeited and confifcated, together with the packages containing the fame.

XIX.	Provided always, That it fhall and maybe lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefly’s revenue, or any three or'more of them, to grant a licenfe under their hands and feals, for importing tobacco into this kingdoip, or exporting tobacco from this kingdom, in atfy fhip or veflel under the burden of one hundred and fifty tons, provided that every fuch licenfe fhall contain the name of fuch fhip or vc£ fei fo to bt licenfed, the name of the malfer, or commander and owner- thereof, the quantity of tobacco intended to be imported oi exported in luch fhip or veflel, the name of the Owner of fuch tobacco, and that of the perfon to whom the fame fhall be configned, and the port into which it is intended fuch tobacco fhould be brought or exported from, and alfo the port or place to w hich luch tobacco is intended to be exported.

XX.	And be it ena&ed That if any fhip or veffel fhall be found with tobacco on bo a rd, within the limits of any port pf this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof ; ai d if it fliall appear-that bulk ihali have been broken, pr that any tobacco (hall have been taken or delivered out of fuch fhip or veflel, after fuch fhip or vefTel fhall have left the port or place where fuch fhip or veflel had taken on board luch tobacco, fhall be deemed and taken that fuch tobacco \vhich fhall have been fo taken or delivered out of fuch fhip Oi vefTel, was landed in this kingdom without entry or payment of the duties payable for the fame, unlefs it fhall appear that fuch tobacco had been landed in fome other country, and if landed in any part of his Majefly’s dominions, that fuch tobacco had been duly entered, and that the duties payable on the fame had been paid.

XXI.	And to prevent the ciandefiine importation of tobacco, be it enabled. That if any tohacco fhall be clandestinely imported, or fecretely brought into this kingdom without due entry, and payment of the duties chargeable ^hereupon, the fhip, veflel, or boat, in which the fame fhall Ke fo clandeftinely imported, and all the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel thereunto belonging, and all fuch tobacco (hall be forfeited, and fliall and may be feiz-ed by any officer of the revenue ; and in cafe fuch vefTel or goods cannot be ftized, the mailer or other perfon having change of the vefTel in which fuch goods fhall have been fo imported or brought, fhall forfeit the value thei eof.

XXII. And

Com. may licenfe Vcfkls under <50 tons.

Ship, &C breaking hulk, or delivering tobacco alter leaving port, without entry, fhall be forfeited, 6c c.

VefFela carry-, ing tobacco clandeftinely, may be feized.

Digitized by

6 per cent, intcreft to be paid on bon !•, from the day they are due until payment pr exportation.

No allowance for damaged tobacco.

Not to f^Pa-

Ete ftalk from af.

No drawback for ft a Iks, fic c.

Land-waiters to caufc hog-iheads, S c; to be matked as he^cip.

The thirty-/eventb Tear of George Ilf.

XXII.	And be it ena£tcd> That interrft at the rate of fix pounds fer centum per annum, which iptereft is hereby declared to be a charge on fuch tobacco, fhall be paid to the crown op all bonds to be given purfuant to this a&, from the day the bond (hall become due, unto the day whereon it (hall be paid off in money, #r the day the fearcher certiT fics upon the debenture, that the tobacco was (hipped for exportation, the amount of fuch bond to be payable, at aforefaid, notwithstanding fuch tobacco (hall remain unexported, and although the time limited by law for the draw-pack on exportation fhall not be expired, and no fuch fe-curity (hall be vacated until all fuch imereti fh^U be paid thereon.

XXIII.	And be it enacted, Tliat no allowance fhall be made to the importer in consideration of any damaged or mean tobacco, either at the fcale or otherwife, but in cafe any perfpn fhall refufe to enter fuch tobacco, or to pay oc fecure the duties afoyefaid, for fuch tobacco, then be, fh^ pr they fhall have liberty to refpfe to enter and pay duty fot the fame ; or to feparate fuch damaged tobacco by cutting off from the hogfhead or other package, fo muph,thcreof a$ pe, (he, or they fhall refufe to pay, or enter the duty for, and the piiacipal officers of the revenue refidenl at the port yvhere fuch damaged tobacco fhall be landed# or any two oic more of them (hull caufe fuch tobacco to be burned or other-wife deftroyed, without making any allowance to fuch importer for freight or other charges, other than the rd'ow-ances herein provided for.

XXiy* Provided always, That no perfpn fhall have liberty to feparate the ftalk from the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XXV.	And be it enadted, That no drawback fhall bq

allowed for any tobacco ftalks or items exported by them-felvcs >vhen they have been or ihail be fcpaiated from the leaf. ‘	'	’

XXVI.	And be it enadled, That the lapdwaitpr appoint-

ed for the delivery of every fhip or vefTtl arriving at any p^rt or place in this kingdom, and having tobacco on board, i* hereby authorized and required upon the landing of any fuch tobacco, to caufe fuch landing-mark to be fixed and fet upon every hoglhead, cafk, theft, or other package, containing the fame, as (hall be directed by the commiffiun-ers of the revenue, or any three of them, and fhall alfo enter every fuch landing-mark in their feveral hooks, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds, and the proper officers of the revenue icfpe&ively, fhall, in like manner, upon the exportation of any tobacco from this kingdom, caufc fuch export-murk to be fixed upon every hoglhead, calk* '	-	cheft

\

Digitized by (^.ooQle

\The thirty-fcventb Tear o/\George III.	7

cbeft, or other package containing the fame, as (hall be di- A. D» retted hy the commiffioners of the revenue, or any three of t *them, and fUall alfo enter every fuch export-mark in their Chap. 4.2. i’evcral books upon pain of forfeiting fifty pounds.

XXVII,	And be it enabled. That no debenture (hall be No debenture granted for any tobacco imported into this kingdom, nor or drawback any drawback be paid or allowed for the fame, when expoit- allowed, except ed or entered outwards for exportation, to any part or parts beyond the fe?s, unlefs the fame and every part thereof, if it be in leaf and unmanufactured, (hall be (hipped and exported from the fame port or place at which luch tobacco wat; at fir (I imported into this kingdom aod no other, and alfo unlefs the fame tobacco if unmanufactured, and every part thereof, be (hipped and exported in the original package, in which and with the fame marks thereon with which it was imported into this kingdom, together with the land-iug-jriark and export-mark herein required to be fixed thereupon without any alteration being made in the package, except fuch as (hall be occafioned by neceffary cooperage tor the repair of fuch package, or any other tobacco being put therein, qr any part of the tobacco being* removed or taken out of the package in which it was firlt imported, except only ten pounds weight of tobacco, which (hall be allowed to be taken out of every hog(head, ca(k, cheft or cafe, after the fame (ha‘l have been weighed at importation 5 and if any perfon (hall enter any unmanufa&ured tobacco for exportation, at any other port or place than that at which the fame was imported, or in any other hoglhcad, calk, chcft, cafe, or other package, than the fame in winch fuch unmanufactured tobacco was originally imported, or without the fame marks or numbers, and fuch landing and export-marks, all fuch tobacco (hall be forfeited* and dq drawback thereupon (hail be paid, or if any (hall have been paid, the fame (hall be repaid, aud the perfon who entered or caufed the fame to be Entered, fuali forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds ; and * • if any perfon (hall fnip for exportation any b^gthead, chcft, calk, cafe or other package of tobacco, out of which more than ten pound*, weight of tobacco ftpl! have been taken tor 'famples, he, the, or they to oiFending, (hall forfeit the fum , of twenty pounds for every fuch hogfhead, or other package of tobacco to (hipped for exportation.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted, That no tobacco (ball be Tobacco (halt imported or brought into this kingdom, in any package ?ot be on ported other than hog (heads, calks, chefts, or wooden cafes, con-	.n£c* UB"

taining four hundred and twenty-five pounds net weight of tobacco at the leaft, upon pain of forfeiting all luch tobacco as (hall be imported, otheiwile than as atorela d, together with the hoglheads, calks, cheiU, cafes and other packages containing the fame.

'	XXIX.	Provided

Digitized by v^ooQle

lit	The	thirty-fiventh	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D.

*797* Chap. 42.

If by cutting off damaged tobacco, remainder is left than 4251b. importer may put found tobacco together, as herein di-reded.

Exporter* of

unmanufactured tobacco (hall deliver account* to ofHaers, at herein.

XXIX.	Provided neverthclefs, and be it ena&ed, Th^t when any unmanufactured tobacco (hall be imported in hoglhead, calks, chefts, or wooden cafes, as aforelaid, into this kingdom, if upon landing and examination thereof, it (hall appear that the tobacco contained in any fuch hogf-heads, chefts, wooden cafes, or calks, is fo much damaged, that by cutting off the damaged part thereof, for which no duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any fuch, hogfheads, chtlU, calks, or wooden cafes, for which duty is to be paid as under the weight of four hundred and twenty-five pounds, then and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the importer or importers thereof, in the prefence of the land-waiter appointed to deliver the (hip m which the fame was imported, to caufe all fuch found tobacco to be put together in one or more of fuch hogfheads, cherts, calks, or wooden cafes, out of which the damaged tobacco was taken, and the land-waiter or other proper officer is hereby directed and required to enter ip their refpective books, the true and exact weight of all fuch found tobacco put into every fuch hoglhead, chert, calk, or w*K>den cafe, with the feveral and refpe&ive marks and numbers fet upon, every fuch hoglhead, chert, calk, or wot den cafe, and alfo to fpccify in their books, that fuch hogfhrads, chirts, cades, or wooden cafes, were packed and re filled in Iheir pie-fcnce, and every fuch hoglhead, chett, or wooden cafe of unmanufadtured tobacco, (hall and may be exported from the fame ports and no other, at which they were originally imported, and debentures (hall be made out, and the drawback be paid for the tobacco therein contained, provided the quantity of the tobacco in every fuch hoglhead, calk, chert or wooden cafe, (hall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight or more, in the fame manner and. form, and under the fame reftridtfona as if the package of fuch tobacco had not been altered, any thing herein contained in any wife to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX,	And be it enafted, That any perfon who lhalV enter any unmanufactured tobacco outwards, at any port or place in this kingdom, in order to be (hipped or eXjiorted to any part or parts beyond the Teas, (hall, before the fame or any part thereof, (hall be laden, deliver to the furveyor or land waiter appointed to examine tobacco (hipped for exportation, an account in writing, hi a fair, diltinct, and legible manner, figned by the perfon or perfons exporting fuch tobacco, and containing the mark and number contained in %hc manifeft which W3S upon every hoglhead, calk, theft, or other package of fuch tobacco, at the time when the fame was firll imported into this kingdom, and alfo the landing-mark and number which was placed upon every hog-

-(head*

Digitized by {jOOQle

The thirty feventh Tear of Gforge III.	21$)

(bead, calk, cheft, or wooden cafe thereof, when the fame A. D. was firft landed in this kingdom, together with the exadt '797-weight which every hogfhead, calk, cheft, or other cafe Chap 42. with the tobacco therein contained, was at the time of its being landed in this kingdom, and alio the particular mark and number fet upon evu*y% fuch hogfhead, calk, cheft, or wooden cafe, by the exporter or exporters thereof, at the time the fame (hall be brought to the water iidc, to be Ihip-ped for exportation ; a duplicate of which account iigned in the like manner, fhali be lodged with the colledtor of the port from which fuch tobacco mall be expoited, which account (hail be filed by every fuch colle&or in his office, and a copy of it entered in a book, to be by him kept for that pmpofc, and the furvevor or land-waiter appointed to examine fuch tobacco on exportation fhali weigh the fame, and endoife on the epeket a true copy of fuch account, and the weight of fuch tobacco at the time of exportation, and lign the fame; and no officer lliall admit any cocket, unlefs endorfed and figned as aforefaid ; and every exporter of tobacco, (hall alio write off the weight of every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of unmanufactured tobacco, by him, her, or them fnipped for exportation, from the entry made of every hogfhead, cheft, calk, or‘cafe of fuch unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was firft imported ; and if any perfon who (hall enter outwards for exportation, from any port in this kingdom, any unmaimfa&ured tobacco, fhali neglect or refute to give in luch accounts refpeCtiveiy, as aforefaid, c\ery pertou f<> offending, (hall, for ev*»y fuch offence, forfeit the furn of five pounds for every hogfhead, cafk, chtit, or oth.w package of fuch u;invj:i jfadtured to-bacc ), an 1 no drawback or debenture for, or on account of the exportation theieof, ihall be made out, granted or paid.

XXXI.	And be it enacted, That every perf-n who lhnli Import r* import any tobacco into tills kingdom, and win (hall in any wh<^ U-nulac-wite ma:;ur? uure ike fame, or any part thcieof, upon Ids, deliverac-lier, or th ii <v.vn acc ai.it or accounts, or caufe or procure counts thcr<of the fame, or any part thereof, to be main fa dared on ids, to colic dors, h r, or their own accounts bv any other perfon, ft.r.ll before a*herein, the fame or any part thereof, be nnnufaitured by the importer or irr.poitcrs, or (Lull he delivered out by the importer or importers, or any oth.r perfon to be manufactured for the account of an/ fuch i; .p >itor or importers, deliver to the collector or other chief dri cr of the revenue, at the port where fuch tobacco wu, imported, an account in writing, containing the i -.ks and numbers as fpecified in the manireft of every o <t* hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or. other package of tobacco, intended to be manufactured with the

name

Digitized by

Google

t29

The thirty-/event b Tear of George III.

Importer not to fell Uls than X hog (head,

JMid as difcharg-cd, penalty aol.

name of the (hip or fhip» in which, and the time when the tobacco fo intended to be manufactured was imported, alil* the landing-mark and number fet on each hogihead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, at the time of their importation into thi* kingdom, and alfo the exad weight which every hogihead, calk, cheft, or cafe, and the tobacco therein contained were of at the time of their being firft landed in this kingdom, and the exad weight the fame were of at the time of the . delivery of fuch tobacco to be manufactured ; which account (hall be figned by the importer or one of his, her, or their known clerks, and alfo by the perfon or perfons to whom fuch tobacco (hall be delivered to be manufactured, or by one of his, her, or their known clerks, with their feve* ral and refpedive names and places of abode ; and fuch importer and importers (hall at the time of delivering in fuch accounts as aforefaid, write off from the entry made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in fuch accounts were imported, the weight of every hogihead, cafk, cheft, or cafe contained in fuch account of tobacco intended to be manufadured as ^forefaid, in the fame manner and form as if the fame tobacco had been delivered for exportation ; and in cafe any importer or importers of tobacco, (hall negled to give in fuch account oi the time, and in fuch mauner and form in all refpeds ^ is herein directed and re* quired, or in cafe fuch account (hall be falfe or fraudulent ia any refped whatfoever, he, (lie, or they offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of thirty pounds for ev£ur hogihead, calk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco, au ac? count oi which (hall be omitted to be given, as herein di*r reded, or of which a wrong account (hall be given, andthq

Jerfon or perfons tef whom iuch tobacco (hall have been de*» vered to be manofadured, negleding to fign by him, her or themfcives, or by his, her, or their known clerk fuch account as aforefaid, or figning any falfe or fraudulent account, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch hogihead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco* of which no account, or of which a falfe or fraudulent account (hall De given.

X^XII. And be it enaded, That no importer of tobacco, (hall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer or other perfon, in the package wherein the fame \va$ imported, except as hereafter excepted, nor lefs than one hogihead or package at any time, and in fuch manner aiuj form, as the fame was, or (hall have been difeharged at the cuftom-houfe. under the peiulty of twenty pounds, fot every fuch offence. '	*

XXXIII.	Provided always, That if it (hall happen that fuch tobacco (hall receive any damage after having been dif-

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thtrty-fcvenih Year of George III.

charged by the proper officer, whereby k {hall be absolutely neceflary to unpack and alter the package thereof, then and in fuch cafe, the importer or other perfon in whofe cuftody fuch tobacco fo damaged fhall remain, after tlte fame hath been difeharged at the cuftom-houfc, (hall, within twelve hours before he or fhe fhall unpack any part of the faid tobacco, give notice in writing to the furveyor, gauger, c<| notice or other officer of the walk, or caufe the fame to be left at (hall be given to the ufual place of refidence of fuch officer, lignifying his or officer, as hcre-her intention to unpack fuch tobacco, and to Separate the damaged from the found tobacco, or to cure the fame, and that thereupon fuch officer do, and fhall, upon pain of being difmified from his employment for any neglcft in fo doing, attend at the hour or time, and place appointed for the unpacking fuch tobacco; fuch hour to be between the hours of ten o’clock in the forenoon, and of three in the afternoon; and that the importer or other perfon, in whofe cuftody fuch tobacco fhall then remain, or to whom the fame fhall belong, fhall make oath that he or fhe verily believes it is neceflary for the curing of the tobacco fo damaged, or for the pniftrvation of the remainder thereof, to unpack the fame, (which oath the faid officer is hereby empowered to adminiftcr), and upon fuch perfons making fuch oath as aforefaid, fuch officer fhall compare tie package or packages to be unpacked, with the certificate thereof, in fuch perfons pofleffion, and if the packages agree with the certificate, the officer fhall attend the unpacking of them'; and after the fame fhall be unpacked, and the damaged tobacco fevered from the found tobacco, the found part fhall be in the prefence of fuch officer, immediately weighed and re-packed’ in clofe packages, not lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, if the entire quantity fo to be re-packed, fhall amount to fo much ; and the fame fhall not be again unpacked, but on the like ne-ceffity, or for mnnufafturing the fame ; and if fuch damaged tobacco Ire intended to be cured, the fame fhall be weighed every fccond day* until re packed in manner aforesaid, provided the entire quantity fhall amount to four hundred and twenty.five pounds weight, and if under that weight, the fame fhall be packed in one feparate cafk, and fuch importer of fuch tobacco, or perfon in whofe cuftody tlie fame fhall remain, fhall on demand of fuch officer, weigh, or caufe to be weighed and packed, fuch tobacco in manner aforefaid ; and fhall not unpack in any one day, more of fuch tobacco than can be re-packed on the fame -day ; and fuch officer fhall put fuch mark and number on t he packages fo re-packed, as he fhall think fit, for diftin-jguifiling tice f*mc by which mark and number the fame

If tobacco be

Digitized by t^ooQle

2It

A. D.

» 797-Chap. 42.*

Importers to deliver to chief oflker$,accounts of tobacco fold, &c. See.

The thirty fcvtnth Tear of George III.

flial! be fold and certified for, by fuch importer or other perfon as aforefaid ; and fuch officer (hall, upon fuch per-fous certificate of his (lock, endorfr, or enter the alteration of package, and particularly defeiibe the fame, with the new marks and numbers put thereon, and fhall enter the alterations fo made in fuch officer’s hook, in the prefence of fuch importer, or fuch othrr perfon as aforefaid, or of fucli perfon as fhall attend on their behalf rcfpe&ivcly.

XXXIV.	And be it ensiled. That every perfon who fhall import any tobacco into this kingdom, and fhall fell or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, to any perfon, fhall within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, out of his, her, or their cuilody, to the purchasers thcit-of, or to their order, or for their ufe, deliver to the chief officer of the revenue, at the port or place where fuch tobacco wras imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number as Specified in the mruiifell, of every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or other package of tobacco, fo fold or delivered, with the name of the fiiip or (hips in which fuch tobacco fo fold and delivered, was imported, and the times when, and tire landing-mark, and number fet on every hogfhead, cafk, or cafe, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, with the exa& weight which each of fuch hog (heads, calks, chefls or cafes, and the tobacco therein contained were of, at the time of their bring fir (I landed in this kingdom, and alfo the exa£t weight thereof, at the time of the fale or delivery to the purchafer or put dialers thereof ; which account fhall be figned by fuch importer or impo.ters, or one of his, her, or ihtir known cVrks, and ajlo by fuch perfon orperfon3 to whom fuch tobacco {hall be fold or delivered, or one of his, her, or tlnir known clerks, to which fhall be added the places of abode of fuch purchasers, importers, or other perfons fo figniug fuch accounts ; and fuch importer or importers fhall, at th,J time of their delivering in fuel: accounts, write off from the entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in fuch account was imported, and againfl every particular (hip, in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogfhead, cafk, cbcfl, or cafe of to!'j*.co, contained in fuch account, in the fame form, as if Inch tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in c*fe any importer or importers of tobacco, fhall neglect to give in fuch account as aforefaid, at the time, and in the manner and form herein directed, or in cafe fuch account fhall, at the time the fame is given in, or at anytime ah awards appear to be falfe or fraudulent, he, (he, or they offending, ffinll forfeit the fum of thirty pounds, for every hogfhead, cafk, chefi, or other package of tobacco, of which inch account fhall be omitted

Digitized by Lscxwle

The thirty-feventh Year of George III,

to be given, or of which a falfe or fraudulent account (hall be gi\ en ; and the perfon or perfoos to whom, or to whofc oulcr, or for whofc ufe fuch tobacco (hall have been fold or delivered, ncgle&ing to fign by him, her, or themfelves, or by his, her, or their known clerk, fuch account aa afore-* laid, or (igning, or caufing to be figned, any falfe or fraudulent account, (hall alfo forfeit £he fura of thirty pounds, for every fuch hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a falfe or fraudulent account (hall be given.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That ill cafe any fu,ch tobacco (hall, before the landing thereof, re- P^pny Pcr lb* ceive any damage, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid £oner°fo™to-commimoners, or any one of them, or the colle&or, or |«cco damaged other chief officer of the revenue, at the port in which fuch before landing, tobacco (hall be landed* to pay to the importer at the rate of one halfpenny, for every pound of fuch tobacco, for which the importer (liall refufe to pay or feenre the full duties, and which (hall be cut off or feparated from the fouud tobacco, in order to be burned, or otherwife deftroyed by the officers of the revenuefo as fuch allowance (hall not exceed thirty (hillings, for all the tobacco damaged in any one hoglhead imported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithltanding.

XxXVI. And be it cnafted, That no tobacco, tobacco Tobacco fire, (bilks, or fnuff, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight, exceeding \\b. (hall be conveved or earned by land or by water, from any mull be marked port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in or forfatcd-this kingdom, or from any place within any port in this kingdom, to any ether place within the fame port, in any hogshead, caflt, cheft, cafe or other package, unlefs fuch hoglhead, ca(k, cheft, cafe or other package, be marked on the outfide with the words, tobacco, tobacco (lalks, or fnuff, in le.ters not lefs than three inches in length, upon pain of forfeiting all fiuch tobacco, tobacco-ftalks, or fnuff, wvth the package thereof.

#XXXVII. And be it enabled, That no tobacco, manu- Tobacco ‘te. factored or umr.anufadured, or fnuff which (hall have been removed, IbaU rem ved from the port or place of importation, or from not b-returned any other port or place in this kingdom, to any other port witk°Dt leave, or place in the fame, (liall be returned or fent back to fuch port or place, from whence the fame was, or were before removed, without leave firft being obtained from,the com-mi (Turners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, and without a fpecial certificate to be granted to accompany the fame, in fuch form, and by fuch petfon or perfons, as the faid commifiioners (hall think proper to appoint. Upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the horfes, cattle, carnages, vcffels, or boats, made ufe of in the removal of the fame.

XXXVIII. And

One-half-

Digitized by

XH

The thirty fruenth Tear of George Ht.

a. r>.

1797-

Chap. 42.

All manufac-

turers, See. except importers, fhall take out licenfet, dec. as herein.

No tobaceo to be manufactured but where a gauger is refi-dent.

I licenfe for partners in I houfe.

Manufa£tu-rers or retailers to have boards affixed, penally sol

XXXVIIT. And be it enaCted, That for the belter rr-' gulation of the tobacco trade, and of the manufacture of tobacco, no perfon fhall manufacture any tobacco into roll, pigtail, fnuff, or otherwife, or deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as an wholefale importer only, or a wholefale merchant only, without firfl taking out a licenfc for the fame, figned by one of the commiflioners of the revenue, in which licenfe fhall be exptefled the number of tobacco tables fuch manufacturer fhall be authorized to keep ; and that no perfon dealing in tobacco as a wholefale merchant, not being the importer of fuch tobacco, fhall fo deal therein, without firft taking out a licenfe in manner aforefaid, for which licenfe a fee at the rate of one fhilling in the pound, fhall be paid 1 and if any perfon fhall manufacture any tobacco, or deal in the fame as aforefaid, without having taken ont fuch licenfe, he or fh« fhall forfeit the fum of three hundred pounds.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be It enaCted, That no licenfc fhall be granted to any perfon to manufacture tobacco in any place in this kingdom, other than in fuch town in which a furveyor of excife or ganger is refrdent, and all unmanufaCturc 1 tobacco kept in any houfe, ftore-houfef, Of other place fituate in any other part of this kingdom, and all tobacco-preflcs, tobacco-tables, tobacco fpinning-wheels, and fnufF-mms, and all other utenfils for manufacturing tobacco found in any other part of this kingdom fhall be forfeited, and the perfon or peifons in whofe poflHIion any tobacco-table, prefs-wheel, fnufF-mill, or other utenfil for manufacturing tobacco fhall be found, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and no permit fhall be granted for the conveying of unmanufactured tobacco to any place othei* than places where perfons may be licenfed to manufacturer tobacco.

XL., Provided always, and be it enaCted, That perfon# in pavcnerfhtp, and carrying on the trade of manufacturing tobacco in one hovfe only, fhall not be obliged to take out more than one licenfe, and that no one 'licenfe which (hall be granted by virtue of this aCt, fhall authorize any per* fon or perfons to whom the fame fhall be granted, to manufacture tobacco in any other houfe than Inch houfe, and the working places thereunto adjoining, as fhall be mentioned in fuch licenfe, and in the entry to be made thereof with the collector.

XLI And be it eraCted, That every perfon licenfed to manufacture or »etail tobacco, fhall have, or caufc to be painted on a board with letters open to view and legible, at leaft an inbh long, in white upon a black ground, or m blank on a white ground, his, her, or their name and fur-xtamc, or names aod fur-names at full length, and the words

w licenfed

'Digitized by vc_lQ Q-Q lC -

The thirty fevenih Tear of George III.

u licenfed to mamifadhire or retail tobacco,” as the cafe fhay be, and fhaJl affix the fame on fome confpicuous place* on the outfide of the front of his, her, of their houfe, not mere than three feet diftance from the top of the (hop door, or ftreet door of fuch houfe, and preferve the fame during the time, he, (he, or they fhall continue to manufa&ure, retail, or deal in tobacco, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XL1I. And be it enafted, That every colle&or who ffiaH grant a licenfe to any perfon to manufacture or other- Plvc certificates wife deal in tobacco, as aforefaid, fhall at the time of grant- cenfed°&c 1 ing fach licenfe, $Jvc to the perfon obtaining the fame, & certificate thereof, which certificate fhall at every time the perfon or perfons fo licenfed, fhall purchafe any unmanufactured tobacco, from any importer of tobacco, or perfon licenfed to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, be produced to fuch importer or perfon licenfed, as aforefaid, who fhall eft-* dorfe on fuch certificate the number of hogfheads fold, alfo the marks, numbers, and weight upon each hogfhead, the place where, and time when, the name of the fhip in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the perfon to whom the feme fhall be fold, and the time of fuch fele: and futh importer or his known clerk, fhall fign fuch endorsement, and fuch Certificate, with fuch endorfement, as aforefaid, fhall be produced to the proper officer for granting permits before luch officer fhall gfaat a permit for fuch tobacco, and fuch officer fhall at the time of grauting every fuch permit, fpecify on fuch endorfement, the date and number of the permit, and the place where the feme fhall be granted, and fign his name thereto, and in cafe any unmanufactured tobacco fhall be fold by any perfon licenfed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the feme, to any other perfon licenfed to manufacture tobacco or deal in the fame, the officer for granting a permit for conveying the fame to the perfon buying the feme, fhall enter on the cen&cate of the feller of fuch tobacco, the time of granting fuch permit, and to whom the feme Was granted, and upon eveiy transfer the fame requires fhall be performed as are directed upon the firft fele of the importer ; and every fuch manufacturer or dealer in tobacco, fhall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after the fold days refpe&ively return to the colliedtor of the dilti idt in which he or (he fhall refide, fuch certificate, together with all endorfements made thereon ; and every fuch colleftor fhall upon receiving fuch certificate, give a new certificate to the perfon fo licenfed, and fuch manufacturer or dealer Vol.XI.	P	fhall

225

Collc&ors to

Digitized by L,ooQLe

126

isol. penalty hr not producing certificate to officer.

Tobacco or fnulT, above iolb. without a permit, may be feized, 6ic.

Thi thirty-feventh Tear of George I ft.

(hall on every twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days after, deliver to fuch colk&or, the certificate by him or her received, as aforefaid, with all endorfementt made thereon, and if any fuch perfon (hall omit to deliver up any fuch certificate at the relpe&ive times aforefaid, he or (he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds; and in cafe the paper on which any fuch certificate (hall be granted, (hall before any of the days on which the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up^bv the endowments herein dire&ed to be made thereon, tnen fuch coU lc&or (hall upon fuch maniife&urer or other dealer delivery ing up to him any fuch certificate with fuch endorfements thereon, grant unto fuch manufe&urer or dealer, a new certificate, on which fuch account of all tobacco to be pur-chafed by him in fuch manner, and within fuch times re-fpe&iyely (hall be endorfed ; and every fuch colle&or (hall upon receiving from fuch manufe&urer or dealer, any fuch certificate with ftich endorfemcrits thereon, enter the fame in a book to be kept by him for that purpofe, and forthwith tranfmit every fuch certificate with the endorfements thereon, to the regifter-general of tobacco*

XLIII. And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon fo li-ccnfed, (hall not on demand made by any officer of the revenue, produce to fuch officer fuch ceitificate with the endorfements which (hall have been made thereon, or not fuf-fer fuch officer to examine the fame, then fuch perfon fo li-cenfed, (hall for every fuch negledt or refufel, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds ; and in cafe any endorfement made on fuch certificate (hall appear to the commiffioners of the revenue, or any three of them, to have been era fed, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, then it (hall be lawful for the feid commiffioners, or any three of them, to annul or vacate the licenfe granted to the perfon or perfons wbofe certificate (hall have been erafed, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, and the perfon to whom fuch certificate fo erafed, obliterated, or altered, (hall have been granted, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XLIV And be it ena&ed, That all tobacco manufa&ured or unmanufactured, of what quality or fpecies foever; and all fnuff above the weight of ten pounds, that (hall be conveyed from any one place in ihis kingdom to another, as well from one part of a city or town to another part of fuch city or town, as from any city or town to any other part of the kingdom, (hall and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, and (hall be deemed to be fmugglcJ goods, and forfeited as fuch, together with the hories, cart, car, or other carnage conveying the feme, un-lcfs the carrier or perfon conveying the fame, (hall produce a

permit





Digitized by Google

The thirtyfkventb Tear of Geotge IIL

permit given bv the proper officer of the revenue for .the conveying of fuch tobacco or fnuff, for or upon demand of any officer of the revenue.

XLV. And be it en^ded, That no unmanufactured or manufactured tobacco, tobacco-flalka, or fnuff, exceeding in quantity ten pounds weight in the whole, although in fe-parate packages* fhall be conveyed either by land or by {Conveyed1 Water at any one time, by any one conveyance, and dired- without aper-ed to any one perfon, or to different perfons in partaerfhip mit. in trade, without a permit being firit obtained from the proper officer of the place from whence fuch tobacco, tobacco* (talks, or fnuff, fhall be removed, which permit fhall accompany the fame to the place to which the fame is to be conveyed.

XLVI. And be it enaCted, That all tobacco and /nuff	apd

f .und in the poffeffion of any buyer or retailer of manu-fadured tobacco, for which a permit or certificate fuffi-	1

cieiit to proted the fame, fhall not be produced, fhall be forfeited, and the perfon in whofe poffeffion the fame fhall be found, fhall forfeit five (Hillings for every pound weight thereof.

XLVII. Provided, always, That if fuch buyer or re* Officers may tailer of manufadured tobacco or fnuff, fhall produce a fwear dealers m Jjermit or certificate for any fuch tobacco or fnuff fo found tol>acco> &c-m his dr her poflejlion. It fhall be lawful for any officer of the revenue to adminifter an oath to fuch buyer or retailer of manufadured tobacco, that fuch tobacco is the identical tobacco which had been received with fuch permit, or with the permit on which fuch certificate was granted, and that fuch permit or certificate, to the beft of the knowledge of fuch buyer or retailer of tobacco had not been made ufc of to cover or proted any other tobacco; and if fuch buyer or retailer of tobdcco fhall refufe to t^ke fuch oath, all fuch tobacco for which fuch permit or ceili-ficatc fhall be produced, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized, and the perfon in whofe poffeffion the fame fhall be found, fliall forfeit five (hillings for every pdund weight thereof.

XLVIII. And be it enaded. That all contrads* pfo-	Cootra&f for

inifes, notes, bills, bonds, judgments, or other fecdrities tobacco wit Lem given or executed by any perfon Where the whole or any part Pcruut*> V0‘^* of the confideration of any fuch z^ontrad, promife, or fe-curity fhall be for any tobacco in leaf or manufadured, which if unmanufadured, fliall hate been fold at a lefs price than at the rate of fii-pence-half-penny for each pound weight thereof; and which if manufadured (hail have been Told for a fefs price than at the rate of nine-pcnce-halfpenny for ' fcVery pound weight thereof, or

Pa	for

No tobacco

Digitized by Google

ttS

The (birty-feixnth Tear if George III.

A. D-

1797-

Chap. 4a.

Ready money paid at lower rates recovered.

50I penalty for opening a package, Sc.

penalty aoL

Tables and Wheels to be marked as here* in.

for afly tobacco with which’fuch permit as herein mentioned (hall not have been granted (hall be utterly void, and no. firit (hall be maintained thereon, in any court of law Or equity.

XLtX. And be it enaded, That if any fuch tobacco (hall be fold for ready money, at any lower price than at the jrefpcdive rates afofefaid, by the pound, it fhall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons buying or purchafing fuch tobacco, to recover from the feller or fellers thereof, a fujn equal to the full amount of fuch tobacco fo fold as aforefaid, to be fued for and recovered by civil bill in a court of proper jurifdidion.

L. And be it enaded, That all tobacco taktn out of any original package, (hall be deemed to be taken out for the purpofe of manufaduring ; and if any manufacturer of or dealer in tobacco,' (hall open any package of tobacco for the purpofe of taking any tobacco out of fuch package, except in the prtfence of the proper officer of excife, or after twenty-four hours previous notice tliereof, barring been given to fuch officer to attend, and his negleding to attend purfuant thereto, in which notice (hall be expreffcd the package or packages which is or are intended to be opened, every luch perfon fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the film of fifty pounds ; and fuch mamifadurer or dealer, or fome perfon on his or her behalf, fliall fliew fuch Officer out of what package of tobacco in his or her (lock, he, of (he intends to take the fame, and fhall in the prefeftte of fuch officer, weigh every parcel from time to time, taken out of any fuch package, and fpecify in writing the quantity 6f each parcel intended to be put in cafe, and the quantity intended for cane, pigtail, cut and fmiff, and weigh every fuch parcel before any part thereof (hall be wet, or be jAitiu cafe, or fhall be dripped from the flalk, or fpun, or in default thereof fuch manufadurer (hall forfeit the film of twenty pounds for every fuch offence : provided always, that it fhall be lawful for every fuch manuradurer or dealer, to take out of any fuch package, any quantity of tobacco not exceeding two pounds in weight for famples.

LI. And be it cnaded, Tn?.t every perfonmanufaduring tobacco, (hall caufe to be branded or painted, on a confpi-cuous part of every table, with or witliout a fpinning-wheir, which (hall be kept by him or her, or be in nis or ncr pof-feffion for the purpofe of fpinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be fpun, and on every wheel ufed with fuch table, his and her name and furnamc, and the number of the table, beginning with number one, and proceeding irr the common arithmetical progreffion, until every fuen table (hall be numbered, and every fuch perfon in whofc poflfcf-

% (ion

Digitized by LaOOQle

The thlrtyfeventh Tear of George III.

fion ihall be found any table for the purpofe of fpinnfog to- A-bacco, or on which tobacco maybe fpun, or any wheel I797*- # which Ih.dl not have been fo branded or painted* or on which Chap 4a. thr fame number (ball be branded or paiuted; if two ormpre	/,

of fuch tables fhn.ll be branded or painted with a fimilar number, (hall forfeit for every fuch table or wheel* the fum of twenty pounds, and every fuch table or wheel (hall be Y • forfeited, and may be foized by any ofijeer of the revenue.

LII. And be it enabled, That every perfon manufacturing Entry of ta-tobatco, (hall before any licenfe for manufacturing the fame Wes, wheel*, be granted, make particular entry in writing, under his, her, to 1>C or tbeir hand or hands, or under the hand of his, her, or Wlth coUc ®r 5 their known clerk, with the collector of the didriCt, in which be or (he (hall refitic, of f?ery tobacco table, and the number of wheels and fpindals for {pinning tobacco thereunto belonging, and of every prefs and fnuff-mill kept by him, her, or them, and alfo of all houfes, work-houfes,

(hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them refpeCtively intended to be made ufe of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of tobacco, or fnuff, dif-tinguifbing the places where fuch tobacco table or tables, and wheels, tobacco preflea, and fnuff-mills, are refpeCtively intended to be kept, and (hall tender to fuch collector a duplicate of fuch entry, and fuch collector (hall, at the foot thereof, certify that the fame is a duplicate of the entry made with him, and the fame (hall in all cafes be evidence of every fuch entry ; and every tobacco table, tobacco wheel, table, See. not tobacco prefs, or other engine or indrument for prefling to- . licenced forfeit-bacco, and fuuff mill, which fl^dl be found ia the pofitffion cd* and aoL^ of a perfon not licenfed to manufacture tobacco or fuuff, or Pcrta *e> c' which fliall be found in the poffeikon of any perfon who (hall be licenfed to manufacture tobacco or fnuff, and cf which fuch/entry (hall not have been made by fuch perfon, or which, fliall be found in any room or place, other than fuch rooms, or places as (hall be mentioned in fuch entry for the keeping thereof, (hall be forfeited and feized, and the perfon in whofo houfe, out-houfe, or poffefiion,, the fame (hall be found, fhall forfeit for every fuch table, wheel, prefs, or mill, the fum of twenty pounds; and every manufacturer of tobacco, .j,0llfe &c not ihall, for every houfe, ware-houfo, work-honfe, (hap, rooqi, in entry, job cellar, vault, or other place, which (hall be ufod for manu- > faCturing, keeping, or felling liis, her, or their tobacco or fnuff, or which iuch entry (hall have not been made, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; aud all tobacco and fnuff, which fliall at any time be*found therein, with all ca/ks, vef-fels, and packages whatfpever, containing the fame, (hall be.. forfeited and feized, by *aY officer or officers of the revenue.

LIU. And

Digitized by UooQle

*$0	The	thirty-feventh	Year	of	George	III.

A- D. LIIL And oe it enaCted, That where any entry fhall 1797.	be made' by any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco

Chap. 42.	or fnuff, of any ware-houfe, work-houfe, fhop, room, ccl-

lar, vault, pr other place for manufacturing, keeping^ Where entry or felling tobacco pr fnuff, no other entty (hall be houfc	matk ^7	ot^ manufacturer or manufacturers of tobac-

other entry Sail c0 or	not being in partner {hip with fuch manure made.	fafturer	or	manufacturers	making	fuch firft entry of the

fame ware-houfe, or work-houfe, or of any {hop, room, ccU hr, vault, or other place for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling tobacco or fnuff, under the fame rpof, or withm the femelioufe 6r tenement of which fuch firft entry {hall be then exifting, and eve« y fuch further entry made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of the fame houfe, or of any fhop, room, cellar, vault, or other place under the fame roof, or within the fame houfe or tenement, fhall be void, and all tobacco and fnuff, and the packages containing the facile, and all implements for manufacturing tobacco and fatiff found therein, not the property of the perfon or per-fons having made the firft entry, ’fhall be forfeited and feizcd by any officer of tb* revenue.

Tables deem- LTV. And be it enafted, That ev^ry table, bench, or «d tobacco ta- other fixture, tyith or without a wheel on which any to-? »	bacco Jhall be manufactured, and which fhall exceed the

length of four fedt, and1 be of the breadth of twenty-one inches, fhall be cpnfidered as a tobacco table, within the intent and meaning of‘ this aft, unlefs fuch table, bench, 'or other fixture, be kept by a licenfed manufacturer, and be ufed only for the purpofe of fixing a fiiuff-mift or mills thereto, or for making tobacco into rolls, after the fame hath been fpun.

Table more LV. And be it enafted. That every table, bench, or jj>an 11 feet other fixture ufed for the purpofe of manufacturing tobacco, inc^es°broad	which {hall be of greater length than twenty-one met, or be

deemed 2. *	of greater breadth than tweoty-one inches, fhall be confi-

dered as two tables ; and any table with which more than one wheel fhall or m y be ufed at the fame time, fhall be confidered to be fo many tables, as (hall be equal to the number of wheels ufed, or which may be ufed1 therewith,

' at one time.

Officer*to	LVI. And be it enafted, That the furveyora, gaugers,

make return*,	or other officers of the revenue, fhall from time to time,

make return or report in writing, to the colleftor in their refpeftive diftrifts, of the duties of cxdfc chargeable on tobacco, and of the perfons chargeable therewith, ip Tuch diftrifts refpeftively, and f fuch return or report fhall be a charge on all fuch perfons.

LvI) And be it enafted. That the inland or excife duty on tobacco, fhall be paid by the manufacturer or manufac-

turcrs.

N	The	thirly-ftvettfb Teat of George III.	231

turorSa of perfoli or perfons taking tobacco out of the ori- A. D. giqal package, to the colje&or of the diftriA, within feven 1797. days after fuph package (taU be opened, for the purpofe of Chap. 42. taking any tobacco out of the lame, except for a famplc, or in default thereof, all fuch tobacco (lull be forfeited and	ExcUeduty t°

feized ; and every manufacturer or per ton who (hall make rf P**' default therein, (hall for every fuch default, forfeit the fum forfeited. 5 of fifty pounds, and alfo one (hilling for every pound weight of tobacco contained in fuch original package,

LVIII. And be it ena&ed. That if any importer or other perfons who perfon dealing in tobacco, (hall fell or deliver any tobacco	tobacco

__r* * ,	•	 •	r	J	•	•	*	without	per-

to any perfon, without procuring a permit for conveying m;tg, fo-di pay fuch tobacco to fuch perfon, or if any tobacco imported by, extife duty, or which (hall have come into the poffeffion of any importer of, or dealer in tobacco, (hall not at any time afterwards be produced or (hewn to any officer of excife, upon his demanding the fame from fuch importer or dealer, or his clerk or fervant $ and if it (hall not appear that fuch tobacco was conveyed from fuch importer or dealer by virtue of a permit, fuch importer or dealer (hall be liable to, and pay the inland or excife duty thereon, according to the weight for which the import duty thereon was paid; and the officer of excife (hall charge fuch importer or dealer with fuch duty, and (hall make a return thereof to the colle&or of the dif-tri& ; and if fuch importer or dealer (hall not pay'the duty with which he (hall be charged in fuch return, witliin ten days after fuch return (hall be made, he (hall forfeit doubly the amount of the duty returned, and alfo the fum of twenty pounds for every hogffiead, or other package of fuch tobacco.

LlX. And be it enafted, That every perfon manufac- Dealers (hall taring tobacco, or dealing therein as ^forefaid, (hall pay pay excife duty, the (aid inland or excife duty for all tobacco which (hall be fold or delivered to fuch perfon, unlefs he or (he (hall prove that fuch tobacco had been fold by him or her iu the fame /late in which he or (he bought the fame, and to whom the jamc was fold, and that a permit was obtained for conveying the fame to the purchs^er;	aforeftid	endorfc-.

-spent on the (aid certificate of licenfe, (hall be evidence of the falc of the tobacco to fuch manufacturer or dealer.

^LX. And be it cnaQed, That the rcfpc&ivc duties to be officers m* paid by perfons licenfed to manufacture tobacco, or other- iCVy dunes by wife to deal in the fame as afor^faid, and the inland or excife 17 & 18 C. 2. duty on tobacco, may be levied by the officers of his IYI3-jffty’s revenue, and luch officers may, with the affiilapee of a conllable in the day-time, levy fuch fum or filing pught to be paid by t^e refpe£tive perfons, fubject to fuch Vftnfes, by	an4 fah: of tjje parties goods, in fuch

' 1	■	’	manner,



*3*

A. D.

1797-Chap. 42.

If tob Heritable, &:c. be found as herein, owners liable to, penalties.

Retailers to take out ii- % Ccnfcs.

No drawbar k on tobacco under aoolb.

Exporter to K*ve fecurity n-it to re-land tobacco.

The thirty feventh Year*of George III,

manner, and by fuch ways, as the revenue arifingby hearth-money is appointed to be levied and collected in and by an aft made in the feventeenth arid eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fccond, entitled, n additional aft for the better ordering and colicfting the revenue ari/fng by hearth-money.

LX1. And be it enafted, That if ary tobacco-taWe or wheel, or any tobacco-prefs, or fmiff-mill, fh?ff be found in the pofTefTion of any perfon, having- -alfo in his or her pofTefTion any tobacco in leaf, or in a fi.ite of manufafture, or any u n man uftift rued tobacco, exceeding the weight of one pound ; or if any unmanufactured tobacco (hall be found in the pofTefTion of any perfon, having alfo in his of her pofTefTion any inanufaftu-red tobacco, exceeding the weight of one pound ; or if ar y tobacco in a ftate of manu-fafture, (hall be found in the poHlflron of any perron, the fame fhall be conclulive evidence that fuch perf»n is a mam-fafturer of, and had manufaftiired tobacco, and-Inch perfon fhall be fubjeft to all fuch penalties as manufafturers of tobacco are fubjeft to, for any offence again ft this aft.

LX II. And be it enafted, That every perfon not being a manufacturer of tobacco, who fhall fell tobacco orfuufl by retail, fhall take out a hcenfe for that purpofe, from the col-leftor of the diflnft in which he or fhe fhall refide; which licenfe fuch colleftor fhall grant without fee or reward ; and that every perfon notlicenfedto manufafture tobacco, in whofe pofleflion fhall be found more than two pounds of manufactured tobacco, or one pound of fnufF, fhall be deemed a retailer of tobacco ; and unlels fuch perfon fhall produce fuch licenfe as af<>ref.i‘d, for retailing the fame, he or fhe fhall forfeit five pounds, and all tobacco or imifF found in his or her poffeilion, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the revenue.

LXIH And be it enafted, That no drawback or allowance of the duty on tobacco, lliall be paid on the export of any manufaftured tobacco, unlcfs the fame be exported* in packages not lefs than two hundred pounds weight each, nor unlcfs due proof be firft made, that the leaf tobacco whereof it is manufaftured, had paid the duties required by law, on the importation thereof.

LXIV. And be it enafted, That at or before the (hipping for exportation, of any manufaftured or unmanufaftured. tobacco, the exporter or exporters, with two or more per-fons to be approved of by the colleftor, or other chief officer of the port from which fuch tobacco flrall be exported, of whom the mailer or other perfon having the charge or command of the fhip or veflel in which fuch tobacco is intended to be expoitcd, fnall be or.e, fhall give fecurity by bond-to

Digitized by

Google '

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

m

his Majtfty, in a penalty after the rate of two (hillings and A# IX fix pence for every pound weight of fuch tobacco, that fuch 1797-tobacco fo fhipped, or any part thereof, fhall not be re- Chap. 42. landed within this kingdom, or the ifles of Man, Faro or Ferro ; and fuch fecurity fhall be difeharged in the manner herein mentioned ; that is to fay, for fuch tobacco as fhall be entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Great Britain, the iflar.d^ of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, thp condition of the bond fhaH be to bring a certificate iq dif-charge thereof, within fix months from the date of the bond, and within eighteen months fur fuch tobacco as fhall be entered for, and landed in any of his Majefty’s colonics, plantations, ifl mds, or territories in America or Africa, which certificate for fuch tobacco as aforefaid, as fhall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of hr? Ma-jefty’s culloms fhall be refident, fhall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefly’s cuftoms there, and fhall teftify that fuch tobacco was there landed; and for fuch tobacco as aforefaid, as fhall be entered for the iflanda of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, fuch certificate fhall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Ma-jelly’s cuftoms, if any fuch officer fhall b^ refiding in the faid iflu lids refpe&ively ; and in cafe there fhall be no fuch, officers reiident there, then by the governor or deputy go7 vemor of futh ifkinds, and for fuch tobacco as fhaji be entered for ai y foreign port, to bring a certificate, if fuch port fhall be in Europe, within fix months, and if in Africa or America, within eighteen months, under the hand and fcal of his Majefly's conful, if any fuch be there, and if not, under the hand and leal oPthe chief magiflrate of fuch port, and under the hands and feals of two known merchants then being at fuch port, that fuefy tobacco was there landed ; or fuch bond or bonds fhall be difeharged in apy of the laid cares, if fuch goods were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the fca, upon proof being made thereof, to the fatibfy&ion of tne commiffioners of the revenue.

LXV. And be it ena&cd, That the colle&or, or other OoUe&orsto proper officer of the revenue, at every port in this king- fend monthly dom, where tobacco fhall be imported, Ihall once in every returns of to-ealendar month, tranfmit or deliver to the perfon appoint- ^acco h™Portcth ed by the chief commiffiouers of the revenue to the office of the regiiler-general of tobacco, one of the land-waiters books in which his accouut fhall be entered, of the landing and difchaiging of tobacco imported at fuch port; and alio true copies of eveiy entiy of tobacco for exportation, and of the feveml endorfements relating thereto, which fhall be delivered to the proper officer or officers at fuch port where fuch tobacco fhall be entered and (hipped for exportation ;

Aid zL'o true copies of every account, which purfuant to the

directions, <

byQpOglC

*3+

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

A. D.	dire&ions herein given, fhall be delivered to any officer of

1797.	the revenue of fucn port, of tobacco intended to be mauu-

Cpnp. 42. factured by the importer or importers thereof, on his, her, or their own account, or which fhall be delivered by the importer or importers thereof to any other perfon to be manufactured for the account of fuch importer or importers, and alfo true conies of everv account, which purfuant to the dire&ions herein giveu, fhall be delivered to any officer or officers at fuch port or place by the importer or importers of tobacco fold by them to any perfon; which feveral ac-countk are 10 be kept hy the regiflcr-general of tobacco, who is to keep proper bool^s, and enter therein the fevered accounts fo tranfmitted to hitn, which feveral entries fhall bp made, and an account thereof kept in fuch manner, as that the marks and numbers on every hogfjieaj}, calk, cheft, cafe, or other package of tobacco, with the weight thereof at importation, may be compared and chequed with the marks, numbers and weights, af the exportation thereof, or when fold and drlivered for home confumption, or to be manufactured, to the intent that the identity of all fuch tobacco imported, fold} or delivered to be manufactured, may be thereby known or ascertained; and when any thing fbali appear to him to be done or pra&ifed at apy port, contrary to the directions and intentions of this aCt, he fhall immediately deliver an account thereof in writing $p the commif-fioners of the revenue; and if any collector or other chief officer of the revenue, fhall negltCl or refufe tq tran&nit $ny of the land-waiter’s books, and a true copy of evety Vnftry of tobacco for exportation, and of the feveral eudorfemehts rtlnting thereto, herein mentioned, and aUb true copies of all the accounts herein mentioned, vyitlpn the times hereby directed, he and they fo neglc&ing or refuting, fhall forfeit fifty pounds for every fitch ncgleft or refufal.

Every perfon	LXVI. And be it cnaCtcd, That every importer an4

who ha* more manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, and every other per-tiun 51b. of to- fon who fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofTeflion, b«cc« fl.all give whetbcr in the king’s flores, or in any othet place, or inv colled or ^ *ke cuft°^y	any other perfon or perfons for hty h?r, or

> their own ufe, any tobacco exceeding in quantity fiye pounds weight, either of his, her, or their property, or the property of any other perfon or perfons, fhall deliver to the collector of the diftriCt where iuch perfon or perfons fhall reiide, a true account in writing of his, her, or their name or names, and places of abode, and of the true quantity of tobacco which fuch perfon or perfons fhall, at the time of giving iu fuch account, have in his, her, or their cuftody or pof-*	feflion, or in the pofTeflion of any other perfon for ids, her,

or their ufe, which account fhall alfo contain the outward

, .	M*

Digitized by V

Google

The thirtyfeventh Tear if George III.

bulk of every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or other package in vyhich fuch tobacco (hall be contained, and alfo each of the feveral and refpeftive marl^s and number* fet upon every fuch hogfhead, cafk, chcfl, or other package refpe&ivcly, and diflinguifhing the quantity contained in each of them, and aifo the quantities In cafe or loofe, and the quantity in flalk, and number of rolls to wit, fnuffrofit, cane or pig-tail, feparately, with the exa£l weight thereof, and the particular ware-houfes, flore-houfes, cellars, or other places where the fame are then lodged ; which account fhall be figned by fuch perfon, or one of his, her, or their known fervanta or agents, with their feveral names and places of abode5 and fhall in like manner within ten days after every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September^ twenty-fifth day of December, and twenty-filth	of March,

in every year, give 30 d deliver to fuch colle&or, a like account as is herein required^ in which account fhall be contained all fuch flock of tobacco a* he, fhe, or they had on thefaid refpe&ive days; and in cafe any fuch perfon 5°^ penalty for (hall negled to give any of the accounts herein before dire^-cd at the refpe&ive times, and in fuch manner as herein dtre&ed, fuch perfon fhall for every fuch omiffion or ncglett, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and in cafe any fuch account (half appear falfe or fraudulent, all fuch tobacco-ilalks, fnuff-roll, or other kind of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a falfe or fraudulent account fhall be given, and the cafks, cl»efts, cafes, or other packages containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and fhall be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’j revenue, and the perfon or perfons fo offending, fhall forfeit treble the value thereof; and every fuch colle&or or other chief officer fhall, upon receipt of foch accoxyit, give a certificate to the perfon or perfong giving in the fame, of the quantity of tobacco by fuch perfon qr perfons fo returned to fuch collector, or other chief officer, to be in his, her, or their cuftody, power or pof-frffion, which certificate fhall be produced by fuch perfon pi* perfons to the officer who fhall take an account of his, her, or their Hock, and if fuch officer or officers upon examining fuch (lock, fhall find the fame to exceed the Quantity mentioned in fuch certificate, fuch exceeding (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by fuch officer, out of any tobacco then in the poffeffion of the perfon or perfons forfeiting the fame; and every fuch collector or other chief collectors to officer, fhall alfo upon receipt of fuch accounts, forthwith tranfmit *«-caufc the feveral goods contained in fuch accounts, to be counts to reg. examined thereby, and fhall then enter fuch accounts in a book, to be kept by every fuch colledlor, or other chief officer for that p'urpofe, and then every fuch colle&or, or other chief officer, fhall forthwith tranfmit fuch accounts to the

rcgiftcr-

Digitized by

Google .

A. D.

' 797* Chap 42.

Per font who h ive tobacco of oihws, and dil* cover, be in* duundied.

Tf ftock en-creafcd, an.l no peim t for luch, lo much maj be feized.

Officer to give a copy of account of ftock.



Officer* may enter by night or day.

*The thirJy-fevcnlb Yea? of George III.

r^gifter-genend of tobacco ; and h cak any colk<5W or other chief officer, ffiall omit to trapfmit. fuch account to the regifter-ge acral, withiu ten days aft^r he fliall have received the fame, fuch collector or chief officer.ffiall, fur every luch oiyuffion, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

LXVH. And be it enacled, That if the perfon in whofc ciiftody fuch tobacco, being tire property of any other perfon, ffiall be found, ffiall inform of fuch concealed tobacco, fuch perfon fo informing of the lame, ffiall be admitted to give evidence thereof, and ffiall in cafe fuch information or difeovery be found true, not only be indemnified againft, and exempted from the aforefaid penalty by him incun ed for fo concealing the fame, but ffiall alfo receive the informers inoiety, of what the fame ffiall fell for

LXVIII. And be it toadied, That if any increafe ffiall be found in any part of tire flock of any importer, maim* fafturer, or deala: in, dV retailer of tobacco, or other perfon fo under Hock, as aforefaid, above the quantities which ffiall appear by the flock account kept by the gauger or officer of the walk wherein fuch imported, maaufailurer, dealer, retailer, or other perfon ffiall reticle, ought to be ia the poITeffion of fuch perfon, it ffiall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to feixe out of any ‘part of the ftock, of ffich perfon a quantity equal to the quantity fo found iucreafed, uqlefe a permit or certificate fufficient to protect fuch tobacco* ffiall on demand made by fuch officer* be produced* cu* proof made that a permit or certificate haa been granted for the fame, and was afterwards loft or miftaid, and toe perfon or perfons in whofe flock fuch increafe (hall be found, ffiall forfeit five (hillings for every pound weight which ffiall be found fo increafed.

LXIX* And be it ena&ed, That every officer infpe£ling the flock of tobacco-of any perfon fo under ftock a3 aforc-ffiid, fhali, after he ffiall enter an account of the fame, give a true copy of his faid entry to fuch perfon who (hall ffiew the ftock, and give a declaration thereof; which copy, without alteration or erafement, ffiall be figned by fuch officer, and on any difference arifing between inch perfon fo under ftock, aud fuch officer, on account of any charge of increafe in ftock, fuch copy may be produced by fuch perfon fo under ftock, on any trial upon any information which may be brought agairffi fuch perfon, for any fuch increafe of ftock, and ffiall be received as evidence thereon.

LXX. And be it enabled. That it ffiall be lawful for any officer of the revenue, to enter as well by night as by day, but if between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and fix. of the clock in tj\e morning, in the prefence of a conftable, or other peace officer, into the htfufe, ftores,

(hops.

The thirty fevent h Tear of George III.

{hops, cellars, attd all other places of, or belonging to any petifon buying, manufa&uring, felling, Coring or keeping in his, her, or their cttftody or poffefiion, any quantity of tobacco, and from time to time to take an account of the tobacco found therein ; and if any pfcrlon fo buying, felling, manufacturing, or Boring, or keeping in his, her, or their cuftody or poitelhon, any quantity of tobacco as aforefaid, or fuch perfon’s wife, principal fervant, or other perfon ufually entrufted With the*Care of the (lock of fuch petfoh’a buying, felling, or Boring tobacco, lhall refufe or hinder any fuch Officer or his affiitant dr affiftants, to enter into any of his, her, or their homes, Bores, {hops, cellars, or other places, or having permitted them to enter, (hall afterwards tefufe to permit them to take, or prevent them from taking an account, from time to time, of all tobacco there found, fuch pet fou (hall forfeit the Turn of fifty pounds ; and m cafe any officer or officers fhall not get admittance, after having demanded the ftme, and declared his or their name or names and bufinefs; and after having waited halF an hour after fuch demand made, at the gate or door of*any manufacturer of tobacco, fuch inanufa&urer of tobacco (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

LXX-I. And be it ena&ed. That no manufa&urer of tobacco Brail manufa&ure, or caufc to be manufa&ured any tobacco, between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and. fix of the clock in the morning following, without fiYft giving four hours notice in writing to the officer of excifc, V'hofe duty it is to keep an account of the Beck of fuch manufadhirer, and it (ball be lawful for fuch officer, after the receipt of fuch'notice, to enter without a conftable or other peace officer mtd the work-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, or other place,’ at dny hour whatfodver, during the night, in which fuch manufa<fturer (hall give notice of his intention to«work, and to-take an account of all tobacao therein, aud fnfpect the fame.

LXXII. And be it enabled, That if any tobacco {ball be found to have been matmfadured, or in procefs of ma-ntifadure in any Work houfe, or tother place belonging to any foch manofa&urer, between the hours aforefaid, without fitch notice as aforefaid having been firft given, every fuch marrofafturer Brail, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

LXXII1. And be it erm&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for the officers of the revenue, to weigh all tobacco in or out of cafe, except fueh tobacco as fhall at the time of being put into cafe, be declared by fuch mafrafa&nrer in writing* tinder his or her hand, or under the hhnd of fome pttfbft orperfomt authorised by him or her in that''behalf,

-	to

Not fo mtom-fa&ure bctuM t*a jo in evenir”; and 6 in morning.

col. per lit y without nonce.

Tobacco ir*ay be weighed, except mundtd lor InulE.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1)8

The thirty-fcvnith Tear of George III.

Dealers in tobacco (hall (hew (lock, frames, Arc. Ire. falfe feales Src. forfeited, aid aol.



to be intended for fnuff; and if any tobacco fo declared to be put into cafe for fnuff, (hall afterwards be ufed for any other purpofe, every fuch manufacturer (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the f»»m of ten pounds

LXXIV* Ahd be it enaded* That every importer, roanyfa&urer, retailer of, pud dealer in tobacco, (hall as often as he or they (hall be required by any officer of the revenue, (hew to fuch officer all his (lock of tobaccd and fnuff, and every frame, bos, or prefs, ufed by him or her in the manufacturing the fame; and every ca(k, canifter, or other veffcl ufed by him or her for keeping or ftoring hid nr her fnuff; and (hall fumi(h fuch officer with fufficient light in all cellars and other places of fuch importer, manufacturer, retailer* or dealer, and weigh fuch parts of hid dock as (hall be required by fuch officer in his prefence, ami turnifh juft fcales and weights for weighing the fame, and attend with a proper number of his fervants for that purpofe, and if any fuch importer, minufa&urer, retailer or dealer, (hall not on demand of any officer of the revenue, (hew and weigh his, her, or their (lock of tobacco or fnuff, and every part thereof, except tobacco in cafe, which has been declared in manner by this a£t directed to be intended for fnuff, or (hail not fumjfh fuch officer with fufficient light, or juft fcales and weights, or attend with a fufficient number of liis fervants to weigh the fame; or (hall not (hew and declare iu writing under his hand, within half an hour, if fuch officer (hall have demanded the fame, the quantity of his, her, or their feparate ftocks of tobacco loofe or in package, or number of rolls of cane and pigtail, dr fnuff roll, or quantity of ftalk-tobacco, or tobacco in cafe, particularly expreiitng the quantities of each kind, or (hall not declare the llock of tobacco fo (hewn, to be the entire ftock then on hands of fuch importer, manufa&urct, retailer, or dealer, every fucb importer, manufacturer, retailer or dealer, offending in any fuch cafe, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds: And to prevent unneceffary delays to the officers in the execution of their faid duty, it; is hereby directed, that all tobacco that (hall be weighed upon the officer’s demand as aforefaid, (hall be weighed in feveral parcels, each of a dirtin£t and feparate fpec«es or denomination, containing not lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds in each draft, and that all packages of tobacco exceeding that weight, (hall be weighed without breaking or dividing the fame; and if any perfon in whofe poffeffion fuch tobacco (hall be found, (hall in weighing his, tier, or their ftock, ufe or caufe to be ufed, any untrue of Infufficient fcales or weights, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit fuch fcales and weights* together with twenty Aunds.

a	LXXV. And

Digitized by

Google

*The thirty fcvenlh Tear of George IIL

t,XXV. And be it ena&ed, That fo foon as any manufacturer of tobacco (hall have fintfhed manufacturing any tobacco fo put in* cafe as aforcfaid, intended for roll-tobacco, he (hall immediately deliver to the furveyor or gauger, or other proper officer of the walk wherein fuch manufacturer (hall have been liccnfed to manufacture tobacco, a declaration in writing, fpecifying the number of roll# of tobacco, and weight of tobacco-ftalks and items anting from the quantity of leaf tobacco put into every fuch cafe ; and- (Hall keep all fuch roll-tobacco, (talks and (terns, feparatc front all other rolls of tobacco, (talks or Items, for the fpace of twenty-four hours from the time of delivering fuch declaration, or until the officer (hall liave taken au account thereof, and (hall in like manner fo loon as he or (he (hall have finifli-fcd manufacturing any tobacco weighed out of cafe, and declared to have been intended for fnuff into fnuff-roll, ira* mediately deliver to fuch furveyor or gauger, a declaration in writing, fpecifying the number of (nun-rolls and weight thereof, ariting from the quantity of leaf tobacco, (talks and Items, fo weighed out of cafe for fnuff-roll, and (hall ke£p fuch fntiff-rolia feparate and apart from all other fnuff-roll, for the fpace of twenty-four hours, from the time of delivering fuch declaration, or until the officer (hall have taken an account thereof, and (hall in like manner, fo foon as he or (he (hall have finilhed manufacturing into fnuff, any fnuff-roll or tobacco weighed out in manner aforcfaid for fnuff, immediately deliver to fuch officer a declaration in writing, fpecifying the weight of fuch fnuff, and returns of tobacco, as (hall be produced from fuch fnuff-roll or tobacco refpei> tivcly, and keep fuch fnuff feparate from all other fnuff, for the fpace of twenty-four hours, or until the officers (hall have taken an account thereof; or (hall for every omif-fion in any of the cafes aforefaid, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.	*

LXXVl. And be it ena&ed, That every manufaCWer •r retailer of fnuff, (h ill at his oWn expende, provide cafks or other veffels for iloring his or her fnuff in, and (hall number each fuch cafk or veffel in arithmetical progeilion, beginning with the number one, and (hall mark thereon the exaCl tare or weight thereof, and place and keep all fuch calks and veffels m fuch manner aud form, as that the officers of excife may eaiily weigh the fame, and examine the contents thereof; and if any inuff (hall be found in the poffellion of any manufacturer or retailer of fnuff, except in calks or vci-fcls numbered and marked as aforefaid, fuch manufacturer oc retailer (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds	K

LXXVII. And be it ena&ed, That if it (hall appear by Sufficient proof, that fuch perfon or perfor.s fo under ftock,

as

When roil-tobacco i» finilhed, a de-‘ clafation (hall be given to officer, containing number, weight, See.

Mrrvif: Carers ind retailers to number anri m irk -i« di-rc&etl, jv-na;:f XOj.

$9. per pound weight penalty on taking permit* for in >re

thin (tccfcaffc of fiock.

Fxcife duty charged.

Per Tons (hall fhew tobacco to officers on re* quell.

Frame* or boxes to be ere&edfbr holding tobacco in cafe.

The thirty Seventh Tear of George t tins aforefaid, (hall have delivered or taken out permit or per* mit**, for more tobacco than a decreafe (hail appear for in the flock of fuch nerfou'a toba- co, fuch perfon (hall forfeit at the rate of five (hillings per pound, for every pound it (hall be proved he or fhe (kali havefo delivered, or for which a permit or permits (ball have been taken out, for whicn there (hall not be a proportionable decreafe in his or her flock of tobacco, making a reafonablc allowance, not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every hundred pounds Weight, us an rnereafe by manufacture on all foil tobacco fold or delivered.

LXXVIII. And be it enafted, That every ilnaimfaClii-rer of tobacco, (hall he charged with the duty of exCife f<W aH tobacco which (hall be found increafed in any tobacco in cife, and (hall forfeit five fh Wings for every pound weight of fitch tobacco fo increafed as aforefaid,

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every foch manufacturer, retailer, orothtr perfon buying or ftoring tobacco fur himfelf or any other perfon as aforefaid, (hall, at the requeft or any officer of excife, (hew or caufe to be (hewn to him foch tobacco, and aH other tobacco which he or (be may then have on hands, and declare what he or (he (hall then fhew, or eaufe to be (hewn, is all the flock of tobacco which he or (he fhrtll then have; and as often as any offi er of the revenue (hfdl vifit fuch perfou's houfc or (lores, fuch perfon at the requeft of fuch officer, fhalt declare whether any and what part of fuch (lock of tobacco was fold or delivered fince the lafl iifpeCtion thereof by the officer, and in that cafe fuch perfon (hall declare to fuch officer, out of what parcel the fame was taken, together with the number thereof, and to Whom delivered ; and (hall produce to fuch officer the copy of the certificate for fnch parcel, in order that the quantity fo delivered may be endorfed thereon, or in default or refufal thereof, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

LXXX., And be it enaCled, That every manufa&urer of tobacco and fnuff, (hall make, ere&, preferve, and keep or caufe to be made, credled, preferred and kept, a frame or frames, box or boxes clofe boarded or tailed, of fuch dimen-fions as (hall bed fuit fuch manufacturer's convenience, for the puvpofe of laying his or her tobacco in cafe therein, and fhall place or fix the fame in a convenient manner, fo that any officer of the revenue may, at all times eafily mfpcCl fuch fratne or frames, box or boxes, and take the dimenfionr thereof; and fuch manufacturers fo often as they fiuH Jay any tobacco in cafe, (hall lay the fame in cafe, in fuch frame or frames, box or boxes, as aforefaid, or in default thereof* every perfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

LXXXjt. And



Digitized by *

The thirty-fcventh Tear of George III.

1/XXXl. And be it ex&Aed, That all tobacco fo put in cafe, to be manufactured into roll tobacco or fnuft* fhall be put therein in the day-time, within the fpacc of three days after the fame /ball be unpacked, and fhall be put therein in fuch frame or frame** bo* or boxes, a* aforefaid, in the prefence of the officer immediately after weighing the fame, and fuch tobacco (hall be laid level and packed clofc in fuch. box or boxes, frame or frames; and after the fame (hall be fo done, fuch manufacturer (hall not add any tobacco, tobacco-ftalks or items thereto* or take out and repack the fame, or any part thereof* except in the prefence of fuch officer, who (ball take an account thereof in manner aforefaid; and fuch manufacturer (hall on every of his or her packages, par* cels, a,nd rolls of tobacco, both in and out of prefs, affix to and keep as long as the fame (hall remain in his or her cuftody, a ticket in view whereon (hall be legibly written in words in length on the outfide of fuch ticket, the number of pounds contained in fuch package or roll, under the pc* nalty of five pounds for every fuch ncgleCt*

LXXXll. And be it enaCted, That upon every compu* tation to be made between unmanufactured leaf tobacco* and tpbacco in cafe ot manufactured roll tobacco of any kind, a reafouable allowance not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every one hundred pounds weight, (hall be made for the in-creafc of weight in manufacture, and upon any computation between unmanufactured tobacco and fnuff* the manufacturer fhall be allowed a credit not exceeding eighty pounds weight of fnuff for every one hundred pounds Weight of tobacco ufed in making fuch fnufft

LXXXill. And be it enaCted* That all tobacco in packages, containing lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight* which fhall be legally condemned upon fei-zure, fhall before (he fame fhall be fold, be opened and packed in packages, containing not lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each ; which packs or packages fhall be marked with fuch mark as the commiffioners or collectors of excife fhall direCt and appoint, and be num« bered, and in cafe different feizures of fmall quantities of tobacco fhall be made, fuch feizures fhall be weighed fepa-rately, and afterwards packed together in packages of four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, in manner aforefaid; and every perfon who fhall buy fuch tobacco, or any part thereof, at any fucb (ale or tales, as aforefaid, fhall before fuch perfon fhall take the fame into his or hei: cuftody, receive a certificate for the fame from the regiftet of feizures, or furveyor of the ftores or other proper officer who fhall grant the fame on demand without fee or reward. Which certificate fhall contain the marks and .numbers, net

Vol. XI.	weight,

How tobacco manufacturing into roll or fnuff (hall be put into Cafe.

Allowance for encreafe of tobacco or (huff.

Condemned tobacco (hall be put in packages nptjefs than 4

If marts nr numbers altered, See. fuch

hoarfhead*, &c.

forfeited.

Vantages of

immtjmfa&ur-

ed tobacco, forfeited.

Not to extend to Samples.

Ko draw-hack for unma-tiufa&ured tobacco mixed with other fuattor.

The thirty•fevcnlh Year of George III.

height, with the buyers name, and the day on which fuch tobacco fhall have been fold, which certificate and tobacco fhall be fubjeCt and liable to fuch regulations and provifion* as in cafes of tobacco, bought from an importer, faCtor, or other perfon dealing therein.

LXXXIV. And be it enaCted, That if any mark or utimber which was burned in or fet upon any hogfhead, cafk$ cafe, or other package of tobacco, before or at the importation thereof into this kingdom, or which was burned in or fet thereon in this kingdom before the exportation thereof from hence, fhall be in any wife altered or defaced, or if fuch marks or numbers fet upon any hogfhead, cafk, cheft, cufe or other package whatfoever, fhall by turning the head , or heads of any fuch hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, or other package inwards, or by any other means be concealed from view, then, and in any fuch cafes, every fuch hog-ihcald, cafle, cheft, cafe, or other package whatfoever of tob^ced, the mark whereof fhall be to altered or defaced or concealed, as aforefaid, fhall be feized and forfeited.

LXXXV. And be it enaCteds That no tobacco fhall be laden on board any (hip or veffel in any port in this kingdom, to the intent to be exported except in hoglheads, calks, chefts or wooden cafes, each containing, if luch tobacco fhall be unmanufactured, four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, and if manufactured, two hundred pounds weight, or more, upon pain of the forfeiture of luch tobacco, and of the hogfhead, cafk, cbeft, or cafe containing the fame.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend to calks or other packages containing famples tobacco, toot exceeding ten pounds weight, (hipped and exported at the fame time and place with the hogfheads, calks, chefts, or wooden cafes, out of which fuch Samples were taken.

LXXXVII. And be it en&Cted, That no drawback fhall be allowed for any unmanufactured tobacco, which fhall be mixed wkh any other matter, nor for any manufactured tobacco, which is or (hall be mixed with any ingredients not neceflary or wfual in the manufacturing thereof, and every perfon who lhaH enter or (hip for exportation, any tobacco unmanufactured, mixed with any other matter, or any manufactured tobacco, otherwise mixed than as aforefaid, or who lhall enter any thing for exportation as tobacco, which upon examination by the proper officer, ffiall appear not to be tobacco, contrary to the true meaning hereof, (hall forfeit all fuch goods, and the hogfheads, eafks, chdts, cafes, and other packages in which they are contained, and alfo the fum of one hundred pounds for ercry hogfhead, calk, chdt, cafe, or other package thereof.

LXXXVIII. And

The thiriyfeventh Tear of George III.

LXXXVIIL And be it enaCbed, That if any manufacturer of tobacco, fhall keep any (hop or (hops for the retail of manufactured tobacco, or fnuff, which (hall not be immediately adjoining the work-houfe or work-houfes of fuch manufacturer, it (hall not be lawful for any fuch manufacturer to remove fibm his work-houfe, to any fuch (hop, any lefs ouantity of tobacco than fifty-fix pounds weight, nor lefs than fifteen pounds weight of fnuff at any one time ; and if any tobacco or fmtff fhaH be removed from the work-hottfe, or other place of any fuch manufacturer, to any fuch (hop as aforefaid, or (hall have been found to have been removed or brought into any £uch (hop, in any lefs quantity or quantities than as afbretaid, all fuch tobacco or fnuff (hall be forfeited, ahd fuch manufacturer (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

L, XXXIX. And be it cnaCted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this aCt, other than and except as by this aCt is other wife provided for, f^all and may be fued for, recovered, and levied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an aCt of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, An a8 for the fettling of exetfe or new im* foi upon hit Majefty^ hit heirs and fuccejfors, according to the book of rates therein infertcd> as fully and effectually to all intents, conftruCtions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, ex prefled, and enaCtcd in this aCt, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, as in and by the (aid. aCt is provided.

. XC. And be it enaCted, That this aCt fhall continue' and be of force until /the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou find feven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

*43

Where (hops arenpt adjoining work-houfes, no lefs than 561b. of tobacco, or »5lb of (buff, (hall be removed.

Fines, fiec. recovered by 14 5e 15 C. a.

In Inf ce tilt *4 Jnne, 179*.

CRAP* XLIV.

An-Ail for the Preforoathn of Pfiates belonging to Purifies.

WHEREAS fcheTC are fcverkl parifhes in this kingdom . whith art ehdowed with tflates in lands, tenements, aod hereditaments* of which the refpe&ive incumbents of laid parifhes are ferzed in fee, iu truit for the faid parities, aod thc£aid cilaaf> are ufuafly let# and demifed by the faid j	Q^2	incumbents,

Digitized by

Google

344

*Tht thiiiy-fccenlh Ttarof George III.

Incumbents poffefTedof fee Umple eftates, %< c. as herein.

incumbents, with the confent of the parifhioners of (aid parifhes in veftry affembled, teftified by the church wardens of faid parifhes, or other pcrfons appointed for that purpofe by the raid parifhioners fo affembled, being parties to, and executing the Ieafes, by which the faid eitates, or any parts or parcels thereof, are demifed, and let to farm, and the annual rents of the (aid eftates are applicable to, and ought to be applied by refpeftive mcurabents and church-wardens of feid parifhes, in repairing the churches of faid parifhes, 4nd in fupport of poor and indigent pcrfons within the (aid pariihes reipe&ively, and in payment and difcharge of parochial ex-pences ufuafty defrayed by parilh cedes, and in other pious and charitable ufes: and whereas divers abides and frauds, have been committed, as well in the leafing of fieveral parts of the (aid eftates for fucli long teim of ycprs, as in cffe& to. prevent any encrcafe in the rents of the parts fo demifed for ages to come, as alfo at low rents, greatly under the real value of the faid eftates, or the parts thereof fo demifed, and the rents of (aid eftates have been frequently fraudulently mifapplied, in fo much, that there are juft grounds to apprehend that the pious and charitable purpofes to which the incomes of the faid eftates are applicable, may, by foch fraudulent pra&ices, be utterly defeated: and whereas doubt* have arifen, whether any Ieafes executed of the faid eftates, or any parts or parcels thereof, by the refpe&ive incumbents of faid parifhes, and the church-wardens, or other perfons. appointed for that purpofe by the refpedtive parifhioners of faid pariihes, in veftry affembled, are good and valid in law : for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the King,s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parlia-* ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every incumbent of any parifh in this kingdom, who is, or (hall be feized of any eftate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments in fec-fimple, to him and his fucceffors, in truft for fuch parifh, to let and de-mife the faid eftate, or any part and parcel thereof, for any term of years, not exceeding forty-one years, with the confent of the ordinary of the diocele, ana of the majority of the proteftant parifhioners of fuch parifh in veftry affembled, without taking any thing by way of fine, at the full improved yearly rent of the faid eftate, or the part and parts thereof then demifed, at the peril of the lcffees who mail take the fame, fo as fuch leafe or Ieafes be not made to commence m future, and fo as in fuch leafe or Ieafes fhali not be contained any power, liberty, or privilege for the leflee or leftees to commit wafle, or to be difpunimable 6f wade, and fo as that there fhali not be any other leafe or Ieafes of the (aid eftate,

or

Digitized by t^ooQle

Content of or$

The thirty fcDenth Tear of George III.

or any part or parcel thereof fo demifed, which (hall not expire, or be ended and determined within the (pace of one year next coming from the commencement of fuch new leafe or leafes, and fo as counterparts of fuch new leafe or leafes be entered in the regiftry-book of the ordinary of the diocefe,

' and in the vcftiy-book of the parifh.

II.	And be it ena&ed, by the authority aforefaid. That

the confent of the ordinary of the diocefe mall be written at dinary to be the foot, or on the back of all and every fuch leafe and leafes,	as

or in a fchedule or fchedules to be annexed thereto, fub- herein*, feribed with his band, and fealed with his archiepilcopal or

cpifcopal feal, and that the confent of the majority of the proteftant pariOiioners of the (aid parifh, in veftry aflembled,

(hall be written at jtbc foot, or on the back of fuch leafe or leafes, or in a fchedule or fchedules to be*annexed thereto, and fubferibedby the church-wardens for the timf being, and by two other pioteftant parifhioners, to be elefted by the majority of the proteftant parifhioners in veftry aflembled, and appointed as their attormes or pro&ors for that purpofe, and iealed with their feals refpt&ively, and that they (hall therein fpecify the year, month, and day, on which the proteftant pariihioners of fuch parifh, in veftry aflembled, consented to the faid leafe or leafes; and on wliich fuch confent Was entered in the veftry book of faid parifli.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,	Leafe*rrt-

That all and every leafe and leafes of any eftate, in lands, tc-	flnee

nements, or hereditaments, held in trull for, or belonging to 27^

*ny parifti or pariiheain this kingdqm, or of aay part or par- in^y manner cel thereof, which are, or have been executed, or (hall be from this a&, executed at any time or times, fubfequCnt to the firft day of (hall b« void. Auguft, laft pad, in any particular differing from, or contrary to the feveral claufes and urovifoes, and the true intent and meaning of this a£lt (ball be null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

IV.	And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Portent difc That no perfon whatfoever, who, by the laws and ftatutes qualified tp vote, now in force in tin’s kingdom, is incapacitated and disqualified &c’as

to vote at any veftry or veftries, for rebuilding or repairing of churches, (hall be capable of giving his or her vote, at any veftry or veftries, in any matter or bufinefs to be heieafler t ran faded in fuch veftry or veftries, refpcdling the letting or demiiing of the eftate or eftates in land*, tenements^ or hcre-% ditamerus, or of any part or pared thereof, belonging to, or held in truft for any parifh or parifhes in this kingdom, or in any matter or bufineU refpe&ing the difpofing of ths income, or any part of the income of Inch eftates.

V.	And be it further cnadled by the authority aforefaid. Incumbents

That the incumbent of every parifh which is endowed with to furnifh »c-

*	-	-nv	counts annually,

dec.

{

*4$ *

A. D.

The thirtyfeventh Tear of George IIL

any eftatc in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner herein before mentioned, (hall furntfh, and give to the ordinary of the diocefe in which fuch parifti is fituated, or his vicar-general, every year, at the annual vifitation of (aid diocefe, an account orfchedule fairly written, and fubferibed by the (aid incumbent and church-wardens of faid parifti, fating the feveral tenants* names of the faid cdates, their occupations and places of abode, the terms demifed by their refpeftive leafes, together with the dates of the refpeftive commencements thereof, the rents payable by them refpcc-tively, and the fums received by the faid incumbent and church-wardens, and their immediate predeceflors, out of the faid eftate, during the year ending on the firft day of Mar, immediately preceding inch vifit at ion, and dating particularly the expenditure of the faid annual income of laid eftate, during the faid year, and the items of fuch expenditure; faid account to be depofited in the regiftry of the diocefe in which fuch parifh is fituated.

Chap. xlv.

Amended and dht aS fir regulating the tfuing of Licenfes fir the Sale of continued to 29 Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, ana Spirituous Liquors by Retold, Sept. 1799. 38 and fir preventing the immoderate Ufe ef Spirituous Li-0 3- 7S*	qtsors.

Preamble* T T XHEREAS an aft of parliament pafled hift fefiton of VV parliament, entitled. An aB for regulating the tfuing Of licenfes fir the fale of ppirituous liquors by retail, and fir remedying the abufes which have arifen from the immoderate ufe of fuch liquors ; willexpireon the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feten hundred and ninety-feven : and whereas the faid aft hath not been found fufficient to an-fwer the purpofes thereby intended 5 be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by aiid with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritital and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembied, and by the

Spirit Iicenfe authority of the fame, That from and after the paffmg of of hft frificn this aft, the faid aft be, and is hereby repealed, fave as to repealed si herv- t^e rcme<jics thereby given for profecuting, fuing for, and recovering anj penalty or forfeiture incurred for $my offence againft the faid aft.

Collectors of II. Aud for regulating the iffuing of licenfes for the re-tail of wine; be it enafted, That the colleftors of his Ma-liccnfcs.	jefty’s revenue may grant licenfes to perfons in their refpcc-

tive diftrifts to fell vanes by retail, upon receipt of the

* duties

Digitized by

Google

The thlrlyfeventh Ytar of George III.

duties payable upon fuch licenfes refpeftively, and fuch fees thereon refpe&ively, to the collectors granting the fame, as have been heretofore eftablifhed bylaw.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That any perfon who fhall fell wine in any quantity lrfs than one gallon, and any perfon who fhall fell any ale or beer in any quantity lefs than ten gallons, except perfons felling porter in eorked bottles, to be confumed out of his or her houfe, fhall be deemed a retailer of fuch of the faid liquors as he or fhe fhall fell.

IV.	And be it enaCted, That if any perfon fhall fell any beer or ale by retail, without having ohtaiped fuch H-ccnfe as hereafter mentioned, every fuch perfon fhall for every offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

V* And be it ena&ed. That there fhall be payable unto Amount of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceffors, for every licenfe to be licenfes to be granted for felling any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail in Afferent4 aits'* the city ef Dublin, and in all places within the circular road 0f the kiuxdoiii. funrounding the faid city, and within the diftriCt of the	*

metropolis of Dublin, twenty pounds * and in every place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diftant more than two miles therefrom, the fum of fifteen pounds; and in every other place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diffant more than five miles therefrom, the fum of ten poujnch?; and within the city of Cork, and all places fiirroundecj by the faid city, the fum of twenty pounds ; and within the reft of the county of the faid city, the fum of fifteen pounds; and within the city of Waterford* the fum of twenty pounds t and within the reft of the county of the til city, the fum of fifteen pounds) and v^hin thje jcity of Limerick* and all placQS futrounded by the faid city, the , ftim of twenty pounds; and within the reft of the county jof the faid city, the fum of fifteen pounds; and within all other cities, corporate towns, and market towns* and with-, in otie mile of the town-houfe* market-Houfe* or principal ; market-place thereof, the fum of fix pounds ; and for every licenfe for felling fuch fpirituous liquors in any other part>of this kingdom, a fum of four pounds yearly, as herein after is provided.

VI.	And be it enaCted, That every licenfe to fell wine-and ale by retail, (hall continue of force for one year* feom the twentyAninth day of September in every year*

VII.	And be it enabled, That nq liqcnfe be glinted to Lcenft* ta any perfon to fell by retail any fpirituous liquors within the bc f?rantcJ *4 city of Dublin, and the circular toad fiurounding the faid hcron* city, or the diltritt of the metropolis of Dublin, or in apy

place beyond the circular road, and the.wall of his Majcfty park the fhocnix, not diftant more than fiye miles thcr*-

ftgxn4

Pet fans itr* fell wine, flic, as herein.

Digitized by

Google

Lic^nfcs to lx produced to (fats of pc*te.

Before licenfe in grunted bond %j be entered into.

from j or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, or within the reft of the counties of the faid cities, except to fiich perfons as keep vi&ualling-hQufes, inns or taverns, and alfo fell ale by retail 5 and to perfons who keep coffee-houfes, and who refpe&ively ufe and exercife no other trade or bufinefs whatever ; and any licenfe which fhaU Ik granted to any perfon exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a grocer, or pfing or exercifing any trade or bufinefs, other than as afere-faid, either in his own name, or in the name of any other perfon, or having any intcreft, emolument, or profit in or out of any other trade or bufinefs, or in whofe boufe where he or fhe (ball be licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, or in any adjoining houfe or building which fhall communicate with fuch houfe, the trade or bufinefs of a grocer, of ?ny other trade or bufinefs, other than as aforefaia, (hall be carried on in any public fiiop or room, or who fhall not be a vi&ualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, felling ale by re* tail as aforefaid, or coffee-houfe keeper, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared null and void* and the perfon whofe licenfe (hall fo become null and void, (hall be deemed an un-licenfed retailer of fpirhuous liquors, and (hall be fubjedt to fuch penalties as retailers of fpirituous liquors without licenfe are, by this a&, made fubjedt to.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That no perfon (hall be deemed a vi&ualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, within the meaning of this ad, who (hall not furnifh or fell vi&uals to bo con fumed in his or her houfe.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That no licenfe for the retail of fpirituous liquors, fhall be granted to any perfon, unlefs a licenfe tq fuch perfon to feu beer or ale, or keep 1 coffee* houfe, (hall be produced to the clerk of the peace, who fhaQ grant a licenfe to fuch perfon to retail fpirituous liquors, and fuch clerk of the peace ihall upon the licenfe for the retail of fpirituous liquors, certify that fuch licenfe to fell b*er or ale, or to keep a coffee-houfe, hath been produced to him, and (hall certify the date of fuch licenfe, and the name and office of the perfon by whom the fame hath been granted.

X.	And be it ena&ed, That before any licenfe for the fale of fpirituous liquors by retail, within die city of Dublin, or within the faid circular road, pr the diftrift of the metropolis of Dublin, or in any plape beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majefty's park the Phoenix, not diftant more than furs miles therefrom, or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within the reft of the counties of the faid cities, (hall he granted to any perfon, fuch perfon, with two fufficient fureties, not being diftiilers or publicans, (hall enter into a bond to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of fifty pounds;

Digitized by k^ooQle

Tit thirty feventb Tear of George Til,	*49

and in any other part of this kingdom, fueh perfon with A. D. two fueh furetiesas aforefaid, {hall enter into a bond to his 1797. Majefty, in the fum of twenty pounds, conditioned that Chap, 45, fnch perfon (hall, during the time fueh licenfe (hall be of force, be conftantly provided with ftrong beer or ale, and vi&uals for (ale by retail, and {hall fupply all travellers with fueh vi&uals, beer, ale, and fpirituous liquors, refpedively, and fell the fame at reasonable rates; and {hall not fell fpirituous liquors on a Sunday, before the hour of four of the ft clock in the afternoon, nor in the morning of any other day before funrife, nor after an unfeafonable hour in the evening; nor to any tradefmen, artificers, or labourers, reforting to hi* or her hoiife, for the purpofe of receiving wages due to them; and {hall not willingly or knowingly entertain any artificers or tradefmen, or other perfons aflembling for the purpofe of entering into any unlawful combination, or aflo-ciation, or perfons in aims, who are not qualified by law to carry the feme 5 which bonds the colle&or of the county of Dublin excife, “ and the fcveral clerks of the peace are hereby empowered and required to take; and no licenfe for the fale of fpirituous liquors by retail, as afore-faid, {ball be granted to any perfon who (hall have fo entered into bond with, and become furety for any perfon fo licenfed, during the time that his faid bond and furety fhall continue |n force againfl him.

XI.	And be it ena&ed, That no licenfe {hall be granted perfons to to any perfoq to fell by retail, ale, beer, cider, or fpirituous get certificates liquors within the diftrid of the metropolis of Dublin, m fup. unlefs the perfon applying for fueh licenfe {hall obtain a cer- fih'lrate. tificate from the fuperintendant magi ft rate for the time being,

or in any place out of the faid diftrid, unlefs fueh perfon fhall obtain a certificate from two juft ices of the peace, iu manner herein after direded, that fueh perfon applying for a licenfe, is a proper perfon to be licenfed, nor unlefs the perfons who {hall be pvOpofcd to be fureties for the perfon applying for a licenfe, be named in fueh certificate, and therein approved of by fueh fuperintendant magiftratp or juftices.

XII. And for the more eafily obtaining of certificates	Spec id	r**f

from the juftices of the peace to entitle perfons to licenfes	W	hell

for felling ale, beer, cider, or fpirituous liquors by retail; ash^m for

be ft enaded, That between the feffions in the month of	ccrtl	*

July, and the twentieth day of September following, in

every year, a fpeciaL feflions {hall be held in every county of

a city, except the county of the city of Dublin, or county

of a town, and in every barony, and half-barony, within

every county in this kingdom, for the purpofe of granting

fueh certificates to perfons redding within fueh county of a

Digitized by i^ooQle

iso

A. D.

* 797-Chap. 45.

Colle&or* to endorfc certificate* or. receipt of duty.

The thirtyftrtnth Tear of George III.

city, or county of a town, barony, or half-barouy, refpec-tively ; and at the fefiions held in the month of July yearly, in every county of a city, except as aforefaid, county of a town, or county at large, the juftices there afTembled, (hall Tefpe&ively appoint the feveral times, previous to the twentieth day of September following, when and where within the counties at large, the feveral towns and other places in the feveral baronies and half-baronks, in fuch counties at large, where fuch fpecial ftfiions (hall be held; and in cafe no jufticc (hall attend at fuch July feflions, or in cafe the juftices fo attending, fhall negled. to appoint fuch feflions as aforefaid, then the clerk of the peace fhall appoint the times and places refpc&ively in like manner, and the clerk of the peace within fuch counties of cities, and counties of towns refpe&ively, fhall forthwith caufe notice of the time at which fuch fpecial feflions fhalLbe appointed, to be polled on the feflion-houfe of fuch county of a city, or county of a town ; and in like manner, the clerk of the peace within each county at large, fhall caufe notice to be polled on each parifh church, within every barony, and half-barony, and in fuch other places as the juftices at fuch feflions Jhalidirefl, of the time when, and place where fuch fpecial feflions fhall be appointed for fuch barony, or half-barony refpedtively ; and any two or more juftices afTembled at any fuch fefiions fo appointed* fhall proceed to enquire whether the perfons requiring fuch certificates, are proper perfons to , be licenced to fdl fpirituous liquors by retail, and whether the fureties named for fuch perfons whom they fhall think pioper to be liccnied are fuflicient; and not fewer than two fuch juftices of the peace, fhall, in open court, give a certificate under their hands and feal«, to every perfon applying for the fame, whom they fhall judge proper to be licenfed, and the place of the refidence of fuch perfon, and the names and places of abode of fuch perfons propofed to be fureties in fuch bond as afoiefaid* whofe fecurity fhall be approved of by fuch juftices, fhall be deferibed in fuch certificates ; provided the faperintendant magiftrate or juftices, as the fafe fhall be, fhall not grant any fuch, unlefs the perfon applying for the fame, fhall have taken and fubferibed the oath of allegiance.

XIII.	And be it enabled, That the feveral colle&ors of excue in this kingdom, in their refpe&ive diftri&s, fhall, upon production of fuch certificate granted ns aforefaid, and upon receipt of the duty by this ad required tej be paid, and a fee of two (hillings, together with one fhilling in the pound of the laid duty to be retained By fuch colleclor for his own ufo, endorfe on fuch certificate a receipt for the faid duty, and thereupon the clerk of the peace within fuch

t county

The thirty fcvcntk Teat of George III.	25	c

county of a city, county of a town, or county at large re- A. D. fpe&ively, as the cafe may be, (hall grant licenfes to all *797* perfons who fhali produce fuch certificate, and receipt as ‘ Chap. 4^* aforefaid, and (hall enter into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fiicceflors, as herein directed; for the filling up of which ficenfe and bond, fuch clerk of the peace (hall receive for his own ufe, from the perfon applying for fuch licenfe, a fee of one (hilling, and no more.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That all li- Licebfc* for cenfes for the fale of ale, beer, cider, and fpirituous li-

quors, within the diftridt of the metropolis of Dublin, fhaJl leao^of co.C° * be iftiied by the coUe&or of the county of Dublin diflrift as Dublin, heretofore.

XV. And be it ena&ed, That if the'juft ices (hall negledt	When juftices to attend at any of the times or places which (hall be fo ap- d° n<* atten<h pointed, then and in fuch only, it fhali be lawful for the ^derfere colle&or of the diftrift, upon the production of a like cer- ccjpts> tificate of any two fureties of the peace, if within a county

of a city, or county of a town, and if within a county at large, upon the production of a like certificate of any two juftices of the peace refiding in the barony, or half-barony, in which the perfon applying for fuch licenfes refides, or if there be not two juftices reiident in iuch barony, or half-barony, then upon the production of. the like certificate of the two next refident juftices, and upon receipt of the duty, by this aCt required to be paid, and fuch fees as aforefaid to fueh collector, to endorfo on fitch certificate a receipt for the faid duty, and thereupon the clerk of the peace /hall grant a licenfe in like manner, and upon fuch terms and conditions as are herein before directed, with refpeCt to certificates, figned by juftices at feilions.

XVI.	And be it enaCted, That every perfon, defirotis of Perfons ap-obtaining a licenfe to fell as aforefaid, /hall, two days at the plying for li-leaft, previous to the July feflions of the peace in each year, c*n^es

.give notice in writing to .the clerk of the .peace of the conn- before Julr ty of the city, or cotfnty of the town, or county, at large, feflions, toJ 7 whierdn.he oi-{he rifides,> of his or her intention to apply clerks of peace, for a licenfe to fell alc^bcer, cider, or fpirituous liquors, at Ac. the next feffions to be appointed for granting certificates as afordaid, fpecifying the houfe, town, or town-land, pari/h, and barony, or half-barony, and if in the cotfaty of a city 4r county of a town, the road, ftreet, fquare, lane, or other description of place, where he or (he refides, as aforefaid, and the name and refidenCc qf the perfons, he or (he intends to profpofc aa furetic*, and in default of giving fuch notice, no certificate /hall be granted to fetch perfon.

XVI. And be it enabled, That the clerk of the peace Abftra&sof (hall deliver an abftradl of all fuch notices to the juftices, notices to be

'	'	at	given to juf-

ticcs.

Digitized by Google

A. D.

1797-Chap. 45.

Juftices to enquire on oath, into charatftcrs of perfon* ap-piying.

Perfons r©-fufed may appeal to general f«ffiona.

Dufy to be paid. & herein.

Ucmfes

fraudulently obtained, mall be void.

at the opening of the general or quartcr-fcflions in every month of July, and (hall pod a copy thereof on the door of "the feffion-houfe, on the faid day.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That the juftices, who (hall attend any (pecial feflions appointed as aforefaid, (hall esquire, and they arc hereby authorized and directed to enquire upon oath in open court, into the character of every perfon who have fo given notice of an intention to apply for. a licenfe to fell, as aforefaid, within the barony or half-barony, or county of a city, or county of a town, where fuch feflions (hall be held, whether be or (he be a perfon of good fame, fober life, and orderly conduft, and in every rcfpe& proper to be entrufted with licenfe, and whether the fureties offered be good and fufficient for the Turns they are to be reCpe&ively bound in.

XIX.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon who (hall apply in manner herein before directed for fnch certificate, as aforefaid, and the juftices affembled at the feflions appointed for granting certificates, or the magiftrate or juftices, as the cafe may be, to whom fuch application (hall have been made, (hall refufe to grant the fame, and the perfon fo applying (hall think himfelf or herfclf aggrieved by fuch re-fufal, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch perfon to appeal to the next general feflions of the peace, to be held m the city, town, or county, in which luch perfon (hall re-fide; and in cafe the juftices at fuch feflions of the peace fhall think fuch perfon proper to be licenfed, and (hall approve of the fureties to be named by fuch perfon, and (hall under their hands and feals, give a like certificate as herein before mentioned, thereupon a licenfe (hall be granted under the like terms and regulations as are herein before directed.

XX	And be it ena&ed, That every perfon who (hall obtain fuch certificate, (hall, on or before the twenty-ninth 6f September next enfuing the granting of fnch certificate, or within one month after the date thereof, pay to the col-le&or the duty payable thereon, or fuch certificate (hall be void, and nO licenfe (hall be granted thereon.

XXI.	And be it cna&ed, That if any licenfe (hall be granted by any clerk of the peace, ta any perfon to fell beer, ale, cider, or fpirituous liquors by retail, on any certificate fraudulently obtained from, or granted by any juftices, not purfuant to the directions in this adfc, every fuch licenfe (hall be void, and the perfon to whom fuch licenfe (haU have been granted, fhall be deemed a retailer of beer, ale, cider, or fpirituous liquors, without licenfe, and fhall be fubiedt to the fame penalties as perfons felling beer, ale, ciqer, or fpirituous liquors by retail without licenfe, arc by this ad iubjedt to.

XXII. And

The thirty ft venth Tear of George III.

XXII. And be it ena&ed, That if any clerk of the peace fhali grant or ifTue any licenfe for the fale of beer, ale, cider, or fpirituous liquors by retail, to any perfoa who (hall not have produced and lodged with him a certificate, with the receipt of the collector endorfed theron, purfuant to the provilions of this a&, every fuch clerk of the peace, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the furrr of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who fhali fue for the fame, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin ; and if upon fuch a&ion or information, a verdidl fhali be given, and judgment entered thereon againft the defendant, fuch clerk of the peace fhali forfeit his office, and be for ever difablcd from being again appointed thereto.

XXlil. And be it ena&ed. That the feveral clerks of the peace, fhali keep the feveral certificates, upon which licenfes fhali ifTue for the fale of beer, ale, cider, or fpiritu-ous liquors, and the recognizance entered into, according to the provifions of this a£l, amongfl the records of the county, and fhali upon demand of any one or more juftiee or juftices of the peace produce the fame for his or their in-Ipc&ion, and any two or more juft ices of the peace, may impofc any fine, not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, upon any fuch clerk of the peace, who fhali omit, or ne-gle& to keep fuch certificates and recognizances in a regular manner, which fine fhali be elheated into h;j Ma-jefty’s exchequer.

XXIV.	And be it enabled, That the feveral clerks of the peace, fhali fo often as they fhali be thereunto required by notice figned by one or more commiflioner or commiffi-oners of excife, tranfmit to the excife office in Dublin, a true and accurate lift of all licenfes granted by them refpec-tively, and the dates of fuch licenfes, the names of the perfons licenfed, and the places where they fhali be licenfed to fell beer, ale, cider, or fpirituous liquors; and if any clerk of the peace fhali refufe or omit to return fuch lift, within ten days after fuch notice a9 aforefaid, every fuch clerk of the peace fo offending fhali forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXV.	And be it ena&ed. That no certificate fhali be

If clerks of peace ifTue licenfes without certificate* apd receipts the/ fhali forfeit

tool.

Clerks of peace to keep certificates and recognizances with iccords.

Clerks of peace to tranfmit lifts a* herein, penalty ool.

Licenfes

granted to any perfon, to entitle him or her to a licenfe for where not * felling fpirituous liquors by retail, unlefs the houfe in which garths, fhali be fuch perfon is to be licenfed, fhali contain tvro fixed hearths 0i or fire - places open for ufe; and in cafe any perfon not having two fixed hearths or fire-places open for ufe in fuch houfe, fhali obtain a licenfe, fuch licenfe fhali be null aud void ; and if any fuch perfon fhali fell any fpiri« tuous liquors by retail, he or fhe fhali be fubject to the like

penalties

Digitized by L^ooQle

*st

A. D*

I797-

Chap. 45.

Perfons whC fell left than a pint of fpirits, deemed retailer*.

Not to affe& apothecaries, «cc.

Perfoni who fell fpirits with* out licenfet, tec. forfeit a* herein.

Supcrintend-ant magiftiatc's ceitificate con* ciufive evi-deace.

7be thirtyfeventh Tear of George III.

penalties as perfons felling fuch liquors without licenfe are fubjeft to.

XXVI.	And be it enafted, That every perfon who (hall by him or herfelf, or by any other perfon employed by him or her, or for his or her benefit, retail, any fpirituous liquors, mixed or unmixed with any ingredients, to be confirmed in any quantity whatfoever, in his or her houfes, ware-houfet, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, (heds, or other places, * to him or her belonging, or that (hall retail or fend the fame abroad out of his or her houfes, ware-houfes, ftore-houfes, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, (heds, or other places, in a lefs quantity than one pint, (hall be deemed a retailer of fpirituous liquors within the meaning of this aft.

XXVII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, (hall affeft apothecaries or druggifls, or other perfons licenfed by the comrniflioners o? his Majefty’s revenue, to diftil compound, cordial or medicinal waten only.

XXVIII.	A Ad be it enabled, That no perfon (hall fell

any fpirituous liquors by retail, unlefs he (hall be licenfed fo to do hi manner herein direfted ; and if any perfon (hall fell any fpirituous liquors by retail, without having obtained fuch licetife as aforefaid, or having obtained fuch h'cenfe, ’ the fame (hall have become void, every fuch perfon (hall for the firft offence, if committed within the city of Dublin, or within the Circular-road, or within the diftrift of the me- . tropolis aforefaid, or in any'place beyond the Circular-road, ana the wall of his Majefty's park the Phoenix, not difkmt more than five miles therefrom, and within the cities of Cofk, Waterford, aud Limerick, and within the reft of the counties of the (aid cities, forfeit the (urn of thirty pounds, and for the fecond, and every further offence, forty pounds j and if fuch offence (hall be committed in any other place in this kingdom, every fuch perfon (hall for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and for the (econd, and * every further offence, twenty pounds 5 and in default of payment of the faid forfeiture or penalty for the firft offence, the perfon offending.(hall be committed to the gaol* for a fpace not exceeding three, nor * left than one month : and in default of payment of the faiti forfritiuie or penalty for the fecond Or further offence/jhall be committed to gaol, there to reihaih for the fpace of three months!	.

XXIX.	And be it enafted, That upoii the hearing or trial of any cHafge or information by virtue of this aft, againft any perfon for felling fpirituous liquors by retail* within the ‘ diltrift of the metropolis 6f Dublin, a certificate of the foperihtrodarft magmrartc of thc^ft^d

'	1	under

— - -Digitized by

Google



The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

‘ 255

tinder his hand, that fuch perfon was licenfed by him to A. D. fell fpirituous liquors by retail, within the faid diftrift, 1797. /hall be conclufive evidence that fuch perfon fold fpiritu- Chap. 45. ou* liquors by retail within the faid diftnft.

XXX. And be it enabled. That if any perfon (hall for- perfons feit his or her faid bond, and judgment be had thereon whofe bond® againft him or her, that fuch perfon {hall be for ever in-capable of receiving a licenfe to fell fpirituous liquors; and cenfed. * that every licenfe granted, or to be granted, to any fuch perfon, fhall be void 5 and any fuch perfon felling any fpirituous liquors by retail, (hall be fubjeft to the fame penalties as perfons felling fpirituous liquors by retail without licenfe arc r 1 * 'I to.

. And be it enafted, That if any perfon liccnfed Licenfe* to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, (ball fell by retail any void, if fpirit* fuch liquors in any other place than fuch houfes or places f«’M in p)accs thereunto belonging, wherein he, fhe, or they inhabited and not defenbed. dwelled at the time of granting fuch licenfe, and which /hall be described theiein, fuch licenfe (hall be null and void, and fuch perfon {hall be liable to the fame penalties as perfons felling fpirituous liquors by retail without licenfe arc by this aft fubjeft to.

XXXII.	And be it enafted, That if any perfon liccnfed Affignees of -to fell fpirituous or other liquors, {hall afiign the houfe in perfons licenfed which he or {he fliall have been licenfed to fell fuch liquors,

to any perfon, or (hall die, the afiignee of fuch perfon af- iov^r.CI> ° -figning his intereft, or the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon'fo dying, or his or their afiignee, who /hall become poffefled of fuch houfe or place, may lawfully fell fpirituous or other liquors therein, until the expiration of the term for which the licenfe {hall have been granted \ provided fuch executors or adminiftrators, or fuch afiignee, /hall have obtained the certificate of the two next refident juf-tices of the p6ace, that he or they Is, or are, a proper perfon or perfons to be licenfed to fell fpirituous or other liquors by retail, and ftiall have executed fuch bond as Is herein before required on granting a licenfe.

XXXIII.	And be it 'enafted, That every perfon li- Perfons li-

cenfed to fell fpirituous or other liquors by retail, fliall cental to retail have, or to be painted on a board, with letters publicly fp‘rlt? ft*”*u* vifiblc and legible, at leaft an inch, king, in white upon a	**	7

black ground, or in black 011 a white ground, his or her

name and furnafrie at full length, ami the words, licenfed to retail fpirituous liquors and fuch other liquors as fuch perfons ftiall be licenfed to fell, (as the cafe may be) and {hall affix the fame on fome confoicuous place on the outfide of the front of his or her houfe, not more than three feet dif-tant from the top of the front door of fuch houfe, and ftiall

pveferve

Digitized by

Google

The thirty •/event h Tear of George ItL

A* D.-7-45-

Perfons who have fuch boards iha.ll ihcw licenfe*, penalty 30I.

*79

Chap.

Perfons who buy lets than a pint where boards not affixed, forfeit 5*-

Perfons who fell fpirits where not li-cenfed, forfeit ios.

preferve and keep up the feme* during the time, he, flte* or they fhati continue to fell fuch liquors* or in default thereof (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, furveyor, gauger, or other officer of excife, in the day time, to enter into any-ihop, ftore-foorti, or houfe, whereon is affixed any board or notification, importing that fpirituous or other liquors are retailed therein; and to demand a view of the licenfe tinder or by virtue of which, the perfon or perfons refid-ing therein fhall claim a liberty to fell fuch liquor or liquors; and if a fufficicnt licenfe fhall not be produced, the occupier of fuch houfe fhall forfeit the fum of thirty pounds.

XXXV.	And be k enn&ed, That if any perfon (hall buy or obtain for any confideration given, or to be given, any fpirituous liquors in lefs quantity than one pint, in any houfe hot having affixed thereon fuch board, with the words herein before directed to be painted thereon, every fuch perfon fhall, for every fuch offence, upon being convidcd thereof before any magiftrate or juftice of the peace, forfeit a fum not exceeding nvc fhillings; and fuch perfon fhall by fuch magiftrate or Juftice be committed to gaol until fuch penalty fhall be paid, and fuch penalty when levied, fhall be paid to the informer.

XXXVI.	And be it cnaded, That no perfon fhall hawk, fell, or expofe to fale, any beer, ale, cider, or fpirituous liquors, in any ftreet or highway, or field, or on any table, or in any booth or tent, or any bulk, flail, or fhed, or on, or in any place or places where any fuch perfons not li-cenfed to fell the fame, Upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence, the fum of ten fhillings ( and that it fhall be lawful for any magiftrate, juftice of the peape, or other peace officer, or any revenue officer, to feize and take away, or to deftroy, or c .ufe ta be feized, taken away and deftroy-ed, all fuch fpirituous liquors which fhall be found fo txpofed to fale, and the veffcU containing the fame, and all VclTels and utenfils ufed for meafurlng or drinking the fame found therewith 5 and it fhall be lawful for any magiftrate ofjuftice of the peace, for the city or place wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, on his or their own view*, or on confeflion of the party, or by proof of fuch offencejfty the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to convid any perfon fo offending, and every perfon fo convided, fhall, on fuch convidion, be put in the flocks for the fpacc of one hour, and fhall forfeit the fum of ten fhillings; and os fuch offender or offenders refufing or negledting to pay the fame, the magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, by whom fuch perfon fhall have been fo convided by warrant

The thirty frvcnth Tear of George 111.

rant or warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, commit the offender or offenders to gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding one month from the day of fuch commitment; and every fum or fums of money arifing from the conviction of any fuch perfon, in cafe there be no informer, (hall be paid to the church-wardens of the pari(h wherein the offence (hall be committed, or one of them, and applied to the ufe of the poor of fugh parifh ; but if there (hall be an informer, one moiety of fuch money (hall be paid to the informer for his own ufe, and the other moiety to the church-wardens, as aforefaid, or one of them, and applied to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h; and every perfon fo expoling fpirituous liquors to fale, (hall be liable to all other penalties to which perfons felling fpiritu-ous liquors by retail without licenfe, are liable.

XXXVII.	And for preventing drinkingat unfeafonable hours, and the harbouring of fufpeded perfons, in houfes

where fpirituous or other liquors (hall be fold: be it ena&ed, perfon* drink* That it (hall be lawful for any magiftrate, chief conftable, mg. or high conftable to enter any luch houfe, and to remove all perfons drinking therein, between the hours of twelve at night, and funrife in the morning, and on Sunday before the hour of four of the clock in the afternoon ; and if any perfon felling fpirituous or other liquors by retail, (hall not on demand of entrance by knocking, or otherwife, fo as to be heard within, admit fuch magiftrate, chief conftable, or high-conftable, into fuch hoijfe, or after admittance, (hall obftrud any of them in removing perfons drinking therein, fuch perfons upon proof thereof, to the fatisfaftion of any magiftrate, upon oath, or uponliis own view thereof, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of live pounds, to be paid to the informer or profecutor, and in default of payment thereof, the perfon fo offending, (hall be committed to gaol, until fuch fine (hall be paid

XXXVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful Parifliioners for the pariftiioners of the fcveral parifties of the city of mayappoint Dublin, or liberties thereof, at veltry affcmbled, twice in 0Ycrcerf* every year, or oftener, if neceffary, to appoint fuch uumber

of perfons as to them (hall feem meet, overfeers of houfes lic&pfed for (ale of fpirituous or other liquors, within every fuch pari(h refpe&ively, apd the overfeers fo appointed, (hall have me powers and authorities for entering fuch houfes, as conftatdes, and other peace officers have by virtue of this a&, and the perfons not admitting fuch overfeers, (hall be/ fubjelt to like penalties, as perfons not admitting magiftratet or high-conftables, are fubjeft to; and in cafe they (hall find any perfons, not being inmates of fuch houies entertained therein, between tie hours of twelve at night, and Vql. XI.	R	feren

Magiftrate*

Digitized by Google

Jnfticet to

The thirty-fcventb Tear of Ceorgc III.

feven in the morning, or before the hour of four in the afternoon on a Sunday, any three or more of fuch overfeers (hall certify, under their hands and feals, to a juflice of the peace for the county or city of Dublin, that perfons were entertained in fuch houfe at fuch unfeafonable hours, and thereupon fuch magiftrates (hall fummon the parties accufed, and unlefs the perfons fummoned fhall make it appear to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juth’ce of the peace, that the perfons found therein, were inmates of the houfe where they were fo found, fuch certificate fhall be conclufive evidence to fubjeft the perfons licenfed for the falc of fpirituous or other liquors, to a penalty of thirty (hillings for the firft offence; and for the fecond offence, to the fum of fire pounds ; and in default of payment of fuch penalty, fuch juftice of the peace may iffue his warrant for the diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon on whom fuch penalty (hall be impofed; provided that no perfon dealing in fpirituous liquors, fhall vote at any fuch veftry, or be appointed an overfeer.

^________________ XXXIX.	And be it ena&ed, That the juftice of the

certify name* of peace before whom any perfon licenfed for the fale of fpTri-perfons twice tuout or other liquors, (hall have been twice convi&ed, convi&ed to fhall cert;fy under his hand and feal, to the chief commiffi-W«“imonmo1 oners of his Majefty’s revenue, that fuch perfon has been twice convifted of entertaining perfons in his or her hotffe, not being inmates of fuch houfe, at unfeafonahle hours, and upon receipt of fuch certificate, the commifiioners of his Majefty’s revenue fhall caufe the -bond pafled by fuch perfon fo licenfed, to be put in fuit, and fuch certificate fhall, if produced on any trial relative to fuch bond, be conclufive evidence of the breach of the condition of fuch bond.

XL. And be it ena&cd. That no perfon fhall be entitled unto, or maintain any caufe, a&ion, or fuit, for, or'reco-ver either in law or equity, any fum of money, or demand, for or on account of any fpirituous liquors fold, unlefs fuch debt fhall have been really and bona fide contra&ed at one time, to the amount of twenty (hillings, nor fhall any parti-' cular article or item in any account or demand for fpirituous liquors fold, be allowed or maintained, where the full value of the liquors delivered -at one time, and mentioned in fuch article or item, fhall not be twenty (hillings at the lea ft, and that without fraud or covin ; and whore no part of the liquors fold or delivered, (hall have been returned, or agreed to be returned dirtftly or indirectly; and in cafe any retailer of fpirituous liquors, with or without a licenfe, fhall take or receive any pawn or pledge, from any perfon by way of fecurity, for the payment of any

fum

revenue.

No money recovered for fpi-rits, unlef* to amount of sot. at qpetiiue.

*

77* thirly-fefaritb Tear of George til*	259

Aim or Aims of money, bwing by fuch perfon for fucb fpi- A. D.

rituous liquors, cveiv fuch perfon fo offending, and being 1797*.^

convi&ed thereof, before any magiftrate or jiitlice of the Chap. 4$.

peace, lhall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every pawn" U	J

Or pledge fo taken in or received by him or them, one moiety

thereof (hall be to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where

fuch offence (hall be committed, and the other moiety to the

informer or informers, and the perfon or perfons to whom

any fach pawn or pledge (hall belong, (hall have the feme

remedy for recovering fuch pawn or pledge, or the value

thereof, as if it had not been given as a pledge.

XLI. And be it enaded, That no perfon (hall have any M°neyJor remedy for, or recover any fum of money on account of J^^^crableT any porter, beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors, fold to an un-licenfed retailer of fuch liquors; nor (hall any unlicensed dif-tillcr, or unlicenfed retailer, have any remedy for, or recover from any perfon any fum of money, on account of any fpirituous liquors fold by fucb unlicenfed diftiller, or unlicenfed retailer; and all promiffory notes, bonds, or other writings, given as a fecurity for the payment of debts contracted for any porter, beer, ale, or fpirits fo fold to an unlicenfed retailer, or for any fpirituous liquors fold by an unlicenfed diftiller, or unlicenfed retailer, are hereby declared to be null and void.

XL 11. And be it enaC^d, That if any perfon (hall agree PeHons who to pay any journeyman, workman, fervant, labourer, or other flop, wage* for perfon, employed by working under him or her, or under	w

his or her dire&ion, fo much money for wages, and fuch a qiiantity of fpirituous liquors in lieu of the wages, or any part thereof, which (hall be ordinarily and ufually paid for the work fuch journeyman, fervant, labourer, or outer per- v fon, (hall be employed in; or (hall fet off, (lop, or dedu& all, or any part of the wages or hire due to any journeyman, workman, fervant, or labourer, for any fpirituous liquors delivered to him, every fuch peitfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence, upon being convicted thereof before any magiftrate, or juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, one moiety of which forfeiture fhall be paid to the informer or profecutor, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the patifti in which fuch offence fhall be committed, to be applied to the ufe of the poor of fuch parifh; and. fuch journeyman, workman, fervant, labourer*	"

or other perfon, (hall be intitled to his or^her whole wages, notwithftanding fuch agreement, fetting off, flopping or dedu&rng, and (hall have the like remedy in law for the. fame, as if all or any part of fuch Wages were not paid ; and every perfon giving, or procuring credit to be grveri for fpirituous liquors fold or drank, as aforefaid, (hall for-R 2	frit

mmmm

Digitized by v^ooQle

26o

A. D.

*797-

Cliap. 45.

tol penalty •n paying work men, fce. at a publick houle.

Lienrfed retailers of fpirits entitled to allowance* herein mentioned.

Magiftratw or revenue officers may feize fpirits, as herein.

The thirty feventb Tear of George HI.

felt five pound*, to be recovered, paid, and applied, as ifore fa id

XLIII. And be it enabled, That no perfon employing journeymen, workmen, fervant*, or labourers, (hall by him-ftlf, or by any other perfon, pay any journeyman, workman, fervant, or labourer, employed by him, the whole or any part of the wages due to fuch journeyman, workman, fervant, or labourer, in, or at any - houle in which any beer, air, or fpirituops liquors (hall f>e fold ; and every perfon fo offending, {hall for every #fuch offence upon being convifted thereof before any mngiftrate, or juftice of the" peace, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and afi payments of wages made in manner aforefaid, fhall be null and void.

XLIV. And be it enabled, That if it fhall appear that any perfon who fhall be licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, fhall have without fraud, fold by retail, within the year, ftrong beer or kle^ in the cities of DubhV, Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, refpe&ively, in the quantities herein after mentioned, proof whereof fhall be made by the affidavit of fuch perfon, and by the certificate of the brewer or perfon by whom the fame (nail have been fold to fuch ic-tailer, that fuch quantity was fo fold by hftn, and alfo by the certificate of the furveyor or gauger, that he had received notice of the delivery of fuch beer or ale, and of the rcfpc&ive times when the fame were delivered, and that he had infpe&ed the fame, in cafe fuch retailer fhall have fold feverfty-five barrels of ftrong beer or ale, fuch retailer fhall be intitled to a redudlion of onc-fixth, and in cafe he or fhe fhall have fold one hundred barrels of ftrong b<er or ale, to a reduction of one fifth, and in cafe he or fhe fhall have fold t\vo hundred barrels, to a redudiion of one-third of the duty, to be paid for his or her liccnfb, for the y^ar next enfuing, provided it fhall appear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners of his IVlajefty's revenue, that the feverai requifites herein have been duly performed.

XJLV. And be it enafted, That*it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or officer of the revenue, tofearchfor, and make feizure of any fpirituous liquors cx-pofed to fale gt any fair, patron, market, horfe-race, bur-ling-match, or any place of publick meeting, except in houfes licenfed for that ptujpoie j and every perfon felling, or expofing to fale, any fpirituous liquors, at any fair, patron, market, horfe-racc, horling-matcb, or other place of publick meeting, except in houfes licenfed for thatpurpofe, fhall upon view of any magiftratc, or upon being cosvidled thereof, before any magiftiate, forfeit and pay the fum of five'pounds.

XUVI. And

Digitized by Google

The thirty feventh Year of George III.	^	%6i

XLVI. And be it ena&ed, That if anv magirfrafe, or A. D. juftrce of the peace, (hall certify to the clerk of the peace, 17^7, that proof has been made before him, that any condition in Chap. 45. the bonds herein before required to be entered into by any . perfon licenfed to fell lpiriuioiw liquprs has been violated, Magiftratet ' the clerk of the peace mail thereupon tranfrpit fuch certifi- to certify to cate, together with the bond of the perfon offending, to clfrks r* Pcac* the chief commiffiqnerft of his Majcfly’s excife, and the *i0Iaud.n faid commiffioners fhall forthwith put, or caufe fuch bond to be put in fuit.

XL VIC. And be it enafted, That it fhall be lawful for ajuflicr*, any two juftices of the peace, being of the qtiorum, or the J°ay anftl|l fupen'ntendant magiflrate io the city of Dublin, to annul any keewe*. licenfe granted to any perfon or perfons, for retailing fpin. tuous or any other liquors j and if any perfon whofe licCnfp fhall be fo annulled, fhall retail any fpirituousor other liquors, every fuch perfon fhall be fubje& to the fame penalties, as perfons felling fpirituous or other liquors, without having obtained a licenfe for that purpofe, a-e liable to.

XLVIII, And be it ena&ed, That if any fpirituous li- Perfon*liquors, exceeding the quantity of two quarts, fhall be found j-c ifcd to fell in the houfe of any perfon licenfed to fell beer or ale by re-tail, every fuch p.rfon fhall be darned a retailer of fpirituous fpirilt> &C, liquors, and to nave fold the fame by retail; and every fuch perfon who fhall not have obtained a licenfe for retailing fpi-rituous liquors, fhall be liable to the penalties, which perfons felling fuch liquors by retail without licenfe, are fubjed to.

XLlX. And be it ena&ed, That if any diltiller, or other 10I penalty dealer in fpirits, fhall knowingly fell any fpirits to an un- °n a diiiillcjr-licenfed retailer, or to any perfon for the ufe of an unlicenfed retailer, fuch diftiller, or dealer in fpirits, fhall, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

L. And be it ena&cd, That no diltiller, or wholefile Dtftilkrit, 8cc. dealer in fpirits, fhall be entitled to, or maintain any caufe, fhall not recover action or luit for, or recover cither in law or equity, any furn a* herein, of money, or demand for, or on account of any fpirits fold to an unlicenfed retailer *, and in cafe fuch diftiller, or whole-fale dealer in fpirits, (hall fell any fpirits to an unlicenfed retailer, knowing him to be fufeh, fuch unlicenfed retailer may recover back the value of fuch fpirits fo fold, by civil bill, or otherwife, from fuch diftiller, or wholcfale dealer.

LI. And he it ena&ed, That the feveral colle&om of ex- Cdlc&orsmay cife fhall, upon payment of the like duty as is by this a6^ grant iicrn.c* u~. payable for a licenfe to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, and	5°J1PC*

the like fees thereon, grant to any perfon a licenfe to fell I^than 3a gaU fpirituous liquprs in any quantities, not lefs than one pint, ion, without k-provided that no fuch licence fhall be granted, utilefs the per- cenfe.

Ion applying to be licenfed, (hall, with two fufficicni Curette*

enter

Digitized by

Google

Perfons li-crnfcd a* afcre-fa^ti forfeit 50I. as herein.

Lictnfcs in force one year from *9 Sept.

Fines not otherwise applied, See. may be recovered, as by 14 and 15 C.-a, Sec.

Majriftratea may fummon p rlons as herc-

The thirty feventb Year of George III.

enter into a bond to His Majefty, before the collector of the did rift, in the penalty of fifty pounds, conditioned that he or (he (hall not fell, or deliver out any fpirttuous liquors in any quantity at one time, lefs than one pint, and (hall not fell any liquors to be ufed or confumed in his or her hou& or premiftg; provided alfo, that no perfon fhallbe received as a lurety in fuch bond, unlefs he (hall prove upon oath, to the fatisfadion of a juftice of the peace, that he is a houfe-keeper, and worth one hundred pounds, above all his jail debts, and (hall obtain frpm fuch juflice a certificate of his having made proof thereof; aod if any perfon (hall fell any fpirits in any quantity lefs than thirty-two gallons, without fuch licenfe, he or (he (hall forfeit for every Uiph offence, the Turn of fifty pounds.

1 11. And be it enaded, That if any perfon who (hall be fo licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors, (hall fell or deliver any fpirituous liquors in any quantity, at any time lefs than one pint, or fhall fell any liquors to be ufed or confumed in his or her houfe, or premiflea, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit fpr every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

LI 11. And be it enabled. That fucb licenfcs fhall be of force for one ytar front the twenty-ninth d^y of September, in every year.

LIV. And be it enaded, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures infli&ed by this ad, other than fuch as ate herein before fpecially appointed to be levied by any Magiftrate or juftice of the peace, fhall be applied, one moiety tp the firft informer, and the other to his Majefty, and may be fued for, recovered, and levied, either fn fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways, and with fuch powers and authorities, as any fines, penalties and forfeitures inflifted by an ad of parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign "pf his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, An aQ for the fettling of the exeife or new imbofi upon His Majefly, his heirs and fuccejfors, according to the hook of rates therein in-ferted, or any other ad in that behalf, are thereby appointed or prefcri)>ed to be fued for, recovered, levied, and 3pplied,_ as fully and effedually as if the fame were expreffed in this ad; and that any party, who fhall think him or herfelf aggrieved or injured, ihall have the like remedy of appeal, ar by the faid laft recited ad is provided; or fuch fines, penalties, or forfeitures, may be fued for, or profecuted before any magiftrate or juftice of the peace of the city, town, or other place, in which any offence for which any fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture is inflided, fhall have been committed.

LV. And be it enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or any magiftrate, to fummon

any

\

The thirty-/eventb Tear of George III.

263

any perfon charged with having fold by fetail fpirituous li* quors, wine, beer, or ale, without licenfe, or charged with any other offence again ft; this ad, to appear before fuch j office or magiftrate; and if the charge be for felling any of fuch liquors without licenfe, to require by the fummons to be iffued, the perfon to be fummoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a licenfe for felling fuch liquors refpedively 5 and in cafe fuch perfon (hall hot appear upon proof made of the fervice of fuch fummons, or if fuch perfon (hall appear, and (hall not produce a licenfe authorizing him or~her to fell by retail fuch liquors refpe&ively, then inch juftice or magiftrate (hall examine fuch witnefs or witneffes upon oath, as (hall appear before him, which oath fuch juftice or magiftrate is hereby empowered to adminifter \ and if proof (nail be madp before fuch juftice or magiftrate, or it (hall appear by the confeflion of the party that fuch perfon did fell any of fuch liquors by retail, within fix months previous to the iffuing of fuch fummons, then fuch juftice or magiftrate (hall convid the perfon charged with having fold any of fuch liquors re-fpedtively, without licenfe, of fuch offence; and every juftice or other magiftrate, (hall in like manner proceed to hear and determine every other offence againft this ad ; and every conviction (hall be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of word, to the fame effed, according to the nature of the cafe, that is to fay:

A. D.

^ 797-Chap. 45.

County of 1 A. B. if conviQed on his or her own conftjfony Form of con-J or on the oath of	of	vision.

having fold fpirituous liquors in the partfb of in this county, on the	day	cf

without being duly liccnfed thereto. Given under my hand and feal this	day	of

And fuch magiftrate or juftice fhall thereupon iffue a warrant Magiftrate* Under his hand and feal, and levy fuoh fine or penalty as the (hall thereupon perfon fo convided (hall be fubjed to, in refped to the of* ***** warrant*, fence of which he or (he was fo convicted, by diltrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon, and to commit the body of fuch offender to gaol, in fuchxafes as by this ad the offender may be fo committed, and the informer or profecutor lhall be deemed a competent witnefs to prove the offence.

LV1. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful a Magiftrate for any fuch juftice of the peace, or other magiftrate, to mayfumnionas fummon any perfon to appear before him, to give evidence hciem; iol. pe-ctf the felling of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, without licenfe, by any perfon ; and if any perfon who (hall perfou combe fummoned as a witnefs, for the purpof? aforeiaid, fnaH mittcdlori^ hfgkd or refufe to appear purluant to fuch fummons, or ap- month.

pearing,

Digitized by

Google

Vtrfawag-

The thiriy-Jfatntb Tear rf George III.

pcariag, (hall refufe to girt his or her teftimonv, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch negled, or refufal, forfeit the fum of ten pounds for the ufe of the poor of the parifh, in which fuch penbn dial] dwell $ and in cafe of non-payment thereof, fuch juftice or magiftrate (hall iflue a warrant under his hand and leal, to levy inch fum by diftrefe and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon, and for want of effe&s fufficient to anfwer fuch fum, by like warrant, to commit to the ho ufe of correction, or county gaol, the perfon fo offending, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpacc of one calendar month.

LVII And be it enaded, That if any perfon (hall think

peal 'o next

Appeal of un-

licetiltd perfon not to ilay exe-

cution, as

herein.

grieved may tp himfelf or herfclf aggrieved, by the determination of any peal to next fuch magiilrate,^ justice of the peace, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon to appeal to the next fefiions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, for the county, city, or town, where fuch perfon was convided, and not afterwards; and the determination of the juflices at fuch fefiions, (hall be final and conclufive, and no certiorari (hall be allowed for the removal thereof: provided always, that no fuch judgment or convi&ion (hah be reverfed for any informality, im-perfe&ion, or defied in form.

LYIII. And be it enaded, That where any perfon (hall be convided of any offence agamft this ad, as an unlicensed retailer of fpirituous liquors, no appeal to be brought by any fuch perfon, (hall day or prevent the execution of any warrant or procefs, for the feizure of any goods or chattels of, or committal of fuch perfon, unlefs fuch perfon fhall, with two fufficient fureties, have entered into a bond to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, in the penal fum of double the amount of the fine fo incurred, conditioned to pay the fine impofed on fuch perfon, in cafe the judgment or convidion for the fame (hall be affirmed, with all colls attending fuch appeal; which bond fhall be entered into before the derk of the peace, before fuch appeal fhall be lodged or received.

I-IX. And be it enaded, That when any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be adjudged againil any perfon in purfu-ance of this ad, for felling fpirituous liquors without bcenfe, the fame fhall not be abated or mitigated.

LX. And be it enaded, That the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, fhall attend at every fpecial fefiions of juflices, direded by this ad, for the purpofe of granting fuch certificates, as aforefaid, and further, fhaU certify to the collector of excife, for the diftrid in which fuch certificate fhall be granted, the number of certificates fo granted, the name, addition, and abode of the perfons to whom, and of thejuf-tices by whom fuch certificates fhall be granted ; and in cafe any clerk of the peace fhall neglcd to attend at fuch fefiions

Fine for felling fp" v* not to be abateu.

Clerk* of peace

to attend c t'ry i^ecial k ikons, penalty xol.

in

The tbirijfeventb Tear of George III.

in perfon, or by his known deputy, or to do or perform any of the matters and things contained in this a£l, to enable the per (ons applying f r licenfes, according to the provifions of - this a&, to obtain the fame, every fuch clerk of the peace, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds $ and any of the juflices attending at fuch feflions, may impofe fuch fine, and the fame (hall be eftreated into his Majefty** court of Exchequer, unlefs fuch clerk of the peace, or nit deputy, (hall, at the next quarter feflions of the peace, prove upon oath, to the fatisfa&ion of the juflices there attending, that he was prevented by ficknefs or fome other fufficieojt caufe.

L.XI And be it ena&ed, That in cafe any a&ion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againfl any perfon or perfons, for any matter or thing by him or them done, or executed by virtue or in purfoance of this a£l, fuch a&ton or fuit fhall be commenced within three months next after the alledged caufe of a&ion (hall accrue, and fhaB be lai^ in th? proper county where fuch alledged caufe of action fhall have arifen or begun ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch a&ion, may plead the general iffue, and give this a£1, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this aft ; and if a verdi& (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or di continue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment (hall be given again (I him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them, again ft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXII. And be it ena&ed, That every perfon who fhall be licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, and who fhall be furnilhed by the colle&or, in wnofe diilriA he or fhe fhall refide, or by the clerk of ti c peace, with a printed abffra£l of this a£fc, fhall caufe fuch abftralt to be hung up, or polled in the mod publick part of his or her houfe, and fhall preferve and keep me fame fo hung up or poded during the time fuch perfon (hall continue to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, or in default thereof, (hall, for everyday in which fuch abllra& (hall at any time be omitted to be fo hung up or polled, upon proof thereof, before any magidrate or jul-tice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five (hillings, and fuch fine, when levied, (hall be paid, one moiety to the profecutor, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parifii, for the poor thereof.

LX1I1. And be it enabled, That this aft (ball continue, and be in force, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.

CHAP.

A&iont, &c, for things done under this *&•

Retailers far-nilhed with ab~ (Ira&s, (hall beep them polled up as herein di-reded, penalty js. per day.

In Force until 09 Sept. 179V.

Digitized by i^ooQle

^The thirty-fevcnth Tear of George III.

266

A. D.

CHAP. XLVII.

An A8 for the further Regulation of the EleSion of Memhert to ferve in Parliament.

Recital j	HE RE AS an ad palled m the thirty-fifth year of

▼ ▼ His prefent Majelty’s reign, entitled, An aQ for regulating the eleSion of members to feme in parliament, and for repealing the fevered af\s therein mentioned; and it is neceflary to explaio and amend the fame ; be it enaded by the King’* moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent v ©f the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the •afh taken by Same, That when any perfon feized of a freehold, not con-fiftihg of a rent-charge, (hall defire to regi ier it, as bting c <r' of the value of fifty pounds, or twenty po&nds, the follow* ing oath may be taken by him, in (lead of the oath pre* feribed by the faid ad, that is to (ay :

Oath.	/	qf	in	the	county of

or of the town or city of	{as the

cafe may be,) do fwear, or if a qtiaker, do affirm* that lam a freeholder of	and mat I have a free-

hold therein ari/ing from a houfe or houfes, and lamlx or both, or other hereditaments, (as tfjc cafe may be) above all charges payable out of the fame, lying and being at	(nam-

ing thepdri/h or parijhes, or the town-land or town-lauds, and barony or half-baronies, wherein it is fituaiedy which words* town-land or town-lands, barony rjr baronies of need not be named, if the freehold be its the county of a town or city) in this county, and that the fold freehold does not arife from a rent-charge, nor have I pt'oeured it fraudulently, nor has it been grantedfraudulently to me, or in exchange for a freehold in any other county, any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary notwithllanding ; and that no freehold of fifty pounds, or twenty pounds a year, regillered fince the palling of the faid ad, (hall be deemed to be unduly or not properly regillered, on account of the omiflion m the oath or af-fbmation taken or made, in order to regifter the fame, of all or any of the following words, that is to fay, and that I am in the aftual occupation thereof by refiding thereon, or by idling or g raxing, to the amount at lea/l of forty JbiHings yearly value thereof and that the faid freehold is not fet9 or agreed to be fely nor do I intend toft the fame to the perfon or perfom from whom I hold it> or to the heirs or ajfgns of fitch perfon or per*

font

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.	%fyj

forts, or to assy one in trufi for him, her, or them, and that I A. D. have not agreed to fet it for the term for which I hold it. '

II.	And be it ena&ed, That no perfon having a freehold

of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or twenty pounds, who 50I. or 2d. (hall have fet, or agreed to fet the fame to the perfon or freeholders, perfons from whom he holds it, or, to the heirs or afligns of	J*

fuch perfon or persons, or to any one in truft for him, her,	^ot yQtc

or them, or who has fet, or agreed to fet the fame, the whole

of the fame, or more thereof than (hall leave a fufficiency to confiitute fuch freehold for the term for which he holds it, (hall be permitted to vote at any ele&ion by virtue of the faid freehold, unlefs he (hall have regidered the fame according to the provifions of the faid recited a£t, or this prefen t acx, one whole year at the lead previous to the teft of the writ for holding fuch ele&ion.

III.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon who what (hall be (hall offer to vote.by virtue of a freehold of the value of fwombyaol. twenty pounds or fifty pounds, (hjdl before he (hall be ad- 5ol- frechol-mitted to poll at any ele&ion, declare on oath, if required, <*er9* whether he has fo fet, or agreed to fet fuch his freehold,

and .f he (hall declare he hath fo fet, or agreed to fet the whole of the fame, or more thereof than (hall leave a fuffi- " ciency fo rftifet for fuch term to conftitute fuch freehold, he (hall alfo declare in like manner the time when fuch agreement was made, and fuch freeholder (hall not be permitted to vote at fuch ele&ion by virtue of fuch freehold, unlefs it (hall appear that Tuch agreement was made and entered into one whole year at the lead, previous to the ted of the writ for holding fuch ele&ion.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon (hall be	pree|M^^ers

admitted to vote by virtue of a freehold which (hall have	rCgjfter

come to him by defeent, devife, marriage, or marriage fet- before ted of tlement, unlefs he (hall have duly regidered the fame at fome writ, fedion of the peace or adjournment thereof, held prior to

the ted of the writ in the county, town, or city, where fuch ek&ion (hall be held, in manner and form by the faid recited a<5f, or this prefent a& required, if it confids of a rent charge, one year previous to the ted of the writ for holding the election at which he (hall offer to vote, or fix months previous to fuch ted, if it does not confid of a rent-charge.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That in the oath to be Worjg in_ taken at any ele&ion, by any freeholder who (hall offer to }„ frcc-vote by virtue of a freehold, regidered under the yearly va- holder’s oath lue of twenty pounds, the words, “ by rejiding thereonunder aol.

or the words, “ by tilling or grazing, to the amount of forty Jbtlhngs yearly value thereof,” (hall refpe&ively be inferted*

according

*797* Chap. 47.

Digitized by

Google

500L penalty co clerk of peace Cor every poll-book he neglects to de-liver to ihciUE

20L penalty fof uking hiore than is. for affidavit.

Freeholders on fcrvice in army or militia, may regifter where quartered.

Tbi t/xrtjfoocmb Year <tf George Hi.

according 9a they (Hall have been infer ted in the oath taken, or affirmation qiacfe, for the regifteriog thereof.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any clerk of the peace for any county, county of a city* or county of a town, ffiall omit or negfeft to deliver in court to the (heriff* previous to the commencement of the poll, the books of regill ry wliich by the feid aft he is required to attend with and io deliver, or (hall omit to make oath rcfpcftiug the fame, iu manner required by the (aid aft, fnch clerk of the peace (hall forfeit for every book fo omitted to be delivered the fum of five hundred pounds, half of which (haft be to the ufe of fuch perfon as (hall foe for it, and theother half to fuch ufe as the grand jury thereof (hall at any fubfe-quent affixes direct,

VII.	And be it enafted, That there (hall be allowed to every afting clerk of the peace, for providing and prepar- * ing an affidavit and certificate of regiftry, if required (o to do, the fum of one (hilling, and no more; and that any clerk of the peace, attorney, or other perfon whatever, who (hall demand, receive, or take on any pretence whatsoever, for providing and preparing fuch affidavit and certificate, more than the above fum of one (hilling, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to any perfon who (hall fue for the feme, to be fued for and recovered in like manner as any of the penalties in (aid recited aft is fuable for and recoverable.

VIII.	And be it enafted, That if any perfon feized of a freehold, whether confiding of a rent-charge, or not, (had be on aftual {entice, cither in the army or militia, out of the county, town, or city, where fuch freehold lies, and (hall take and fubferibe the oath or affirmation required by feid recited aft, or tliis prefent aft, to be by him taken for regifiering fuch freehold at auy feffions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, held in the county, town, or city, in which he (hall be quartered or Rationed, dating therein the regiment, battalion, troop, or company (as the cafe may be) to which he belongs, fuch affidavit mall be fubferibed by two of the judices of the peace preiiding thereat, and counterfigned by the clerk of the peace for fuch county* town, or city, who (hall certify, that the corps in which he ierves, is quartered or Rationed therein, and oath or affirmation fo fubferibed and counterfigned, may be produced at ^ny feffion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, or at any adjournment of an adjournment held in the county, town, orcky, xn which fuch freehold lies, and when read aloud there in open court, (hall be figned by two of the judices of the peace pre-fiding there, ana (hall be delivered to the afting ekik of the pcsctj to be filled and kept amongd the records of the county*

and

The thirtyfrocmh Y&r of George III.

and every fuch oath or affirmation (d taken, fbatt be of equal effect for regiftering filch freehold, as. if it had been made at the feflions of the peace for the county m which fuch freehold is fitditcd, provided fuch affidavit (hall have been fo filed the fame length of time previous to tfye ttft of the writ, as by the lad aft, or this prcfcnt aft, fuch freehold is required to be regUUrcd* in order to entitle fuch perfoa to vote.

IX.	And to prevent doubts about the validity of faffiotts for regiftering freeholds* be it declared, That any town for ed a market* the holding of a market, in which his Majefty’s letters u>wn* patent have been .granted, or {hall hereafter be granted, or wherein markets have been held by prefenptiod, (hall be

deemed a market town, and is a market town within the meaning of the faid recited aft, whether markets are, or (hall be held therein, or not.

X.	And be it enafted, That ad feffion* or adjournments Seffions and thereof, or adjournments of adjournments, (hall be deemed adjournments, good and valid within the meaning of the faid recited aft, vakd, &c. and this present aft, althoufgh no (heriff or fub-fheriff (hall

have attended, or (hall attend at fuch feflions or fuch adjournments.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the regiftry of any Regiftry not freehold fhall not be impeached on account of any frregu- impeached for laxity in the holding or adjourning of any feflions, from irregularity, whence the ieffions at which fuch freehold fhall have been regiftered, (hall have been adjourned, either direftly or by

any adjournment of adjournments, provided focb latter fel-futa (hall have been duly and regularly held in all other refpefts.

XII.	And bd it farther enafted, That in cafe a queftion Where a do refpefting the right of axty perfon claiming to vote, fhall puty cannot de-oecur, which a deputy (hall not think himfftf competent to terouneper-detennimr, fuch deputy may fend to the (heriff or flieriffs fon'* “K®* 5JL who (hall prefide at fuch eleftion, dating his not thinking ^

himfclf cbmpetent to determine fuch perfon’g right of voting, *n every which cafe fuels, (heriff or (herifls (hall take fuck perion’s poll, and receive or rejeft his* vote according as he fhall be qualified or not to vote at fuch eleftion, either in the booth, building, or other place appropriated to fuch deputy, as he or they fhall judge mod expedient, any thing , in the {M a ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLlf. And be it further enafted, That every returning Retiming officer and officers, and every deputy (hall hape full power, officers may ad* and he and they are hereby authorixed toadminifter atl oaths and affirmstkms sdlowed or required by the (aid recited *	***

aft, or this prefient aft, to be adminiftered at any eleftion for a member or members to ferva in parliament, but- not to

any

What deem*

Digitized by t^ooQle

ajo	Tie thirty feventh	Tear	of	George III.

A* D. *n7 jterfon until it (hall appear that he has duly regiftered j 797. hit freehold, where fuch freehold is required to be regilkcr-Chap. 47. cd* in order to Entitle him to vote.

vXiV. And whereas it is cnaHed by the faid a&, that in Where two cafe of an equality of voices, for any two or more candidates ffierifr*, fenior, at any ele&ion, the returning officer (hall be obliged to gfve Hull have catting a cafLmg voice’; be it ena&ed, That in counties of towns or cities where two (heriffs prefide as returning officers, the (heriff whofe name ftaods firft in the appointment to the office, (hall if he be prefent,' give fuch calling voice.

Regiftrie* not XV. And be itena&ed and declared, That no perfott mi proper on ac- fhall be deemed-unduly or not properly - regiftcred on ac-raJ^oTped ID& count of the affidavit for fuch regiftry not being on damped paper, or on account of fuch Affidavit not having been read aloud in open court.

Words to be XVI. And be it ena&ed, That in the oath required to emitted.	be taken by a rent-charger, either for the purpofe of regis-

tering hi9 freehold, or when he (hall offer'to poll, the words granted by deed bearing date the	day	of

in the year	’,	may	be	omitted, in cafe fuch

rent-charge (hall not have*been gi-anted by deed, and the particulars of the title of fuch perfon to fuch rent-charge, (hall be inferted in the room thereof.

XVII.	And whereas in fevcral counties of cities, and counties of towns in this kingdom, the denominations of towns lands or baronies are not in ufe: And whereas by' the all of the thirty-fifth of his prefent Majedy, [chapter 29th, fe&ion 3id,] the town-land or town-lands and barony /or half-barony, or baronies or half-baronies, wherein the freehold is fituated, are dire&ed to be named in the oath Repflry of s for regidcring the (ame : Be it declared and malted. That

freehobl in co.	re«riftry	Gf	any	freehold	fituated	in any county of a city,

at »aty or	®	'	r	;	.	,	.	,	.	.	;	J	y

lawn ih&l) be or county oF a town in which the denominations of town-

cffis&ual, &c. lands or baronies are not in ufe, (hall be to all intents good and effeltual, although the affidavit of regtdry does not name any towr.-land or town-lands, barony or half-barony, or baronies or half-baronies, in which fuch freehold is fituated ; and that in the oath to be taken by fuch freeholder before the returning officer, or his deputy, at the time of elcllion, it (hall not be ncceffary either to mime the towh-land or barony, or half-barony, provided the freehold out of which fuch freeholder claims tor vote, (hall be fituated in any county of a city, or county of a town, in which the denomination of town-lands or baronies are not*in ufe.

Oath to be XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, Thf& if any candi-takcuif requir- date or ele&or (hall defire it, every perfon offering to v/bte at any clellion, (hall before he be admitted to vote, take

the oath following:	e'	1 .*	-............

I A. B

\

The thirty fcvcnth Tear of George IIL

/ A, B. do fwear* or if a quaicr, do affirm* that I am to tiy heft of my belief of the age of twenty-one yean.

Which oath or affirmation every returning officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, are hereby required and empowered to adminifter, either by itfelf, >or in addition to any other oath or affirmation which may be tendered to fuch elector.

XIX.	And be it enafted and declared, That any papift Papiftswho

or perfon profeffing the Roman catholic religion, who mail have taken oath# have taken and fubfcribed, or who (hall hereafter take and	of^

fubfcribe at any time previous to the tefl; of the writ for	to

holding the ekftion at which fuch perfon fhall offer to poll, vote!

the oaths and declarations contained in an aft pafTed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad to enable his Majcfty's fubjeds of whatever perfuqfion, to tefl'rfy their allegiance to him, and alfo an aft pafled in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a8 for the relief of his Majejl/s popijh or Roman catholic fubjeds of Ireland, in fome one of his Ma-jefly’s four-courts in Dablin, or at the general feffions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, or at any adjourn^ ment of an adjournment thereof to be holden for the county, city, or town, whetein fuch papift or perfon profeffing the Roman catholic religion doth inhabit and dwell, or before the going judge or judges of affize, in the county wherein fuch papiit or perfon profeffing the Roman catholic religion doth inhabit and dwell, in open court, (hall be deemed to have taken and fubfcribed fuch oaths and declarations within the meaning of laid laft recited aft, and this prefent aft, in order to entitle him to vote at fuch eieftion: Provided always, That nothing herein contained, fhall extend to entitle fuch perfon to vote, unlefe he (hall produce to the,

(heriff or other returning officer, a certificate of his having taken and fubfcribed faid oaths and declaration, as by (aid aft, and this prefent aft, required.

XX.	Arid be it enafted, That every eieftion or retnm of Eledtkn of any perfon to ferve in parliament, who (hall be under the perfon# under . age of twenty-one years, fhall be deemed null and void, ax yean void* and that if it (hall be determined by any committee of

the houie of commons, who (hall try any prtition prefented againll any fuch election or return, that fuch perfon was under the age of twenty-one years, on the day or fuch elec* tinn, a new writ fhall forthwith iffuc for the ekftion of another perfon in his place.

CHAP.

Digitized by

The tbirtj-fecentb Tear of George III. ,

CHAP. XLIX.

PHTmcT* under execution or inefnc procefs, lor not more than aooL who are willing to frtkfy their creditor*, may petition conn be* fore end ol term/ac.

AI AQ fir the Relief and Maintenance of Infihmt Debtors detained in Pnfon.

WHEREAS many perfons are detained prifoners in clofe cuftody for debt, by the obduracy of cruel creditors, though cotifcious fuch debtors are utterly unable to difeharge the fame, by which means fuch prifoners are prevented from exercifing fuch induftry, at might enable them to procure for thcmfelvefc and families daily fuftenance and fupport, who are therefore often deftitute of the lame ; be it enal&cd by the Kind’s mod excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, for the cafe, relief, and maintenance of all perfons who (hall at any time hereafter be prifoners under execution, or mefne procefs, for any debt or debts not exceeding two hundred pounds, and who (hall be willing to fetisfy their rcfpe&ive creditors as far as they are able, that from and after the firft day of June,' one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-feven, if any perlon or perfons (hall be charged in execution, or imprifoned under mefne procefs for any fum or fuma of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of two hundred pounds, on which execution, or mefne procefr, there (hall at any time remain doe, as (hall be made to appear by oath, a fum or fums of money not amounting above the faid fum of two hundred pounds, and fhall he minded to deliver up to his, her, or their creditor or creditors, who (hall fo charge him, her, or them, in execution, or under mefne procefs, all his, her, or their eflate and effe&s, for or towards the fdtisfa&ion of the debt or debts wherewith he, (he, or they (hall fo (land charged or committed, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch prifontr, before the end of the firft term which fhall be next after any fuch prifoner fhall be charged in execution, or committed under mefne procefs, by his creditor or creditors, to exhibit a petition to any court of law from whence the procefs iflfued, upon which' any fuch prifoner was or \frere taken 3nd charged in execution, or mefne -procefs, as aforefaid, or to the coart into which any fuch prifoner (hall be removed by habeas corpus, pr (hall be charged iq cuftody, and (hall remain in the prifon thereof, certifying the caufe or caufes of his, her, or their imprisonment, and sot only fetting forth in every fuch petition a

juft

The thirty fcveath Tear of George III.

Juft and true account of all the real and perfon&l eftate which he, (he, or they fo petitioning, or any perfon or per-fong in trull for him, is, was, or were entitled to at the time of his, her, or their fo petitioning, and of alt incum-brances and charges, if any there be, affefting any fitch real or perfonal eftate of the perfon or perfons fo petitioning, but alfo a juft and true account of the real and perfonal eftate which any fuch prifoner or prifoners, or any perfon or perfons in trUft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, was or were interefted in, or entitled to at the thne of his, her, or their imprifonment, in the a&ion in which fuch perfon is charged in execution, or by mefne procefs, either in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, to the heft of the belief of every fuch prifoner or prifoner8, and fo far as his, her, or their refpeftive knowledge extends concerning the fame; and likewife a juft and true account of all fecurities wherein any part of the eftates of any fuch piifoner or prifoners confilis ; and of all the deeds, evidences, writings, books, bonds, notes, and papers concerning the fame, or relating thereto, and the names and places of abode of the witndTes to all fecurities, bonds Or notes, and where they are to be refpe&ively met with, fs far as his, her, or their knowledge extends concerning the fame ; a id before any fuch petition from any prifoner notice | > he or prisoners fliall be received by any fuch court, every fuch jijven as herein

prifoner or prifoners (ball give, or leave, or caufe to be 11 cclc<i \ *1 •	i f/ ,	r 11 j	j-	cred rors, b I r<

given or left, unto or tor ail and every the creditor or ere- a pctitioH i#rc-

ditors at whofe fuit any fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall (land ce.ve«l b> the charged in execution or mefne procefs, as aforefafd, or his, court, her, or their executors or adrainillrators, and at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, or to or for his, her, or their attorney or agent l«ft employed in any fuch action, fuit, caufe or caufes, in cafe any fuch creditor or creditors, hi3, 1 her, or their executors or adminiftrators cannot be met with, but not othenvife, fifteen days at leaft before any fuch petition (hall be prefented or received, a notice in writing, ligned with the proper name or mark of every fuch prifoner or prifoners, importing therein that fuch prifoner or prifoners, as aforefaid, doth or do intend to petition the court from whence the procefs ifliied, upon which he, (lie, or they ft and charged in execution or mefne procefs, as aforefaid, or into the prifon to which any fuch prifoner (hall have been removed by habeas corpus, or (hall (land charged by mefne procefs, or under execution on any judgment recovered on any bill or declaration filed or delivered in any fuch court; and alfo fetting forth in every fuch notice or writing, a true copy of the account or fchedule, including the whole real and perfonal eftate of the ptrlbn or peifons Vol. XI.	S	fo

*74 A. D.

, 1797-Chap. 49.

if creditor* appear, or do not appear, court (hall examine Summarily;

Oath to be ad-miuiftercd to prii'oncr.

The thirty feisentb Tear of George III.

fo defigning to petition, which he, fhe, or they doth or do intend to deliver into any fuch court, other than and except the neceffary wearing apparel, and bedding of the prifoner or prifoners, and his, her, oc their family, and the tools or inflruments of his, her, or their trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole; and an affidavit of the due Service of every fuch notice, (hall be delivered with every fuch petition, at the time of presenting thereof, and openly read in the court to which any fuch petition lhall be addrefTed; and if any fuch court fhali thereupon be Satisfied of the regularity of every fuch notice, fuch petition (hall be received, and fuch court fhali thereupon, by order or rule of the fame court, caufe the prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning, to be brought up to fuch court on fome certain day, in fucli order or rule to be fpecified ; and the creditor or feveral creditors at whofc Suit any fuch prifoner or prifoners fhali (land charged in execution or mefne procefs, as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors or adminillrators, to be Summoned to appear personally, or by hi«, her, or their attorney in fuch court, at fome certain day to be Specified in fuch rule or order for that pnrpofc; and if any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who fhali be fo Summoned, hir> or her executors or adminillrators fhali appear in perfon, or by his, her, or their attorney; or if any fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or adminillrators, fhali refufc or negledt to appear in perfon, or by his, her, or their attorney, then, upon affidavit of the due fervice of fuch rule or order on him, her, or them, or his, her, or their attorney, if any fuch creditor or creditors, Ills, her, or their executors or adminillrators cannot be met with, fuch court fhali, in a Summary way, examine into the matter of every fuch petition, and hear what can or fhali be alledged on either iide, for or againll the discharge of any fuch prifoner or prifoners who (ball fo petition, and upon fuch examination, every fuch court is hereby required to adminillcr or tender to the prifoner or prifoners, refpe&ively, who fhali fo petition, and give fuch previous notice thereof, as is herein before directed, an oath to tfie following effedl, that is to fay :

I A. 13* do ftvear in the prefence of Almighty God, that the account by me fetforth in 'my petition, prefented to this honourable court, doth contain a full and true account of the real and per-fonal cflatc, debts, credits, and effects •whatfoever, which I or any perfon in trufl for me, at the time of my firjl imprifonment iu this a .lion, or any timefmcc, had or was in any refped entitled to, in pfjlffion, reverfton qr remainder, except the wearing apparel and Jedding of or for me and my family, and the tools „ - .

Digitized by

Google



The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

or inftruments of my trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds m value,, in the whole, and alfo an account of how much of my real and perfonal efhitrs, debts, and credits, or ejfcfis, hath Jince been difpofed of, releafed, or difeharged, and how, to whom, and on what cotfideration, and for what purpofe, ana how much thereof, I, or any perfon or perfons in trujl for me, have, or at the time of my prejeniing my faid petition to this honourable court had, or which 1 am, or was, or any perfon in tru;t for me, or for my ufc, in any ways inierfled in, or entitled to, in poffejfion, rtverfton, remainder, or expectancy; and alfo a true account of all deedi, writings, boeks, papers, fccuritics, bonds and notes relating thereto ; and where the fame rcfpeclivcly now are, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief, ar.d what charges are now affe fling the real ejlate I am now feinted of, or entitled to, if any fuch prifoner or prifoners Jhall be then feixed of any real ejlate } and that I have not at any time before or fmee my imprifonment, dircflly or indirectly, fold, leafed, efftgned, mortgaged, pawned,, or olherwife difpofed of, or made over, in trujl fur rayfclf, or other wife than is mentioned in fuch account, any part of my meffuages, lands, tenements, cjlates, goods, flock, money, debts, or other real or perfonal ejlate, whereby to have or expefl any benefit, advantage, or profit to myfelf or my family, or with any view, dejign, or intent to deceive, injure, or defraud any of my creditors to whom I am indebted.

So help me God.

And in cafe any prifoner or prifoners, as aforefaid, (hall in Whrn a pri-open court take the faid oath, fuch court, in which any j°?|r fuch oath, as aforefaid, fh II be taken, may then immediately rpUr^ay order order the meffuages, lamb', goods, tenements, and effects g0(,JSj &c ^c. contained in fuch account, or lo much of them as may be fufneient to fathfy the debt or debts wherewith any fuch prifoner or prifoners fhail lland charged, in execution or by mefne procefs, and the fee3 due to the warden, marfhnl, or keeper of the gaol or prifon from which any fuch prifoner* was brought, to be, by a fhort endor lenient on the back of fuch petition, and to be figned by the prifoner, nfiigned v and conveyed to the creditor or creditors who (hall have charged any fuch prifoner in execution, or by mefne process, if more than one, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adni-niftrators and afiigns, for the benefit of him, her, or them, who lhall have fo charged any fuch prifoner in execution, or by mefne procefs, fubject nevertheless to all prior incumbrances affe&tng the fame; and the eilate, interctl or property of all meffuages, lands, debts, good.', eilates and cl-fe&s which (hall belong to any fuch prifoner, fh;d!, by fuch alignment and conveyance, as aforefaid, be veiled in the perfon or perfons to whom fuch alignment aqd conveyance S 2	lhall

A* D.

^797-Chap. 49.

The thirty-fcvmtb Tear of George III.

A. D.

*797-Chap. 49.

fuch creditors miy take ^of-idion.fuc, ftc.

ltTpn*?* to dif-poic of eft ate* and cflfedU fpeedily, and els vide amongft creditor* who Charged prifoner*, prnportfon-ably j

(hall be made, according to the eftate and intereft fuch pri-foner or prifoners had therein rcfpe&ively ; and the creditor or creditors to whom any fuch affignment and conveyance (hall be made, (hall and may take poflefiion of, and fue in his, her or their name or names for the recovery thereof, in like manner as aflignecs of commifBoners of bankrupts can or may fue for the recovery of the eftate ar#d effe&s of bankrupts which (hall be affigned and conveyed to them5 and no rclcafe of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, his or her executors or adminiftrators, or any truftce for him or them, fnbfeqiKnt to fuch aflignment and conveyance, (hall be pleadable, or be allowed in bar of any a&ion or fuit which (hall be commenced by any fuch aflignee or affignees of any prifoner or prifoners, for the recovery of any of bis, her, or their eftate or effefb; and upon every fuch afiignmeet and conveyance being executed by any fuch prifoner or prifoners, he, (he, or they (hall be difeharged out of cuftodr, by rule or order of fuch court which (hall be petitioned by any fuch prifoner, and fuch rule or order being produced to, and a copy thereof, being left wuth any fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient warrant to him to difeharge every fuch prifoner 6t prifoners, if charged in execution or mefnc procefs, or detained for the caufes mentioned in his, her, or their rcfpe£Uve petition, and no other; and every fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keeper, is hereby required on having fuch order produced to him, and a copy thereof left with him, to dif-ebarge, and fet at liberty forthwith, every fuch prifoner or prifbners who (hall be ordered, as aforefaid, to be fo dif-changed, wifhout taking any fee, or detaining him, her or thejh, in refpe& of any demand of any fuch (heriff, war-marftial, gaoler, or keeper, for, or in refpeft of chamber-rent, or lodging, or for or in refpeft of any fees theretofore claimed, or due to any fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keeper, or any employed by, or under him or them ; and no fuch fheriff, gaoler, or keeper (hall afterwards be liable to any a&ion of efeape, or any fuit or information on that accouut, or for what lie fhall do in purfuance of this a& ; and the petfon 01 perfons to whom the eftate and effc&a of any fuch prifoit.r or prifoners (ball be aiftgned and conveyed, (hall, with all convenient fpced, fell, and difpofe of the eflates and effe&s of every fuch prifoner, which (hall be fo affigned and conveyed, and fhall divide the net produce of all fuch e dates and effects amongft the creditors of every fuch prifoner and prifoners (if more than one) who (hall hare charged any fuch prifoner in execution, or by mefne procefs, before the time of fuch prifoner’s petition td be difeharged fhall have been prefented, ratcably, and'in proportion to their refpec-

tive



Digiti^^Go

The thirty-froenth Tear of George III.

*77

tire debts ; but in cafe the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit A. D. any prifoner or prifoners flood charged in execution, or by 1797. mefne procefs, as afore (aid, (hall not be fatisfied with the Chap. 49* truth of any fuch petitioner’s oath, and (hall either perfon* ally,vor by his, her, or their attorney, if he, fhe, or they cannot perfonally attend; and proof (hall be made thereof to the fatisfa&ion of any fuch coyrt as aforefaid, deiire further time to inform him, her, or themfelvcs of the matters contaiued therein, any fuch court may remand fuch prifoner or prifoners, and dire& him, her, or them, and the perfon or perfons diflatisfied, as aforefaid, with fuch oath, to appear either in perfon, or by his or their attorney, on fome other day, to be appointed by fuch faid court, fome time, at furtheft, within the firfi week of the term next following the time of fuch examination, but fooner if any fuch court lhall think fit; and all objfdions which (hall be made as to the infuificiency in point of form agaipH any prifoner’s Schedule of his cftates and effc&s, fhall be only made the firlt time, and fuch prifoners fhall be brought up, and if at fuch Second day which (hall be appointed, the creditor or creditors diflatisfied with fgch oath, (hall make default in appearing, either in perfon, or by his, her, or their attorney, or in cafe he, fhe, or they fhall appear, if lie, fhe, or they fhall be unable to difcover any eftate or effects of the prifoner omitted in the account fet forth in fuch his or her petition, then, and ip any fuch cafe, fuch court fhall by rule or order thereof, immediately caufe the fuid prifoner or prifoners to be difcharged, upon fuch prifoner or prifoners executing fuch alignment, and conveyance of his or her eftate and effects, in manner as affignmcnts and conveyances of prifoners eflates and efTc&s are herein before directed to be made, unlefs fuch creditor or creditors, who fhall have charged any fuch prifoner or prifoners in execution, or by mefne procefs as aforefaid, his, her, or their executprs or adminiitrators, doth, or do infill upon fticli prifoner or pri-ioners being detained in prifon, and fhall agree by writing, figned with his, her, or their name or games, mark or marks, or under the band of his, her, or thefir attorney, in cafe any fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, pr their executors or adminiitrators, fhall ba out of 'this kingdom, to pay and allow weekly, a Sum not exceeding two (hillings and four-pence, as any fuch court fhall think fit, pnto the faid prifouer to'be paid eyeiy Monday in every >veek, fo long as any fuch prifoner (hall continue in prifon in execution, or under mefne procefs, at the fuit of any fuch creditor or creditors, in every filch cafe, every fuch prifoner or prifoners fhall be remanded back to the prifon or gaol from whence he, fhc> or they was, or were brought up there to

continue

Digitized by

27$

A. D.

1797-Chap. 49.

Where more than one creditor detains pri* loner each pay ?8. ad. a week.

Prifoners in gaol not within co. or city of Dublin, may petition as before directed, &c.

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

continue in execution, or under mefne procefs ; but if any failure fliall at any time be made in the payment of the wee k-ly fum which (hall be ordered by any fuch court to be paid to any fuch prifoner, fuch prifoncr, upon application in term-time to the court where the fuit in which any fuch prifonet fhall be charged imexecution, or under mefne procefs, was commenced, or fhall have been' carried on, or in the prifon of which court any fuch prifoner fhall Hand committed on any habeas corpus, or in vacation titnr, to any judge of any fuch court, may, by order of any fuch court or judge, be difeharged out of euftody on every fuch execution 01 mefne proccfs, proof being made before fuch court or judge, on oath, of the non payment for any week pf the fum of money ordered, and agreed to* be weekly paid ; but every fuch prifoner and prifoners before he, Ihc^ or they {hall be fo difeharged out of cuftody, by any fuch rule or order, fhall execute an aflignment and conveyance of his, her, or their eflate and effefts, in manner herein before di-refted, and if any fuch prifoner, who fhall petition or ap-

afor his, or her difeharge under this aft, fhall refufe to e the faid oath herein before -direfted to be taken, or taking the fame, fhall afterwards be detefted before any fuch court or judge of falfity therein, or fhall refufe to execute fuch alignment, and conveyance of hig or her eflates and effefts, as aforefaid, as herein before is required to be made by him, her, or them refpeftively, he, (he, or they fhall be prefently remanded, and continue in execution, or under mefne proccfs, as aforefaid.

II. Provided always. That wvere more creditors than one fhall charge &ny prifoner or prifoners, ’in execution or under mefne proci f$, and fhall dtlire to have fucb prifoner or prifoners detained.in *prifon, each and every fuch creditor and creditors fhall, only, refpeftively pay fuch weekly fum of money, not exceeding one (hilling and two-pence each a week, on every Monday.in every fuch week, to or for fuch refpeftive prifoner, as the court before whom any fuch prifoncr fhall be brought to be difeharged, fhall at the time of his, her, or their being remanded, x>n fuch note, for payment’ of the weekly fum ordered to be paid being given direft or appoint.

III. Provided alfo, That from and after the faid firf! day of June, one thoufand feven hundred arid niriety-feven, where any prifoner or prifoners fhall be charged in execution, or under mefne procefs, in any county gaol, or other gaol or prifon, except w'ithin the county or city, or county of the city of Dublin, then upon petition being made by any fuch prifoner or prifoners* to the court from whence any fuqh execution or mefne procefs again!! any fuch prifoner or pri-

foncr*

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty frvcntb Tear of George III.

foners ifiued, or in the prifon of which court any fuch pri- A. D. foner fhall be iraprifoned, in the like form and manner as 1797 -the petitions herein before mentioned are dire&ed to be Chap. 49. made ; and on an affidavit of the purport as affidavits are herein before directed to be made, in the cafe of prifoners, confined in the Four-courts Marfhulfea, or in any other prifon in the county, city, or county of the city of Dub* lin, being made and Jeft with fuch petition, fuch court, on being fatisfied with the truth of fuch affidavit, is hereby authorized and required to make a rule or order to caufe the prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning to be brought to the	*

next affizes which (hall be holden for the county or place where lie. fhe, or they fhall be imprifoned, and the expence of bringing every fuch prifoner to any fuch affizes, not exceeding one (hilling a mile, (hall be paid to the keeper, or gaoler, or officer who fhall bring any fuch prifoner to any fuch affizes, in obtdience to any fuch rule or order as aforefaid, ferved on him out of every fuch prifoners eft ate pr effects, if the fame fhall be fufficient to pay fuch expence,

*urd if not, then fuch expence fhall be paid by the treafurer of the county or city in which any fuch prifoner fhall be imprifoned, as the fame fhall be dire&ed or ordered by any judge before whom fuch prifoner may be brought ; and the grand jury of fuch county, or county of a city, is hereby empowered and required to prefent the amount thereof, and the creditor or feveral creditors, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, at whofe fuit any fuch prifoner or prifoners fhall ftand committed, as aforefaid, fhall, by rule or order of the court from whence the procefs ifTued, be fum-moned to appear at the faid next affizes, if fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, o'r their executors or adminiftrators can be met with, and if not, then the attorney, if living, lafb * employed for fuch creditor or creditors, fhall be fummoned to appear there; and a copy of every fuch rule or order fhall be^ ferved on every fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, or be left at his, her, or their dwclling-houfe, or ufual place of abode, or with his, her, or their attorney, if living, who was laft employed as aforefaid, ten days at leaft before the holding of any fuch affizes; and on the affidavit of fuch fervice thereof being laid before the judge or judges of affize, on being fatisfied with the truth of fucii affidavit, is and are hereby required to appoint a time for hearing the matter of every fuch petition as aforefaid, on fome certain day and time during fuch affizes ; and upon the appearance there of the creditor or creditors, who fir all be fummoned in purfuance of this ad, his, her, or their executors, or adminiftrators, or in default of the appearance either in perfon, or by attorney

Digitized by L^OOQle

*Bo

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

A. D.

mi-

Chap. 49.

ney of the party or parties who (liall have been fumrnoned fo to appear, then on proof of his her, or their being duly ferved with the notice hereby required to be given, and a copy of the account of the real and perfonal eftate of the pnfoncr or prifoners defu ing to be difeharged, being comprized in fuch notice, and alfo of the rule of the court for his, her, or their appearance at fuch affixes, having been duly ferved as herein before is dire&ed, the judge or judges of fuch affixes refpe&ively, fhall there in a fummary way examine into the matter of every fuch petition, and hear what can or fhall be alledged on either fide, for or againft the difeharge of the pnfoncr or prifoners fo petitioning, and ttpon every fuch examination, fuch judge and judges of af-fixe refpc&ively, or any one of them is and are hereby empowered and required, refpe&ively, within their rdpc&ive j’lrif ^iftions to adminifter or tender to every fuch prifoner, the farqe oath herein before is directed and appointed to bfc taken by any prifonert before the judges of tne court out of which the procefs upon which any fuch prifoner was taken ifined, and fuch fa,d judge or judges of affize,' re-fpe£tmiy, or any one of them, is, and are hereby respectively authorized and required to make fuch order in the premifes, as to him or them (ball feem meet, and to proceed tn the fame manner concerning the difeharge of any prifoner or prifoners in prifon within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions and to give the fame judgment, relief, and dire&ions relating thereto, as any court, out of which any procefs fhall ifTue agaiufl any fuch prifoner as aforefaid, is herein before empowered an^l dirc&ed to do ; and every prder which fhall be made in the premifes by any fuch judge or judges of affize, fhall be as valid and effedual as if the fame had been made in the court out of which the procefs ifTued, on which any fuch prifoner was committed to prifon ; and the fame fhall be made a record of tjie proceedings *t fuch affixes and a copy thereof fhall from thence be traiifmitted to the court from whence the xqcfiie procefs, or execution, againft tfie prifoner or pri oners difeharged ifTued, or was awarded, iigned by the faid judges of affize, to be a record of the fa id court, and to be kept 4s fuch, amongft the other records thereof.

CHAP.

V



Digitized by L^OOQie

The thirtyfeventh Tear of George III,

CHAP. L

Au^ AB for further extending tie Provisos of an A3t j%ajed jn the Twenty -firf and Twenty fecund Tear* of Hit Majejtft R**gnt Entitled, An A3 for ejfabltjhing a Bank, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of * Ireland*

WHEREAS in purfuance of in aft of Parliament

parted in the twenty-firft and twenty-fccond year® 6oo,ocol un. of his Majerty’s reign, entitled, An Ad for cfaMUbmg a hanky by the name of the governor and company of the bank of ** l*cerPefater» Irelandy the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds was fub-feribed and paid by debentures, iflued from his Majefty’s treafury, and tlie perfops who fubferihed and paid the fame, were by letters patent under the great fcaj of this kingdom, incorporated by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland: and whereas by another aft parted in the thirty-firft year of his iViajefty’s reign, entitled. An A3 to extend the trovifions of an aft pa/fed in the twenty firji and twenty fecond years of hit Majejty's reigny entitled. An A3 for eftabhjh'wg a hank by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Irelandy it is enafted, That the faid governor and company might icccive fubferiptions for enlarging their aforefaid capital flock, or fund, of fix hundred thoufand pounds, in any fum not exceeding the fqrther fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, fo as to make their whole capital flock the fum of one million of pouuds: and whereas the faid further fum of four hundred thoufand pound** wa| accordingly fubferibed and paid; and whereas it will further promote the extenfion of public credit, if the capital' flock of the faid bank were encreafed by the addition of a further fum, not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds; be it enafted by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituaT and temporal^ and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the faipe, T^at it fball and may be lawful capital ft<*k for the faid governor and company, and they are hereby au- may be in-thorized ana empowered fo foon as they fhall think proper, cmfcd ** to receive fubferiptions from any perfon or perfons, natives x*50°poqL or foreigners, bodies politic Of corporate, fop enlarging their capital flock, or fund, of one million of ponnds, in any fum not exceeding the further fum of five hundred thoufand p >unds capital (lock, fo as to make the whole capital dock the Turn df one million five hundred thoufand pounds, provided

Subfcribers

Digitized by

!

The thirty-feventh Year of George III.

vided the whole thereof (hall he fubferibed and paid, on or before the feventcenth day of February, One thoufand fcven hundred and ninety-eight, by fiich indalments as are herein after mentioned, that is to fay, five pounds per centum, on or before the feventcenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven ; ten pounds per centum, on tke feventeenth day of June, following; fifteen pounds per centum., on the feventeenth day of July, following; ten

{rounds per centum, on the feventeenth day of Augufff fol-owing ; a like payment on the eighteenth day of September, following ; a like payment on the feventeenth day of O&ober, following} a like payment on the feventcenth day of November, following; a like payment on the eighteenth day of December, following, a like payment on the fevea-teenth day of January, following ; and a like payment on the feventeenth day of February, following ; and the capital flock fubferibed and paid for, (hall, from and after the time of fuch payment, be deemed and taken as and for a part of the capital (lock of the faid corporation ; and the fubferibers thereto, from and after the time of making full payment for fuch additional (lock, and their refpe&ive executors, ad-miniftrators and aiftgns, (hall at all times be members of the faid corporation, and incorporated therein, and (hall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy, all benefits, privileges and advantages, and immunities, and be ffTbje£l and liable to all regulations, rules and orders, to which the prefent (lock-holders and members of the faid corporation, in refpedt of the dock held by, and belonging to them, ate refpe&ively entitled, fubje& and liable unto by the faid at\ of Parliament and chatter, or by any bye-law of the faid corporation, or otherwife howfoever; and the faid additional dock (hall be transferable and aflignable in bke manner, and the proprietors arid holders thereof, (hall hold their re-fpe&tve (hares of the faid additional dock, in like manner as the refpedlive dock-holders of the faid corporation now . do, and hereafter (hall hold and enjoy the refpe&ive fums belonging to them in the prelent capital dock of the faid corporation, and the fame (hall in all refpe&s be confolidatcd and united as one joint dock.

II. And be it further cna&ed, That the faid corporation (hall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the faid additional dock, as they (hall make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the prefent dock of the faid corporation ; the firll of which dividends (hall commence from fuch time a& (hall be fpecified in the propofals, or terms to be offered for fuch fubfeription by the faid court of dire&ors.

III. Provided always, That the faid court of dirc&ora 2^cn^°ftho^cr8 (hall, and they are hereby required t« give the option and

Dividends to I* paid to proprietors as here*

Preference



Dij-.^ed by

Google

*Tle thirty feventh Tear of George XIT>

preference in fubferibing for the faid additional flock, to fueh perforis as fliall hold the flock of the faid bank, at the time or timer, of fuch fubfeription as aforefaid, fo far as, and not exceeding upon the whole of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, the amount of fifty pounds per cert-turn on the faid capital flock of one million of pounds, which fhall be then held by each flock-holder fo fubferibing, and in the fame proportion for any fum lefs than the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, which may from time to time be fubferibed for and paid and all executors, admiuiflrators, guardians and truflees, fhall be indemnified in making fuch fubferiptions and payments.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe any penfon after having fubferibed, fhall fail to make any of the payments agreed at the refpeCtive times appointed for making fuch payments, then and in every fuch cafe, all drpofites and payments made by fuch defaulters, previous to fuch default, fhall be forfeited to, and become the property of the faid corporation ; and in cafe all the proprietors of the faid capital ilock of one million of pounds, fhall not fub-feribe for their refpcCtivt* proportions of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, then fuch deficiency fhall be dif-pofed of to fuch other perfons as fliall be willing to fubferibe for the fame, in fuch proportions as aforefaid ; and in cafe any proprietor or proprietors fliall refufe or negleCt to fub-feribe and pay his, her, or their fhare of the motlieg fo to bs paid at the time or times aforefaid, it fhall and^ may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland,, and their fuceefiors, not only to flop the fhare or dividend of the funds, flocks, or profits of the faid company, which fhall from time to time become payable to fuch member or members fo neglecting or refufing, and to apply the fame from time to time, for or towards payment of the fhare of the money fo called for, and which ought to have been paid by fuch membfcr or members fo neglecting or refufing, until the fame fhall be fatisiied, but alfo to flop the transfers or sflign-ments of the fhare of every fuch defaulter, and to charge every fuch defaulter with an interefl after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the monies fo by him, her, or them, omitted to be paid, from the time the fame were appointed to be paid, and the intereit thereof; and in cafe the principal and intereit fhall be unpaid by the fpace of three months, then the fafd governor and company of the bank of Ireland, fliall have power to fell fo much of the {lock of every fuch defaulter, as fhall fatisfy and pay the fame, rendering the overplus to the proprietor, if any be.

V.	And be it enaCted, That from the time the faid fum of five hundredthoufand pounds fhall be fubferibed and paid

in,

Perfons who fail to make payments (hall forfeit depo* Ctcs.

When the 500,0001. paid in, corporation

Digitized by

isyborrowino-

*qr-

Bulk to pay fubfcriptiocu in* to exchequer.

%5&ocL m year to be paid to hank, is ia-tcreJL

Applica"'-on of faid joopooL

The tbirty-fevctttb Tcaro£George III.

in, the faid corporation may borrow, or give fecurity for any fum or fums, fo that they (hall not owe at any one time, more than a fum equal to the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, any thing in the faid a£t contained to the contrary notwithltanding.

VI.	And be it cna&ed, That the laid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, (hall immediately after receiving the fubferiptiont to the faid fum of five hundred thou-fand pounds, pay the fame into the receipt of his Majcfty'v exchequer, as a loan to his Majedy, as part of the fum of three million three hundred and ninety-five thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix pounds, authorized to be borrowed towards raifmg the fupply granted to his Majedy, for the fervice of the year one -thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven.

VIL And be it enafted, That there (hall be paid, and payable at thy receipt of his Maicdy’s exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, out of the duties and funds, appropriated for the payment of the inhered of monies, railed in pu fuanee of any ad or ads of Parliament, for the ufe of his Majedy^ government, an ia-tcreft or annuity of twenty-five thoufand pounds, being a fum equal to the amount of the whole intered of the laid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum? which fuiq (hall be paid by two equal half-yearly payments, to the governor and com-pany of the bank of Ireland, without any defalcation or abatement, the fird payment of the (aid annuity, or intered, to be made on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, after the whole of the laid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds (hall be fo paid into the receipt of fiis Majedy’s exchequer; and alfo, that there (hall be paid, and payable to the faid governor and company, at the receipt of his iVfajedy’s exchequer, out of the laid duties, and fund, a further annuity of tlyree pounds twelve (hillings and fix pence, for every one hundred pounds of the faid turn pf five hundred thoufand pounds, which (hail be fo paid into the receipt of his Majedy’s exchequer, fuch annuity to continue for nineteen years, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and nisety-feven, and to be paid by half-yearly payments, on every twenty-fpurth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December.

VIIJ. And be it f naded. That fo foon as the laid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds (hall fie paid into the receipt of his Majeily’s exchequer, the fame (hall be applied in the di (charge of the fum of three hundred thousand pounds, for which a treafury bill, or treafury bills, payable on the

faid

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.	285

filid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fcven hun- A. D. dred and ninety-feven, hath, or hate been iffued 5 and alfo 1797« in difcharge of the fum of one hundred and fifty thoufand Chap. 50. pounds tor which another treafury bill, or other treafury bills, hath, or liavc been iffued, payable on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven ; and alfo towards difcharge of the fum of fifty thoufand pounds, part of a film of one hundred and thirty thoufand pounds, for which treafury bills, payable on the faid twenty-fifth day of December, have been ilTued, and which fevtral bills are now in the poffefiion of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and that on payment of the faid ftim of five hundred thoufand pounds into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, on or before the faid twenty-fourth day of June, to be applied as aforefaid, the laid governor and company (hall be paid at the receipt of his toajefty’s exchequer, a difeount of two pounds ten (hillings per centum, for prompt payment on the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, and all'intereft on the faid treafury bills hereby directed to be paid off, (hall ceafe from the faid twenty-fourth day of June, and fuch treafury bills (hall be delivered to the proper officers of his Majefty's treafury to be cancelled.

IX.	And whereas by an aft palled in the lafl feffion of By 36C. 3. Parliament, entitled, yin /I8 for fecuring the payment of the c 1 25,500!. annuities, and of the intereR upon the principal fumt therein ordered to provided fory and towards the difcharge • of fuch principal 1*^t0 fumsy in fuch manner as therein it directedy and for enabling

the officers of his Majfly's treafury to receive' certain fumt for a limited timef in manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto t$s Majejlyy a certain fum of money out of the confoli-dated fundy and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, for the ftrvice of the year one thoufand Jeven hundred and ninety-fx, and for other purpofes : it is enafted, that the yearly fum of twenty-five thoufand five hundred pounds, being a fum equal to the intereft at the rate of four pounds five (hillings per centum per annum, on the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds fubferibed, purfuant to the faid aft pafled in the twenty-fiift and twcnty-fccond years of his Majefty’s r*ign, in government debentures, bearing an intereft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annttm9 ihould be regularly paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, by half-yearly payments, in lieu of the annuity of twenty-four thoufand pounds, appointed to be paid to the faid governor and company by the faid kft mentioned aft.

X.	And whereas it is reafonable ip confideration of the so&x>\ a payment into the receipt of his M^jeftyk exchequer, fpr the yd^iball be

ufe paid as inttf-

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fmenth Tear of George III.

A. D,

eft ni\ faid 6co,oool.

If the company dlflblved, principal fums and arrears ll.all be paid by parliament.

life of the government, of the hud fum of five bundled thoufand pounds, fo to be added to the capital (lock of the faid governor and company, as aforefaid, that an annuity equal to the intercll of the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, {hould be paid to the laid governor and company, in lieu of the (aid annuity of twenty-five thoufand five hundred pounds ; be it enacled. That the yearly fum of thirty thousand pounds, being a fum equal to the intereft of the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, commencing from the faid twenty-fourth day of June, {hall be regularly paid to the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, by half-yearly payments, in lieu of the faid former fucceflive annuities of twenty-four thoufand pounds, and twenty-five thoufand five hundred pounds, in the fame manner as the faid former annuities, or either of them, were dirc&ed to be paid.

XI- Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe the faid company {hall be diflolved, purfuant to the faid a<ff, patted in the thirty-firft year of his Majefty's reign, not only the faid fum of fix hundred tlioufadd pounds {ball be repaid by J^irliament to the faid governor and company in debentures, puifuant to the faid atls, but alfo, the faid fum of five hundred t oufand pounds {hall be paid to the faid governor and com: any in money ; together .with all arrears of the faid feveral annuities of thirty thoufand pounds, twenty-five thoufand pounds, and three pounds twelve (hillings and fix pence, for every one hundred pounds of the faid turn of five hundred thoufand pounds.

C H A P. LI.

An A3 for confirming and continuing for a limited Time, the Reflridions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March, One thoufand fevrn hundred and ninety-fevsn, on Payments in Caps by the Bank.

Declaration *\y^/HEREAS His excellency the lord lieutenant of of lord lieut. and VV this kingdom, and his Majcfty’s privy council, by council on ad minute of council made on the fecond day of March, one Mar. 1797. thonfahd feven hundred and ninety-feven, declared it to be their unanimous opinion, that the direflors of the bank of Ireland, (hould forbear iffuing any ca(h in payment until the fenfe of parliament (hould be taken on that fiibje6t, and it . was ordered* that a copy of the faid minute {hould be tranf-'	**	,	mitted

"Digitized by

Google

*The thirty feventh Tear of G«orge III.	*	287

mitted to the direftors of the bank of Ireland, and they A* D. were thereby required on the grounds of the emergency of 1797. the cafe Hated in the faid minute to conform thereto until Chap. 51. the feufe of parliament Ihould be taken, as aforefaid : And whereas in purfuance of the faid minute, the faid gv>vernor and company of the bank of Ireland, have finc« the faid fecond day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, forborn to iflue cafh in payments, except for purpofes for which the iflue of cafh was deemed unavoidable, and it is neceflary that the reftri&ion contained in the faid minute, although not warranted by law Ihould be confirmed, and fhould be continued for a limited time, by the authority of parliament, be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all a(g8 0f adls done by the faid governor and company of the bank of nurfuano* of Ireland, or by their order or diredrion in purfuance of the *a*d npmitc «,f faid minute of council fhall be, and the fame are hereby ra- coullc^ fati Bed. titled and confirmed, and that all and every perfon and per-fons who have or hath been concerned in doing any fuck acts, or any matter or thing relating thereto fhall be, and are and is hereby faved harmlefs, indemnified and difcharg-ed, in refpedl thereof, as well againft the King’s Majefty, kis heirs and fucceffors, as againit all and every other per- . fon and perfons, and all fuits and proceedings whatfoever touching or concerning any matter difcharged by this adl,fhall be, and the fame are hereby made void and of no effect to all intents and purpofes, any law, flatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it eiindled, That it fhall not be lawful for the Bank rot to faid governor and company to iflue any cafli in payment of	Q,1l»

any debt or demand whatfoever, except according to the	as	,n*

proviiions herein after contained, and that during the continuance of the reflriclion hereby impofed on payments by the faid governor and company in cafli, no a&ion or fuit fhall be profccuted or brought againft the faid governor and company, to compel payment of any note of the faid governor • and company exprelftd to be payable on demand, or to compel payment of any note of the faid governor and company made payable otherwife than on demand, which the faid governor and company fhall be willing to’ exchange for any note or notes of equal amount, expreued to be payable on demand, or to compel payment of any fum whatfoever bv the faid governor and company; which the'faid governor and company fhall be willing to pay in notes of the faid governor and company, expreffed to be payable on demand, and it (hall be lawful for the faid governor, and company during

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ir court think ncc lfiry, proceedings to go

Nocoft«

vgunft brink*, imlcf* court is r>f opinion that flit was ncccffa* 17 to aicertaia debt or title.

The tUrif-feoenth Year of George III.

the continuance of the reftri&ion aforefaid, on payments in cafh to apply to the court wherein any action or fuit (hall be brought or (hall be depending again ft the faid governor apd company to ftay proceeding* therein in a fummary way, and in cafe iuch a&iou or fuit (hall be brought to compel pay* ment of any note or notes of the faid governor and com* pany made payable on demand, it (hall be lawful for the faid governor and company to apply to the faid court, to ftay ail proceedings in fuch a&ion or fuit until tlie expiration of the time herein after limited for the continuance of fuch re» ftri&ion, as aforefaid, and fuch court (hall ftay all proceedings accordingly, and in like manner it /hall be lawful for the (aid governor and company to apply to any court in which any &&ion or fuit /hall be brought, or depending for the purpofe of compelling payment by the faid governor and company payable otherwise than on demand, or qf any other debt or demand whatfoever, to ftay all proceedings agiinft the faid governor and company, in fuch a&ion or fuit, on payment of fuch fum of money as /hall appear to be juftly due, or which might be recovered in fuch a&ion or fuit, by delivery of notes of the faid governor and company f>r the amount thereof exprefled to be payable on demand, if the party or parties to whom fuch money /hall appear to be due, fliall be willing to accept payment thereof in /uch rotes, and thereupon fuch court (hall order all proceedings to lie ftayed, accordingly,9 but if the party or parties entitled to any fuch money, (hall refufe to accept payment thereof, by delivery of fuch notes of the faid governor and company ex-prefled to be payable on demand as aforefaid, the faid court (hall order ail proceedings againft the faid governor and company in fuch a&ion or fuit, to be ftayed until the expiration of the time herein after limited, for the continuance of fuch re/lri&ion on payments in cafh, as aforefaid.

III.	Provided always. That if it /hall appear to fuch court to be ncceflary for the npurpofe of auxrtaining the amount of any demand on the laid governor and company, or otherwife for the furtherance of ju/lice, that any proceedings /hould be had for any fuch purpofe, it /hall be lawful for the faid court to permit preceding* to be had in any fuch a&ion or fuit, for Iuch ncceflary purpofe only, or to afeertain the amount of fuch demand in a fummary way, as the nature of the particular cafe may require, and as /hail be confiftent with the reftri&ion on payments i.i cafli hereby impofed.

IV.	Provided alfo, That no cofls /hall be recovered agaidft the faid governor and company in any a&ion or fuit, which during the continuance of the refH&ion aforefaid, fliall be brought or profecuted for the purpofe of compelling

'	payment

Digitized by L^ooQie

tfortyfowh Ym of QsPtflS Uf-

by the kid goy^or aiy} coitroany* gf apy debt QT demand, imleft the $pmt wberetn the Tam? fli$ be brought or profeeptr^ /ball bf of opinjo^ that the i^ny: was nc^i-fary for the purpofe of afeertaming the ampunt 9f fycb d^fet or 4«w^4( 9r the title thereto* ^nd in tuc^ cafe fuch court may dirc<ft the ptynjent of fyfh coiU by ftp fald governor and company m tfipir notes, expreffei to bp pay^blp on demand* if tl# party or parties entitled to fqch qoftp fhnU fee willing to accept fych notes* an4 if fijeh party of parties (hall refute to accept fqcb nptqs, they mch court (ball ftay ali proceedings to compel paymcqt of fiich cods, iMit.il aftqr the e^piratfon of fjbe xe(Indian on payments by the laid governor and company in cai^ herein cou-twed.



V.	Prodded always* ^nd it is hereby ,ena&edt That nq- Bqub-Jpf thing ,in this ad contained, (hell extend to refit rain the £aid governor and company from ifliyng any fupi of money lcfj

than twenty (hillings in ca£b, in paymenf of any debt or demand not amounting to twenty (hillings, or in payment of fp much of any larger debt or demand, as ihall be a fractional part of twenty (hillings, o^er and above the refiduc Qf ifuch debt dempnd ; or from iiftdng apy fum of money in cafh* for the Services qf the army, navy, or ordnance, ia purfi^pce of pn order qf his Majefty’j privy council, (fating %hc (peci«d piKPofc for .which iucli order (bull be required, gnd the neceffity of the fame, qll which orders of councu (hall be laid before both houfes of ppxluunent, within three days aft$r the date of each fuch order, if parliament (hall be *bqn fitting, qqd if npt, then within jbree days after thf fitting of pai liament.	v

VI.	Provided always, ar.d be it enabled, That during ftvidtmay re- # Abe ^witiuua^ce of the ipllri<ftiqn by thjs ad impofed on ceive call*, (not -payments by the laid governor and company in calh, it flu^l kf» 5^

be lawful fcr the faid go verier and company, to accept from ^ga£^nu! any pqrfcm or perfon$, any fum or fums-of money m ca(h,

HQt b«ing lefs tha;ri fifty pounds* in exchange fqr notes qf .the feid governor and company, of equal amount, opon.^n ^ig^g^Wqt fiqm the (aid governor and company, to pay to ,fuch p?rlpn or perfons (dmpig the continuance of fuch re-’ iri&iqft, ;Wh in qx^hange, for ai\y note or nates of the {aid ,governqr and company, payable on depiand to fuch an jWnuiM\t,.,bot exceeding in the whole tfoec-fourths of the .Jam.of mun^y which (hall have beqn fo paid by fuch peifon *>t per fens, to foe faid governor and company in^cafti, and *in (uch prpportions, and at fuch intervals, an /hall be cx-fwvfied. in fuch engagement; and it .(hall be lawful for foe f^d governor aiid company to pjy in calh, fuch fum apd fuiy^pf money, as (hqft be required foJ^ejo £a;4t accotd-Aol XI.	T	iug

Payments made by bank in np'(‘>, (hall be deemed payment* iu u(h.

Pcifon*? who offer Tv.nk of Ireland notes in payment not held to iWcial bail.

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

ing to the terms of fuch engagement, to the amount. in the proportions, at the times, and in manner therein to be exprefled, any thing in this adt contained to the contrary _ notwithllanding.

yil. And be it enacled, That all payments in notes of the laid governor and company, exprefled ard payable on demand, which have been made fince the faid fecond day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, or which (hall be made during the reftri&ion on payments, by the faid governor and company in cafh, herein contained, (hall be deemed payments in ca(h, if made and accepted a* fuch, any In a , ftatute, or ufnge to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enabled. That during the continuance of the reftriflion on payments by the laid governor and company in eaih, no perfon (hall be held to fpecial bail, upon any procefs iffuing out of any court, upon which fuch perfon, before the palling of this a<ft, might be held to fpe-chi bail, unlefs it (hall appear by affidavit, that no offer hath been made to pay in notes of the faid governor and company, exprefled to be payable on demand, (fractional parts of th« fum of twenty /hillings only excepted), the fum of money for which fpccial bail is required ; and if any procefs (hall be ilfued againft any perfon, upon which fuch perfon might have been held to fpecial bail, before the polling of thisadt, and affidavit dial! not be made, that fuch offer of'payment as aforefaid, had been made, fuch perfoe flu’ll rot be arrefted on fuch proccfs, but proceedings (hall be had againft fuch perfon, in the fame manner, as in any cafe in which fpecial bail cannot he required.

IX. Pi ovided alu rys, That in any cafe in which any perfon might have been held to fpecial bail, upon any procefs, may ’order'bank ^c^or(- l^le polling of this a^, if it (hall appear by affidavit of neland notes that fuch offer of payment has been made as aforefaid, lo that the* pcifnn or perfons who might have been arrefted and held to fpecial bail upon fuch procefs, if this a& had not been made, cannot by rcaftm of fuch offer, and of the pro-vilions in this a<ft contained, be fo arrefted and held to fpecial bail, it (hall be lawful for the court out ot which fuch proccfs (hall ifl’ue, or for any judge of fuch court in a fum-mary way, to order the defendant or defendants in the action in which fuch procefs (hall iffue, and who might have been fo held to fpecial bail as aforefaid, if this a£t had not been made, to caule notes of the faid governor and company, exprefled to he payable on demand, to the amount of the fum of money for which fuch perfon or perfons might 1 ave been fo held to fpccial bail, if this adf had not been made, to be dcoofited in fuch manner, as fuch court, or

fuch

On afFdavit of perfons held to

fi'ecialhail,court

to be depofited.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*Tbe thirty feventh Tear of George III.	291

fuch judge fhall dire&, to anfwer the demands of the plain- A. D. tiff <or plaintiffs in fuch aftion 5 and if fuch depofite fhall not 1797-be made within the time limited by fuch order, after fuch notice thereof, as fhall thereby be directed to'be given, it fhall be lawful upon affidavit duly made and filed, that fuch depoflte has not been made according to fuch order, to ar-refl fuch defendant or defendants, and hold him, her, or them, to fpecial bail, in fuch and the fame manner, as if this a& had not been made

X.	And be it ena&ed, That this a& fhall be in force, Reftritfion and have continuance, fo far as the fartie reftrains the go- on bark to convener and company of the bank of Ireland from iffumg tinue as herein, cafh in payments, until three months after the reftri&iou inipofed by an a6l of the parliament of Great Britain, on the governor and company of the bank of England, from iffuing cafh in payments lhall ceafe, unlefs the lord lieutenant and privy council of this kingdom fhall, by an order of council, clirc& that the faid reftri&ion on the governor and company of ihe bank of Ireland, fhall fooner ceafe.

C H A P. LII.

An A8 for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Cof T° *4 Jun« fee, andfecuring the Duties payable thereon.	1%'	^

FOR the better fecuring the duty upon coffee, to he confirmed in tliis kingdom, and to the intent that the fame may not be too burthenfome on the importers of fuoh coffee as fhall be exported to parts beyond the feas : be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent tViajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fuch coffee as fhall be Coffee may imported into this kingdom, upon entry thereof, at the be ware-hi>u?' 1 cuftom-houfe, and paying down in ready money net, with- onpaying3*. out any difeount or allowance whatfoever, a fum after the L A" rate of three fhilling3 and fix-pence for every one hundred weight thereof, and fecuring the rema nder of the duty on the importation theroof by bond, payable to Lis Majeily at the end of fifteen months from the date of fuch bond, fhall be forthwith carried or put into the King’s ware-houL, and the importer or importers thereof fnaii nave power to garble and feparate fuch coffee in fuch ware-houfea, to mnL * it merchantable, and the coffee lo brought into Uich v/:r*c-houfes, fhall not be taken or earned out from thence upou any account whatfoever, other than as is herein racutionect

T z	that

Digitized by

Google

/

The thirty-froer^k Ywtf George III.,

that is to fay, fuch of the faid coffee as fhall he fold, to be confumcd in this kingdom, {hall ba delivered out of fuch ware-houfe or ware-houfes, upon payment of the duty fo-cured thereon by the importer or importers as aforefafd, and for fuch of the faid coffee as {hall be exported within three years after import, the dpty of three {hillings and fix-pencc per hundred fo paid upon import, Avail be fully drawn back, and allowance fhall be made upon the bond entered into for the payment of the remaining'duties, for the duty pf fuch quantity exported.

If it continue* H. And bc enk&ed, That if the importer or importers month* hi **	c°ffcc	as fhall i>c & lodged in ware-houfes as afore-

ware houfel it fuid, {hall not within the fpace of fifteen months by pay-may be fold for meat of the faid duties fo fecured or by debentures, upon ^uty’	exportation	of	faid	coffee,	difeharge	his	or	their obligations,

but that the coffee, or any part thereof, (hall be» continue, and be dill remaining in the faid ware-houfes for want of payment of any of the duties due thereon, it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners or principal officers of the revenue at the refpedtive ports, to caiile the faid coffee fo remaining to be publickly fold by inch of candle, firft giving the importer or importers thereof fourteen days notice in writing of fuch intended fale perfonally, or by leaving fuch notice at the place of fuch importer’s lad abode, the produ& thereof, after fuch fale, firft to be applied to the payment of the faid fecurity, ftorage, and all other charges which may have inclined*, and the ovet plus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the importer, or other perfon lawfully authorized to receive the fame.

lefftlim^naib	And ^e it ena&ed, That all coffee in any package,

fhail be feized. containing lefs than one hundred and twelve pounds'weight, fhall be feized and fbifeited, if found on board ariy {hip, veffel, or boat, in any port or harbour of this kingdom; or within four leagues of the ffiore thereof, or fhall be difeo-* vered fo to have been, although bulk fhall not ap^har to have been broken, or any of the faid coffee run, or attempted to have been run out of fuch fhip, veffel, or boat, fave only and except in cafe of unavoidable heceffity and diftrefs, of which neceffity and diftrefs the matter, purfCr, or perfon having ortaking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffel, (hall immediately after the arrival of fuch fhip or vef-fcl in any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the colle&or or other chief officer refident at the neared port where fuch fhip or veffel (hall arrive.

*ac\TJV. And be it wafted, That no perfon (ball fell br re. ormhenrife deal in coffee, except as an importer therewith out Jiocafc. of, and except fuch perfons as fliall have been licenfed to

feU

The thirty fcventb Tear; of George I IT.

*93

fell tea or groceries, without having taken out a licenfe from A. D. the collector of the dillri& in which ftich pcrfon (hall re- 1797. fide, and for which licenfe a fee of two (hillings and no more Chap. 53. fhall be paid, over and above any duty payable thereon \ and if any fuch pcrfon fhall fell by retail, or otherwife deal in coffee, as aforefaid, without having taken put any fuch licenfe, as aforefaid, he or fhe (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds. \	'

V.	And he it enabled, T*hat every* colte&or who lhall gi ant a licenfe to any pcrfon to deal in, or fell coffee by re* liccnlci. tail, or fell tea or groceries, fhall at the time of granting fuch licenfe, give to the perfon obtaining the fame, a certificate thereof, which certificate lhall at every time the perfon or perfons fo licenfed fhall purchafe any coffee frpnt auy importer of coffee, be produced to fuch importer, who fhall endorfe on the back of fuch certificate the number of packages, and the number of pounds in each package, the place where, and the time when, and the name of the fliip jn which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty payable on the import thereof wa9 paid, and the name of the perfon to whom the fame fhall be fold, and the time of fuch fait ; and,fuch importer or his known cletk fhall fign fuck endorfement, and fuch certificate with fuch endowment (hall be produced to the proper officer far grants jiig perpiits, before fuch officer fhall grant a permit for fuch coffee, and fuch officer fhall at. the tune of granting every fuch permit, fpecify in fuqh endorsement the date and number of the permit, and. the place where the fame fhall be granted, and fign his pame thereto ; and on every transfer ^of fuch coffee, the like requifitc9 fhall be performed a9 are dirked Upon the firft fale by the importer; and every fuch dealer in coffee, fhafi on every twenty-fifth day of March*

,pr >vithin ten days after, return to the colledor of the dif-tri<5l in which he fhall refide, fuch certificate, together with all endorfements juade tfiereott, or in default thereof, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds $ and in cafe the paper on which fuch certificate fhall be granted, fhall before Stay twenty-fifth day of Mar^h, be filled up by the endorfe-. inents herein direfted to be made thereon, every ftich collector. ffiall upon fuch dealer, as aforefaid, delivering up to fiina filch certificate fo by him gtanted, with fiich endowments tfierepn, grant unto fuch dealer a new certificate or\

, wfiich fuch accouut of all coffee to be thereafter purehafed • .byfiimj until, the twenty-fifth day of March following, fhall . ,be e^dorfed, as aforefaid ; and every’-fuch collector fhall lip-pn receiving from every fuch dealer any fuch certificate with . the endorfements thereon, enter the fame in a book to bo kep^ by .him for that putpofe, aad fotthwiUrtuafmit every

Digitized by kjOOQle

*94

The thirty-fevcntb Tear of George III.

Coffee ex* eecdin? alb. lh-.ll be forfeited. if conveyed without a permit.

Perfont to whom coffee it permitted fhal give notice to imveyors, 6cc.

Coffee exceeding alb. without permit, &c. fhall be forfeited.

fuch certificate with the endorfements thereon, to the com-miflioners of the revenue ; and every fuch officer who (hall grant any fuch permit, as aforefaid, fhall forthwith tranf-mit to the collettor of the diflritt to which fuch coffee /hall have been permitted, an account of the quantity of coffee,, and the name of the perfon to whom the fame was permitted, who fhall notify the fame to the gauger of the walk in which perfon fhall refide, in order that fur h gauger or other officer of excifc may view and examine fuch ccftce, and charge the perfon to whom fuch coffee fhall have been permitted with the duty due and payable thereon.

VI.	And be it enatted, That all coffee exceeding the weight of two pounds, which (hall be found conveying by land or by water, from any part or place in this kingdom to any other part or place therein, to any petfon whatever, and all lacks or bage, calks or veffels, containing the fame, fhall be foifcitcd and leized by any officer of the revenue, unlcfs a permit then in force, under the hand of a proper officer for the conveyance of fuch coffee, lb all be produced.

VII.	And be it enabled, That the perfon or perfons to whom fuch coffee fhall be configned by virtue of fuch permit, fhall immediately after the arrival of fuch coffee, to the place to which the fame fhall be fent or diretted, give notice in writing to the furveyor of excife, or in his ab fence, to the gauger of the walk in which fuch coffee fhall arrive, of the arrival of the fame, which furveyor or gauger it hereby required to repair to the place where fuch coffee fhall then be, and fhall then and there carefully examine the fame, with fuch permit,' and fhall take fuch permit from the perfon having charge of fuch coffee, and fhall upon oath made by fuch perfon, which oath every fuch furveyor or gauger is hereby authorized to adrninifter, that the coffee mentioned in fuch permit, was to the beft qf his knowledge and belief, the identical coffee then produced to fuch officer, which officer fhall thereupon without fee or rewaid, give the owner or perfon having the charge of fuch coffee, a certificate, containing a true and particular account of fuch coffee, which certificate fhall be deemed to be of equal authenticity and effett with the original permit ; and luch officer fhall charge the perfon,or perfons to whom fuch coffee fhall have been fo. conveyed, with the inland or excifc d;itf payable thereon ; and every month make a return or report in writing to the collettor of the diflritt, of all fuch duty on coffee as (hall have been charged within fuch month.

VIII.	And be it enatted. That all coffee exceeding two pounds, which fhall be found in the poffeffion of any perfon other than an importer of coffee, for which a permit fhall not be produced, or m cafe a permit fhall have been granted

Digitized by

The thirty-feve nth Tear of George III*

*95

If an ii

importer

ed for fuch coffee, and fuch certificate a3 aforefaid granted within twenty-four hours from the expiration of the time limited by fuch permit for the conveyance of fuch coffee, in cafe a Sunday, Chriffmas-day, or Good-Friday, fhall not interfere, or if any of fuch days fhall intervene, then, and in cafe fuch certificate, as aforefaid, granted within forty-eight hours from the expiration of tlie time limited by fuch permit, as aforefaid, fhall .not be produced, all fuch coffee, with the packages in which the fame (hall be found, (hall be forfeited and ftized by any officer of the revenue.

IX.	And be it enabled, That if anv importer of coffee, _	^

(hall fell or deliver any coffee to any perfon whatsoever, delivers ccffe without procuring a permit for fuch coffee, fuch importer without a pt-r-(hall be liable to pay the inland or excife duty for all fuch j^*^*^1* coffee which he or fhe (hall fo fell or deliver without fuch

permit, and fhall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of . one hundred pounds.

X.	And be it enabled, That every retailer, and buyer of Duties to be coffee, (hall within ten days after fuch return (hail be, or dearod ofl'with-ought to have been made, pay and clear off all fuch duties 1,1 todays alter as (hall be due from him, her, or them refpedtively, for and rcturn*»

on account of all fuch coffee as (hall have been fold to him, or permitted to him within the faid month.

XI.	And be it enadled, That if any fuch retailer or buyer 50I. penalty of cwffee, fhall omit or refufe to give fuch notice of the ar- for not giving rival of any coffee to him or her as aforefaid, or (hall omit noticc>

or refufe to deliver up fuch permit as aforefaid, or (hall not . within the time herein appointed for that purpofe, pay off and difeharge all duties fo returned as a charge on him, her, or them, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XII.	And be it cnafled, That no feller of, or dealer in No left to be coffee, fhall receive out of any fuch warehoufes as afore-received out of laid, any lefs quantity of coffee than one hundred pounds warehonfe, Sec. weight at any one time, and no permit (hall be granted for than x^wt* the conveyance from the importer of coffee, to any perfon,

of any quantity of coffee lefs than one hundred pounds weight.

XIII.	And for preventing the clandeffine importation of Coffee n*t coffee into this kingdom, be it enacted. That if any perfon duly entered * (hall import or bring any coffee into this kingdom, and (hall (hallbe lorff.it-not make due entry thereof, and pay the duty thereon, or

bring the fame into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, in manner as herein dire&ed, the fame (hall be, and is hereby taken to he unlawfully imported, and fuch coffee, together with the packages containing the fame, and all horfes and carriages conveying the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the revenue.

’	"	XIV.	And

Digitized by Google^

4f6

A. 6.

Chap,

t -	--J

proof of payment of duty, on owner*.

Dealer* in coffee (hall give accounts to col* le<?.ors of name*, place*, &c. penalty i‘Oi

O&cew may

ente. to take account*; aol. penalty if ofli* ctrs obftru&cd*

tfx iRHyfibM Yehr If \Tt.

^CTV. And'be It brra&eA, That If ^arry dbrtbt ?haH *r2b, t?hcthrr tl)e enttoim hr inland'Auty, payable for any CoriGFte Which (hall be feixttl in purfuance of this aft, hath been "duly paid, err that fahlc, or Shy pkrt thereof, hath been ^condemned as forfeited, add fold fet a cuftomibotife’faJe, the proof thereof th'aU Me bn the owrter tor ctaimer thereof, or the prerfon or pSrfbrts on whom the fanfe 'fhail toe found, tmd not ton the toffictr.

XV.	And the better to'enable the officer* the Terence to keep a regtihir flock account on all the importers of, Md XJthcr dealers m 'coffee ; be k enaftdd, That every importer, retailer-of or dealer m coffee, who lffiall:h*ve, or hold in his, her, or their cuftody, power, or poifcffioa, or in the cuftody of any other perfon, for his oi her ttfo, any qua©-, tity of eoffee,-cither of his or her property, or the-property of any other perfon, ffhali on the twenty-fifth-day of every month, except the months of June aad September, and on every twenty-fourth -day of June, add twenty-ninth day of -September, or within ten dayraftcr, give and deliver to the Colleftor of the diftrift where fuch perfon or perfons (ball refide, a true account in writing, of his or-her name aad

filace of abode, and of the true quantity of coffee which uch perfon (hall at the time of giving in fuch account, have in his or her cuftody, pbwer orpofftfiion, or in the poffeffion of any other perfon for his or he/ ufe, which account Audi alfo fet forth the number of packages, and diftinguifh the ^quantity contained in each of them, and the particular * ware-honfea, ftorc-houfes, cellars, or other places where the fame (hall then be, which account fhail be figned by fuch '‘importer, retailer of, or dealer in coffee, as aforefaid, or one of his or her known clerks, with his or her name and place of abode, in which account (hall be contained all fucli uock as he or (he had on the faid respective days; and in " cafe any fuch importer, retaffer of, or dealer in coffee, (hall ^iieglcft to give in fuch account, at the refpeftive times, and in fuch manner as is herein directed, fuch perfon (hall for ' £very fuch offence forfeit the fbm of twenty pounds; and "in cafe the account given in, * (hall appehr falfc or fraudulent, all fuch coffee, of which no account (hallbe given, and the packages containing the fame,' (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the revenue, and the perfon or perfons fo offending, (ball forfeit treble the value thereof; and every collector who (hall receive any account, fhail forthwith tranlmit a copy of the feme tb the chief com-miffioner8 of his Majcfty's revenue.

XVI.	And be it enafted, That any Officer or bfficersfof excife, may in the day-time, between the hours of eight in the morning and four in the afternoon* enter into the houfc,

ftorcsj

The Mrhrfratntb Tear *f Georg? IIL

(lores, and other places belonging to, orufed by any ptvfM dealing in coffee, and (hall be permuted to weigh, examine, and take.an account of all coffee therein.; and if any perfon having erfee in hisorjhcr poffijflion, or the wife, fon, SF slaughter of fuch perfon, or any perfon employed as ck*A <or fcryant for him. or-her, (hall obilrudt, or not permit any *fuch (Officer to enter his or her houfe, or other place afpre-faid, or (hall not (hew fuch officer all his or her .flock, .or (hall obftruft, or oat -permit fuch officer to weigh, examine, and take an account of all coffee in his or her ppffrffian, .Qr •fhallnot on demand of any fuch officer, furuifh juft jmd truefcalcs and weights for weighing fudi coffee, or. (hail not attend with a Sufficient number of his or her fenrants, to bring fuch coffee to the feales, and afliil in the weighing thereof, every fuch perfon .who, < or whofe wife, fon, or daughter, clerk or fcrvant, (hall obftrud or not permit any fuch officer, or (hall not fhew fuch flock of coffee, or not furriifly jufl feales and weights as aforefaid, or not affifl in weighing the fame, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XVlI.	And to prevent frauds by importers of. coffee, committed by their difpofing of the fame without permit; be it enabled,'That the officers of excife (hall keep a book, to contain an account of the (lock of evtry importer of coffee, and fhall from time to time enter therein an account of all coffee which fhalf be in the poffeffion of any importer of coffee, on which the duty payable to his Majeffy on importation fhall have been poid* and -of all coffee which (ball nave been difpofed by fuch importer, for-the removing .of which a permit or permits‘{hall have been granted, which book fhall be evidence of * the flock of fuch importer, and in every cafe where the flock of fuch importer of coffee (hall be lcfs than the quantity of coffee, which by fuch flock account of fuch importer, he, (he, or they ought to haye in . his, her, or their poffeffion, the proper officer of excife fhall charge fuch importer with the ampunt of the i?Japd duty of excife on the quantity fo.decreafed, and fhall moke monthly returns of all quantities of coffee, the inland,.pr cxcife duty on which (hall have been fa charged, in thi\ Gope manner as any charge of inland or excife duty on coffce. is made and returned ; and every fuch return fhall be a chaise on the peribn charged with fuch duty, and (hall be paid and Recovered in the fame time and manuer as any.charge of excife duty on coffee made in any return is to be phid and recovered, and fuch importer fhall be fubje& to the Jike penalty for not paying the fame at the timq.apppinted foe the payment thereof, and every fuch importer for every time fuch rlecreafe (ball appear, (hall forfeit the funvof five (hfflmgs for *	every

*97

A. D.

‘•797-Chap. $2.

Officer* to kirep accounts of {t ek with importers.

Digitized by

7t)%'	The	thirty-/eventh Tear cf George III.

{very pound weight which (hall be deficient of the quantity which by fuch ftock account fuch importer of coffee ought to have in his, her, or their poffeffion ; and if any greater quantity of coffee (hall be found in poffeffion of any fhch importer than the quantity which by fuch flock account, he, (he, or they ought to have in his, her, or their pcffefficn, all fuch quantity increafed (hall be forfeited, and may be fuzed by any officer of his Majelby’s revenue, and the petfon in whole poffeffion the fame fludTbc found, fliailforfeit the fmn of twenty pounds

XVIII.	And be it enafted, That every importer of, and dealer in coffee, fiiall on demand of any officer of ex-cife, make a true declaration in writing, of the quantity of coffee in his or her poffeffion ; and if any importer of, or dealer in coffee, who, or whole wife, fun, daughter, or fervant, or other perfon ufually attending, not upon fnch demand make fuch d^cUration o[ the quantity of coffee in his or her poffefiion to any officer of ex-cife, every fuch paiJbn {hall foifeit the fum of twenty pounds, and fuch declaration {hall be evidence that f-ich. importer hath the full quantity of coffee fo declared in his or her poffclfion, at the time of making fuch deck-ration.	*

Coffee not XIX. And be it enadted, That no perfon fhdl be grant-permitted but to cd for conveying coffee, from any importer of coffee, to per fans licenfcd. any pcrfon not licetifed to fell groceries, or to deal in coffee, or whofc certificate of fuch licenfe fiiall not be produced to the officer authorized to grant permits, unhffs a receipt of the collector for the duty of excifc on fuch quantity of coffee, for which a permit fhall be required, be produced to the officer to whom application (hall be made for fuch permit.

r Penalties, Sec. XX. And be it enabled. That all penalties and for-nccvcrcd by 14. feitures aforefaid, (hall be fued for, levied, and recovered 1,5 ’ **	by fuch ways, means, rules, and directions, and with fuch

powers as are appointed, directed, and expreffed in and by an adt made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, /In aft for the fettling of the excife or new impoft upon his Mj-jedy, his heirs and juccejfors, according to the book of rates therein infertedy or by any other law now of force, relative to the revenue of excife in ihis kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, fpe-cified, and enadted in this ad, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the fuid act of excite,

, or any other law or laws now of force relative to the duties of excife, is provided.

XXL And

Declaration

of quantity to I e made on demand of officer, penalty 20I.

Digitized by „.Pgle

J

The thirty fevcnth Tear of George III.

*99

" XXI. And be it enacted, That this a& (hall continue and be in force for two years from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

A. D.

Id force * rears from 24th

une, 1797.

CHAP. LIU.

An Aft to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain To 14 June, - Article* therein mentioned*	See.	38	G.	3.

67.

FOR regulating the export, import, and fale of the fe-veral ai tides lierein after mentioned, and prevention of f; aud therein ; be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent IVlajelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords' fpirltual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Drawbacks the following drawbacks refpettively, in lieu of all other to be paid on drawbacks and allowances, (hall be paid on fpirits diftilled i*,fo7pirits °a§ within this kingdom, which (hall be exported as merchan- htrein. dire ro any place other than Great Britain, or the ifland of Ferro or Farro, that is to fay ; on all fuch (pirits as (hall be of a (trench equal to five degrees, or ten per centumy under hydrometer proof, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence, and three-eighths of one penny for every gallon thereof; and if fuch fpirits (hall be of greater ilrength than five degrees under hydrometer proof, a further fum of two pence and one-eighth of one penny for every gallon thereof, for every four degrees which the fame (hall exceed the ftrength aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number of degrees ; provided always, that the drawback on any one gallon of fuch fpirits (hall not in the whole exceed two (hillings and four pence halfpenny ; and no drawback (hall be allowed or repaid on any fuch fpirits which (hall be in (trength below’ five degrees, or ten per centum under hydrometer proof.

II.	And be it enabled, That no payment of duty, draw- No allowance hack or allowance (hall be made or paid for any quantity of f°r kf®than. fpirits dillilled in this kingdom, which (hall be exported in	**

any cafk or veflel containing lefs than one hundred gallons, c or which (hall be (hipped on board any (hip or vefftl of lefs burthen than (eveutv tons, or that (hall be (hipped to be con-fumed on (hip-board, or for a: y other purpofe than asmer. chandrte.

III.	And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

joo	The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

III.	And be it enabled, That all fpirits diftilled in this kingdom, for which a drawback on export thereof fhall be claimed, (hull be exported from a port allowed by Iaw% and at the common quays, for exportation, and within the ufual hour* in the prefence «of foane fwom officer of the excifc, upon due notice thereof, given at the office of e xcife of the diftrift In the port from which fuch fpirits fhall be (hipped ; and fuch officer or officers (hall certify the quantity and quality of fuch fpirits or ftrong Waters fo (kipped, to the cora-miffioners or collectors of their refpecrive diltriCts, who are hereby required to pay the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, thf drawback payable within one month after fuch exportation.

IV.	Provided always. That before any permit fhall be granted by any officer for fhipping any fpiritsjfor which fuch

tiller exporting .dra wback of : the- excif* is to be paid, as aforefaid, the^per-before a 'foir applying for fuch permit, if he or (he be the diftiUer permu is grant- .thereof* ffojj make an oath of the following import before fuch officer, who is hereby empowered and required to admin iftcr the fame, that is to fay ; that the full duty payable has been, paid for all the fpirits fo intended to bejhipped, and in cafe fuch fpirits have been reduced in ilrength ufter the \	fame fhatt hate been di lilkd, that nothing has been or fhall

be added thereto but water for the purpgie of reducing the Tame to the ftrength preferibed by law ; and every perfon fuch oafcli, fhall produce the. gauger’s permit for the fnd fpirits, wliich permit fuch officer lhaTl keep ; and if fuch fpirits fhall be exported by any other perfon than.the diflillcr ^thereof* fuch perfon (hall produce to fuch officer the permit or permits, certificate or certificates, under whichbe or fhe ‘received the feme, and fhall in like maimer tnake an oath of the import following, to wit; that the fpirits fo intended to be (hipped are the identical fpirits received by him or her, bv' -virtue of the permit or permits, certificate or certificates fo produced} aad that neither he, (he, or any perfon for him or her did, to his er her knowledge, receive by virtue or under colour of the fame, a greater quantity of fpirits than is therein exprelTed ; and that neither lie or fhe, npr any other perfon to luVoc bei knowledge did or fhall add any liquor ^ thereto but water to reduce the fame to the flreng&hpre--	foi ibed by law 9 and every fuch ofiiccr (hall then grant a per-

’ mit annexed to, *nr at the foot of the (aid affida' it tef (hipping the quantify required, and (hall keep the permit or certificate fo<prodaocd to, ami depofited.wjih him.

Quantity and V. Provided abb. That before any drawback fill!! tz paid quality to be	for filch fpirits fhipped for exportation, as afo*c£a£d, the quah-

ccrtt^ hy oflS- ^\vy, aiid -quality^ Or cTCgtee of (brngth tliereof, and the con-Md cuijL. P tents	cal^	certified	by	the furveyor and other

h *	Oifictr

Times and places for exporting fpirits tor drawback, t therein.

Oath to be taken by dif-

*	The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

officer .who /hipped and gauged the fame, and that the person exporting the fame, /hall make 03th before the cyf-tomer, colle&or, or principal officer of the port from whence the fame /hall be exported, who is and are empowered and required to adminiftcr the fame, of the quantity of fpirits (o (hipped, and-the (hip and mailer’s name, and to what place bound, and that to jiis or her knowledge or .belief, faid fpirits or any part thereof, have not beert, ner arc intended to be uo/hipped or landed in any other than the place ip the. faid oath mentioned ; and the mafter of the /hip when clearing out, (hall like wife make oath before fuch officer; who is m like manner empowered and required to adjnini/}er the fame, that he has laid fpirits on board his /hip, and that they arc not intended to be relanded to his knowledge gr •belief, and that he will not tfuffcr the fame, or any part thereof, to be relanded in Ireland, ,or landed in Great Britain, or the ifland of Farro of Ferro, except in cafe of inevitable diftrefs. 1 * .	(

VI.	Provided alfo, That fuch perfon before he or /he /hall be entitled to receive any allowauce or drawback by, virtue	fum£

hereof, (haH enter into a bond to his Majeily, his heirs and notto relaud, fuccefTors, in double the fum which he or /he /hall claim for 6c s. fuch drawback, conditioned that fuch fpirits or ftrong waters /hall be exported to parts beyond the feas, and /hall qpt be refunded in this kingdom, or landed in Great Britain, or -the ifland of Farro or Ferro ; and upon ceiyi/icate r^tqmcd •under the hand and feal of die chief magi/lrate of, any port

•	xsr place beyond the fees* or under the hand and feal of two •known merchants of the place where fuch fpirits or ftto^g waters fhak have been lauded, and that the fame were the e -landed, oC upon proof made to the fatisfadlicin of. the.cgpi-

’ wiiffioners of excue, or of the colle&or or other .chief, offi-

*	4cer of the port, that fuch fpirits or ftrong waters were taken

by enemies,j or • ©eriflied in the feas, ,the feid bpgd ffiaM be r delivered up to inch exporter to be cancelled without any fee for the dame..	t . .. . , ,f

» ' VII.--And-be it •enabled, That if any, fitch, fpiiits^or If fuch fpirits ^ ftrong waters fo /hipped $bc exportation,, ihall be.afterwards he rclanded, 6rc. relanded or unihipped in any part of Ireland* pr /hall be gut	t^c^^er

on boferd'any boat* or other vcflel in anyjcrc^ek, haven, or ftaUfOTfeittre* port thereof, or atfea, in ofdertpbe relanded, .without the tile Value each, liceafe of one prmore of the principal officers of fuch port or place firll had,r or unlef? it bejn cafe iof diftref^.to favethe lame .firom perifhing, which diltrdfs /hall be made known •forthwith to one of the-officers of the pojt where f\ich ffiip (had arrive, or if' any fuch fpirits or ftrong jyaterp /halltbe boded in Great Britain, or the ifland of Farro or Ferro, except in cafe of di/lrefs, as aforefaid, the mafter, purfer, or

Exporters to

Digitized by LjOOQie

No allowance on foreign Spirits for heat or wet dip.

No duty oh exportation of

bread or bifemt.

Pot-afhe«s or pewl-afhes exported, ash« rein, fhall be forfeited, and all fhipa, 5cc.

A bond for aool. with fure-tie*, (Kali be cn-tered into, a» herein.

Linens made

in Germany, or Silefia, and bleached in Holland, (hall pay duty as Holland

The thirty/even th Tear of George lit.

ether perfon having the charge of fuch fhip, out of which fuch fpiirts fhall be fo unfhipped, landed or re-landed, and alfo the exporter of fuch fpirits, (hall each of them forfeit treble the value of fuch fpirits.

VIII. And be it cna&id. That no allowance or abatement fhall be made upon any brandy, rum, geneva, or other foreign fpirits imported into this kingdom, on account of any decreafe, or fuppefed decreafe of ftrength or quantity, by reafon of the heat of weather, or on account of the fpac« occupied by the tncafuring rule* or of what is commonly called the wet dip.

IX And be it enabled, That there fliall not any duty whatfoever be paid to his Majetly, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, for or on account of any bread or bifeuit of the manufacture of this kingdom, exported out of the fame.

X. And be it ena&ed, That during the continuance of the prefent war, no pot-afhes, or pearl-afhes whatfoever, fhall be exported from this kingdom in any fhip or vtfkl whatfoever, to any place except Great Britain, and if afcv fuch afhes fhall be laden on board any fhip or vefTd, bound to any place except Great Bntain, or fhall be exported to any place except Great Britain, the fhip or vefTel, in which fuch afhes fhall be fo laden or exported, together with fuch afhes, fhall be forfeited, with nil her guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel.

Xf. And be-k enn&cd, That before fuch afhes fhall be laden on board any fhip or vefTel in this kingdom, the perfon exporting the fame, fhall enter into bond with two Ancient fureties, in the fum of two hundred pounds, conditioned that fuch afhes fhall be landed in Great Bntain, and no where clfe, and upon certificate being returned within three months from the day of the date of fuch bond, under the hand and fcal of the chief officer of the port in Great Britain, where fuch afhes fhall have been landed, that the laid afhes were there landed, or upon proof made within fuch time, to the fatisfa&ion of any one of the Com-miffioners of his Majefty’s cuftomsor eAcife, that fuch afhes were taken by enemies, or perifhed in tne feas, the fdid bond fhall be delivered up to fuch exporter, without any fee for the fame.

XII. And whereas a doubt hath arifeu, whether linen i\jade in Germany, or Silefia, and after bleached in Holland, and from thence imported iuto this kingdom, 19 or ought to be rated, and pay duty as Holland linen : be it enafted, That all linens made in Germany or Silefia, and after bles^bed in Holland, and imported from thence into this kingdom, fhall be rated as Holland linens, and pay the

duties

2

The thirty feventh T{ar of George III.

3 H

<3uties appointed by law to be paid on the importation of A. D. Holland linen.	1797.

XIII.	And be it enabled, That all Germany, or Silefia Chap. 33.

linen, not above three quarters and half broad, commonly --------------------

called long lawns, or narrow Germany, {hall be accounted Dutyon long lawns, and pay the duties appointed by law for fuch com- bwn* or narrow modities, in like proportion as the fame pays when cut into crmany‘ quarter pieces.

XIV.	And whereas perfons frequently impoit loaves of fiigar broken into fcveral pieces, as if fuch pieces were only of a quality fit to be ground and powdered, and afterwards fell the fame as refined loaf fugnr, to the injury of the trade

and revenue of this kingdom : be it ena&ed, That all re- All re*inrd fined fugars imported into this kingdom, (hall be confidered	miportc*

as fugars imported in loaves, and be fubjecd and liable to	'

«iuty as fuch, unlefs the fame lhall have been ground orpow- ground or dered, previous to their importation into this kingdom.	powdertd.

XV.	And be it enabled, That iron immerfed in copper mine, or water impregnated with copper, fliall be deemed

and taken as copper ore, and pay duty as fuch.	org,

XVI.	And be it enadkd, That where any perfon fliall V Duty on import crude brirnllone, or fait pet re, and {hall make ufe of cru«l«>t»;r.u-the fame, in extracting therefrom oil of vitriol or aquafor- |)orc*ivc tis, fuch perfon fhall be entitled to receive, and the col- cre‘D* lector of the port or diftrivit, within which crude brim-

ftone and falt-pctre fhall have been imported, fhall repay to luch perfon, all fuch duties as have been paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear to the f3tisfaCiioirof ttie "conimillioners of the revenue by affidavit, or if a known quaker by affirmation, that fuch crude brini-ftone and fait petre had been ufed fa making vitriol or aquafortis.

XVI I. And be it enabled, That no raw filk (ball be Raw filk from exempted from duty, on account of its being the growth America, not or culture of America, unlefs the mailer, commander, or exempted :ro»» other perfon taking charge of any fliip or veflel importing raw filk, do deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the port of importation, at or before the entry of fcch filk, fuch certificate as any mailer, commander, or any other . perfon would, or ought to have received at the port, where any fuch raw liik was put on board, in order to entitle him to land the fame duty free in this kingdom, and do alfo make oath, or if a known qu'aker a folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the faid colleClor, or other chief officer, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter, that the bales, parcels, and goods contained in fuch certificates are the fame which were taken on board in the faid countries refpcdiyely, and on failure of performing any of

Digitized by 3QQle

J°4

^Chap^j^

Perfont who make lallc entries, ice. forfeit 5oL

Prtodftolfe on owners.

lfl-difpofed crlons'who fabricate floe-leaves, See.

(hall forfeit lok

\

Tie tUrfy froenth Tear of George III.

the faid requifites, all fueh raw filk fhall be liable to.the payment of the duty payable on filk, not being of the' growth or product^of the Brtufb colonies and plantations in America.

XVIII.	And be it erased* That if any perfon {hall make, or caufe to be made, any entry or entries of any raw filk under the name or defcription of raw filk, of the growth, or culture of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, not being of fuch growth or culture, or fhall mix, or ctuife to be mixed, any fuch raw filk, with raw filk of the growth or cukufe of the faid colonies or plantations, in order to Wade the dirties payable on raw filk of the growth or rulturc of countriea, other than the a fore faid colonies or plantations, every perfon So making, or caufing to he made, fuch entry or entries, or mixing, or caufing fuch mixture or mixtures to be made, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, for every fuch offence, and alfo all fuch raw filk ; aid in cafe of any mixture, the quantity io mixed, together with the value thereof as alfo the packages containing the fame, 'fhall be forfeited.

XIX.	Provided always, That if any doubt (hall arife, whether fuch row filk, ot any part thereof, be of the growth or ouhure of the faid colonies or plantations in America, the proof fhall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not ot 'the in former or profecutor.

XX.	And whereas feveral ill-difpofed pevjbns do fro* quentiy dye; febrieate or raamtfk&ure very great quantftits of floe leaves, liquorice leaves, wad the leaves of tea that have been before ufed, or the leaves of other ttrees, fhrubs, or plants, in imitation of tea, .and do likewife mk, colour, (lain, and die fueh leaves, and likewise tea, with Sens japonic a, fugar, molafles, clay,. logwood, and with other.ingredients, and do fell and .vend the fame, a« true and real Yob, to the prejudice of the health.of.his Maje&y’s fubje&s, the diminution of the revenue, and to the tum of the fair trader: be it-enabled. That-if any perfian or perfon* flwll dye, fabricate, or manufa&ure any floe loaves,.liquorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been <ofed, ©r the leaves of any other tree, ffirub, or piant in imitation of lea, or fhall itiix, colour, i flam or dye fuch leaves .or tea, with '-terra japoniea, fugar, vnokflee, clay, .logwood, .or wit h, aay other ingredients or-materials «whatioever, nr fhall fell .and 'vend, or titter, offer, ©r expo fe to. fide, or ihalliiave in hts, -her, or their caftbdy or pofiHfion, any fuch dyed, Jahn-cfeud, or ettanafaclureiLleaves,. in imitation of tea, or .say •fuch coloured, flained, or4yod leaves, or tea .mixod with '*ny4>f<*he ingredients ;boforcmiemioaed, xsrxwkh.any other ingredient whatfbever, .-fuch-peifon or vperfeus fhafiJrcfpcc-

tively

Digitized |?y

Google

*t&e tiir/y-feventb Tear of George lit.	305

ttvely For every pound pf fuch Teaves !fo dyed, fabricated, or A. IX irvatiufadlured in Imitation oftca> and for every pound of I797* fuch mixed, coloured, flamed, or dyed leaves, or tea, for-	53*

Felt and pay the futn of ten pounds-, together with all fuch	^

leaves or tea, which leaves or tea any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue is, and are hereby required and empowered to feize.	.

XXL And Be it ehaftedj That all penalties and forfeit- , Penalties, Ac. tires aforefaid, fliall be Fued for, levied, and recovered by tecovsrui* fuch ways, means, rides, and directions, and with fuch powers as are appointed, directed, and expreffed, in and by an aft made in thk kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majetly Charles the fecond, entitled, An for tin fettling of tke cxcifcj or new impojl upon his Maje/ly, his heirs and fuccfjors, according to the hook of rates therein in-fertedy or by any other law now of force, relative to the revenue of cxcife ift thii kingdont, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and efTe&ually, as if the Tame were particularly mentioned, fpeeified, and enacted in this aft, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the faid aft of excife, or any other law or laws now of force, relative to the duty of cxcife, is provided.

XXII.	And be it eriafted, That this aft fliall continue and be in force for two years, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoofand feveri hundred and ninety-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiou of parliament, and no longer.

e it A P. LIV.

\

Ah AH tb enable the Proprietors of Debenture tf[uc& hy Go*

Vemtnent, to convert them into Stock) transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

WHEREAS it may be advantageous and fatisfaflory H >lder*of

to pertbils holding debentures, bearing intereft af- debenture*to » tet the rate of three pounds ten (hillings, four pouttds, and five	^

pounds per centum per annum, refpettively, if the principal firms therein \vtre turned into Hock, to be called govern-tnent-ftock, fuch flock to be entered in books, to be kept in tile bank of Ireland, and in duplicates of fuch books to be kept in fom$ other place, to be by the governor and Company of the bank of Ireland for that purpofc appointed, fcnd if the dividends or interefl payable thereon, were paid fct the faid bank half-yearly Bt it e&afted by the K.ing’9 • Vat. XI.	U



*D Lzect by

GoogI

30 6 A. D.

*797-

Chap.

Infrftft to be

paid on every i*5 Mar. and I9 Sept.

As herein.

tlirty-feventb Tear of George III.

ciofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and‘commons in this prefen t pul lament afTcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and their facceffors, to authorize and dire& from time to time fuch officers or per-fons employed by them as they fliall think proper, to keep lK>ok$, wherein all affignments or transfers of the principal lump contained irf any fuch debentures, (hall be entered and teglflercd in fuch manner as the faid governor and company fliall diredl; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons holding any of fuch debentures, to produce tQ the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, any of the faid debentures, and to require tbit an entry or regiftry (hall be made in his, or her, or their name or names in fuch books, of the principal fum contained in every fuch debenture, and of his, her, or their being the proprietor or proprietors thereof, and thereupon, and upon delivering to the faid governor and company, every fuch debenture to be cancelled, fuch entry or regiftry (hall be made in fuch manner as the faid governor and company fhall dire&.

If. And be it enabled, That the filtered or dividends arifinjr on all fuch capital (lock, as lhali be fo entered, /hail J>t paid at the bank of Ireland, by two half yearly pay ments iu every year, that is to fay, on every twenty-fifth day of March, and twenty-ninth day of September, to the perfon or perfons appearing, from fuch entries, to be entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, or-lawful attorney or attornies.

III.	And be it enadfccd, That in every cafe where no demand of interefl or dividend, on account of any fuch capital f ock, fhall be made at the faid bank, within four years from the. time the ft ft payment (hail become due, all money w hich fhall accrue thereon, (ha1! make part of the bnlar.ee of cafli in the receipt of his Majefty V exchequer, and (ball be iftuahle by the commiflione>*9 of the treafury, as other parts of fuch balance ; provided neveithclefs, that fuch intcrrft or dividend fliall be paid at the faid bank, when the fame fliall be demanded, and tbe fame fliall be icpLiccd at the {aid b< n k,

XtafHca?rsof IV. Provided always, That nothirg herein contained, L oolr* to he	fuhjcft'the	governor	ai d company of the laid bank, to

rmmiMco >iv<? PaJ an)’ £rei'ttT ^ m ,n difeharge of fuch intcrelt or difi-cvciy*odly*. dends, tti.ni fliall have been provided by depofites made wkh their, b) the teller of his MajcflyS exchequer.

V. And

Digitized by.

The thirty feventb Tear of George III.

3°7

V.	And be it cna&ed, That the faid govetnor and com- A:	D.

pany fhall caufe to be made out duplicates of the fhid books, 1797-and at leaft once.in every ten days caufe to be copied therein Chap. 54; ; all entries, which (hall have been made in the original books,

to be kept in tlie faid bank, and fuch duplicate books (hall be kept at fuch place, as the governor and company of the faid bank, or their fucceffors, (hall appoint, not being at the faid bank, or contiguous thereto; and in cafe of the loft or dcllrudlion of any of the original books to be kept •at the fail bank, tbe faid duplicates thereof fhall be evidence to all intents find purpoics in all cafes, as the original books would have been.

VI.	And be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful Alignment for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, to *u- took* ^h?Tbe thorize and dire£l fuch perfons as aforefaid, to keep bocks, m dirc^cd wherein all .alignments or transfers of the faid principal futns bv gov and or (lock, (hall be entered or regillend in fuch manneTas the com-

faid company fhall direct, and every fuch entry fhall be fign-ed by tbeperfon or perfons making fuch affigpment or transfer, or if fuch perfon or perfons be abfent by his, her, or their refpeftivo attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized in writing, under his, her, or their hand and fcal, or hands and fe ds, to be atteiled by two or more credible witnefils, and that the feveral perfou or perfons to whom fuch transfer fhall be made, fhall rtfpe&iveJv underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof by hinvfelf, herfclf, or tliem-felvcs, or by his, her, or their refpc&ive attorney or attornies lawfully authorized in manner aforefaid, and that no other Qicthod of afiigning and transferring the faid principal fums, or capital Hock, or any part thereof, or any interelt therein, fhall be good or available in law.

yil Provided always, That no fUmp dutieswhatfoever, Noftampson fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers, nor on any transfer* or receipt for any payment in refpeei of the faid principal Iccclf'tl* fums or ltock, or the intcreft thereof, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And he it enacted, That the entries of fuch prin- Su h cn’rlcs cipal fuin or ilock in tlie faid books Tefpe<ftiv<ly, aud .of f|u,lbe evi-every alignment or transfer wheh fhall be made thereof, aitc g

fhall be evidence of the right and title .thereto, of the perfon or peifons, who by ftich entry fhall appear to be entitled thereto.

IX.	And be it enabled, Th.it the governor and company DeS n nrcsto of the bank of Ireland, lhall within feven days after any be uanfmitted debenture fhall have been depofited in the bank, in order to ^heitia.

be cancelled as aforefaid, tranfmit tlie frmc to the lord high treafurer, or the lords commiflioners of the treafury, to be by him or them cancelled.

V 2

X. And

3*9	Tie	thirty-/event h Tear of George III.

A. IX

*797-Chap. 54.

lotcreft on debentures to be paid at trea-fury.

Paribus concerned iq fore-' imjjor altering debentures, or uttering fuch, (bail fuller death.

Perfons who fdrge, or afiift in forging a power to ti ani-f er ftock, *cc. fball fuflfer death.

X.	And be it enafted, That on all fuch debenture* U (hall not be fo depoiited, and changed into dock, to be entered in books, to be kept by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as aforefaid, the intereft thereof (hall be paid at the receipt of hi* Majefty’s exchequer, in man-net heretofore.

XI.	And be it enafted, That if any perlon (hall forge <>r counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully aft or affift in the forging or counterfeiting of any fuch debenture or debentures, or (hall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifh as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture or debentures, with inteution to defraud the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perion or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, orcaufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or aflllling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, Uttering, 07 publifhing as aforefaid, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhallfuffer death a* a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

XII.	And be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfboi (ball forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or coua~ terfeited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or aflill in the forging or counterfeiting of any letter of attorney, or other authority of inftrument, to transfer, aflign, fell or convey any part or (hare of, or in any principal fum or (lock already created, or to be hereafter created, and made transferable at the bank of Ireland, or to receive any intenell, or dividend of dividends payable at the bank of Ireland, or any part thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or alTtlt in the forging or counterfeiting of the name or tiames of any proprietor or proprietors of any fuch part or (hare of, or in fuch.principal fums or ftock, or interdl, dividend or dividends, as aforefaid, in or to any fuch pretended letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or (hall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any fuch fort or (hare of, or in fuch principal fum* or (lock, intcreft, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof transferred, afligned, fold, or conveyed, or fuch annuity or annuities* intereft, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any fuch counterfeited or forged letter of attorney, authority, or inftrument, or (hall falfely and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprie* tor* of the faid (hares of, or in the faid principal funis, or ftock, interdl, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thexeby transferring, or endeavouring

to



Digitized by

/Google. .

The tkirty-frventh Tear of George 111.

to transfer, any part or (hare of, or in the faid principal Turns, or (lock, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive the money of fuch tnje and lawful proprietor or proprietors, as if fuch offender or offenders were the true and* lawful qwner or owners thereof, then and in every or any fuch cafe, fuch offender or offenders (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and /hall fuffer death as afelon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

XIII.	And be it eqafted, That from and after the piling of this aft, if any perfon or perfous (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter any dividend warrant, or warrants for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money payable in purfu-ance of thin aft, at the bank of Ireland, or any endorfemeiit thereon, or (hall offer, or difpofe of, or put away ^ny fuch forged, pounterfeited, or altered dividend warrant or warrants, for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money payable as aforefaid, or the endorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any of tlieir officers or fervanti, knowing fuch dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money payable as aforefaid, or the endorfement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the faid governor and compaqy of the bank of Ireland, or their fucceffors, qr any other body politick or corporate, qr any perfon qr perfons whatfoever: every perfon or perfons fo offending, mail be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

XIV.	And be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfops /hall wilfully make or affift in making any transfer of any intereft, part or (hare of, or in any principal fums, or ftock, annuity or annuities, by this aft made or declared transferable at the bank of Ireland, in any of the books of the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in which transfers of principal fumsj ftock, or annuities as aforefaid, are, or in purfuance of this aft ftiallbe made in the name or names o( any perfon or perfons not being the owner or owners, or prpprietor or proprietors of fuch principal fums* or ftock, or annuity or annuities, transferable as aforefaid, yrith intent to defraud the faid governor and company of tlje bank of Ireland, or any other body politick pr corporate, or any perfon or per/o.n$ whatsoever, fuch perfpn or perfons fo making or affrfting in making fuch transfer as aforefaid, fhail be deemed guilty of felony, ^ud /hall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

XV.	And be it enafted, That if, any perfon or perfons ^fratfoeyer, /hall falfely make, forge or counterfeit, or caufe Or procure to be falfdy made, forged or counterfeited, or

Perfpn* wha forge or alter any warren tf lor payment. &c. ihail fuffer 4cith.

Perfons whq make, or affift in rrukin* transfer* in the 'names of others, to defraud, ihall fuffer death.

Perfons whp .make falfe transfers, or are concerned therein, (ball fuffer deau.

Digitized by v^ooQle

hS*>

Thethirty-fivent.b Year *f George III.

Pcrfom who ©like, oraffid in making fai c

triune J. A c (hall fuftr death'.

Ary C'erk, &c. who fhall make out a w arrant as herein, fhall he tranf. ported for 7 yean.

(hall wilfully ad,or affift in the falfely making,' forging dr counterfeiting of any transfer of any intcreft, part or lhare of> or in any principal fums or (lock, or annuity or annuities, hy this ad made declared transferable at the bank of Ireland, or (hall utter or publi.h as true, any fuch falfe, forged or counteifcited transfer as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of inland, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfoo or perfons whatfbever, all and every perfon or perfons what-(oever fo offending, (hall be deemed guihy of felony, and (hall foffcT death as ft felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And be it enatfed, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall wilfully make or afliil in making any falfe entry, or (hall wilfully alter or affifl in altering any word or figure in any entry in the books of account kept, or in pur-fuance of this ad to be kept, by the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, wherein the leveral accounts of the owners or proprietors of principal fums, or flock, or annuities, by thi6 ad made or declared transferable at the bank of Ireland, are or in purfuance of this aft (hall be entered and kept, or (hall in any manner w ilfully falfify the account or accounts of any fuch owner or proprietor, in the books of the faid governor aid .company, wherein fuch accounts are, or in purf.iancc t;f this ail fhall be tittered and kept, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every inch perfon or perlons fo offending, fhall he deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fufitr death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

XVII.	And to prevent dividend warrants being made out for different fums than the linns really due, by which forgeries and frauds in transfers and dividend warrants may be committed, be it enaded, That if any clerk, officer or fer-yant of, or other perfon or perfons employed, or entrulled by the faid governor and company, fhall knowingly or wilfully make out or deliver, or caule or procure to be made out or*delivered, or wilfully ad orafiift in the making out or delivering of any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or intercfl, or money payable in purfti-ance of this ad, at the bunk of Ireland, for a greater or lefs amount than the perfon or perfons on whofe behalf or pretended behalf fuch dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or mtereft, or hroney payable as aforefaid, (hall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the batik of Ireland

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfeventh Tear of George III.

land, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon Of perfons whatfoever, all and every fuch perfon or perfoos fo pffending, being in due form of law convifted of any1 fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, (hall be transported for feven years.

3tl

Am D*

1797-'

CHAP. LVI,

Jin A3 to amend an A3 faded in the thirtieth Tear of His prefent Majefly's Reign, Entitled, An A3 for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the police of faid Town.

port and har no ir of Drogheda:

WHEREAS the quays in the port and harbour of PreamMeto n£ Drogheda, are inefficient for the accommodation for improving of (hips and veflels reforting thither, qmj the duties granted by an aft paffed in the thirtieth year of his prefent Mai fifty, entitled, An a3 for the improvement of toe font Mad harbour of Drogheda, and the better regulation of tlx police of faid town, are inadequate tx? the purpofe of extending the quay walls eaft of faid town : and vhpreru (there is a confiderablc extent of walle ground and ftrand on the call of faid town, and on the north fide of the river JBoync, which has never been applied to the ufe or benefit -of any perfon whatfoever, and which, if walled in, would .fully anfwci the purpofe of affording quays fufficient for the accommodation of (hips and veffels, and for the landing and (hipping of goods and merchandize, and a fuffieieut depth of ground would remain for building houfestnd (lores jn front of the faid river, to the great accommodation of the trade of faid town 5 be it therefore cnafted by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and ^content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons .in this prefent parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That the commiffioners appointed by the faid OmmTiorfr* recited aft, or any feven of them, be empowered to pur- appointed by chafe from fuch perfon or perfons who (hall claim the fame, recited a&f wav -and prove their title therein, all that wafte ftrand and ground ri:rchaf* ft'aui .lying on the North fide of the river Boyne, between the .town of Drogheda and Green Hills, in \}}t county of the faid town, meared on the North by the Strand road leading from Drogheda to the fca, and extending fouth to the low water mark of the river Boyne ; and that all the powers veiled by an aft made in the thirty-firft year of his late Mrjelly Kin; George the fecond, entitled. An o3 for tool asg a wide and convenient way, Jlrett (uidpojfage, /torn

pur

an \ ground a*-herein deferihrd^

Digitized by t^ooQle

3tz

. A.

The thuty-Jevevth Tear of Geptge JII.

D.

*7<77-

C!.ap/55.

Effcx-brlJge to the Cajll? of Dublin, and for other purposes therein' mentioned, or by any other aft or a&s of parliament, explaining, amending, or enlarging the fame, m the committioners therein named, or their lucceflors, (ball be and are hereby vetted in the foregoing coitotmffianers, or any feven or more of them, for the purpofe of pufehafing Or procuring the faid watte (Irand and ground, and of ere&ing tond building additional quays for the accommodation o£ (hips reforting to faid port and harbour, and the trade thereof : and that all and Angular the clnulcs contained in the &id 'a&s, or any of them, which may be neccflary for carrying the"trulls hereby veiled in the faid commiflioners, or any of, them, into execution, (hall be of as full force and effedb touching the faid wfcfte flrand or ground fo t« be proccicd »nd pui chafed by the faid coninuffioners, or any feven or more of them, for i he purpofes aforefaid, and touching the federal owners, proprietor/ and perfons interetted therein* as if the fame were Severally and fpecially cna&cd hereby in rerpe& to the fame.

II.	And be it further enabled, that where the value o£ gr midac- fuch wutttf ground, or any part thereof, fhzdl be fubmitted

refeat	tct a J,Jry> ^ ^mc	valued by fuch jury witlrre-

C‘ fpe& to its prefent (late, Atuation, and value, and toot ac-cording to the additional value it (hall or may acquire by the Vailing in and Ailing up and levelling of the ground, or by ahy future imp?oveir.ent to be made thereon.

III.	Aud be itfurther cna&ed, ^Tiat the faid watte

flrand or ground, when puichafcd as aforefaid, and paid for, (hall be vetted in the faid commiflioners, and their fuccefc fors, for the purpofes aforefaid, a^d for no other purpose whatfoevrr. i	*

IV.	And whereas the faid watte ttrand or ground haV* ing never been applied to the life or bcneAt, Or m the occu-

fball pat ion or poffc(fiv>n of any perfon or peribns, a difficulty u * ft)ay ftrife, ard the faid commiflioners may in* be able tb obtain information, or to know who'are the peifon or per-fjns who may conceive themfelves entitled to dhim an in-tcrcll therein, O'* in any part thereof, or on whom to ferve proper notices of their intention to purchafc the fame for the purpofe afore laid, be it enabled, that it (hall be deemed 1 lufficient notice to all perions interefted therein, that the faid comnrttioncrs ttilill canfe fuch their intention of pur* chafing the fame, to be publifhedfor the fpace of’ twenty-one days in the Dublin Gazette,-and Drogheda Jocmal, aud that they (hall caufe notice then of to be potted alfo on the Vh* lid door of faid town, for the faid fpace 6f time, and that all and every part of fuch watte ftrartd fir ground a$ (hall not be claimed by any petfon or perfoos for the fp .ee of *	’	*	twenty*

Jury toviTne

W’iviu

i«Vi .......

prefuu (UiC.

SV4 trrprnd to be lietl rn £«maiifiidners.

Pubh“*fir>n in

IV-1 n G Z ne f .r 3t A . b: tkemed luf-\ ru nt nnfictf of i rcrt’< n to pjrdiafe

Digitized by

Google

%lc thirty fetffith Tear of George III.	3x3

twenly^>ne.day8 thereafter, fhnll be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the faid commifTiunerc and their fticcedorn, for the purpofes aforefaid, and that the faiil commifTioners fhall have all and eveiy the powers of walling in, filling and levelling, and afterwards difpofing of the fame, for the ufe and pnr-pofc aforefaid, as if the fame had been claimed, by any per-ion or perfom, and purchafed by faid commiflioners, either greement or by the award and valuation of a jury iropan-mlleofor that purpofe, and that the (aid coinmlfllooers fhal!

"be for ever after freed and exonerated from any claim of right, title, or intereil of any perfon or perfons of, in, or to the laid ground, which (hall not be made within the time fiertby limited and appointed

' V. And be it further ena&ed, That as the faid commit Boners fhall proceed in carrying on the work, and in Availing *** .may ^T, ^ in and levelling the ground, they fhall be, and they are here-	Qt|	**

by empowered to fell, or to let in perpetuity, and afterwards ’ to fell and difpofe of fuch part thereof in convenient lots for tmilding houfes or (lores to front to the river Boyne; and that all money ariling from the rents or (ale thereof, fhall be piid by the ptrfon or perfons paying fuch rent6 or purchafe tnoney into the hands of the collcdtor of the port of ( Drogheda, and become a part of the fund for imptoving the port and harbour of faid town, fur the purpofe of enabling the faid commiffioners to extend the quays of faid town, and to add to the accommodation of the (hipping and trade thereof.

/ V I. Provided al vays, That before any part of fagi Ten days no* ground after it he willed in and filled up, final! be let or bee before dif-lold, as aforefaid, the fil’d commiflioners fhall canfe notice P0^1* to be potted of the letting or (ale thereof, as the cafe may on the Tholiel dour of faid town, ten days at the lead before the day of letting fuch lots of ground, or before the laic thereof, and that fuch lots of ground (hall be let or fold by public auction, at the Tholfel of faid town,' and not othervvife.

VII And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That 'Howbuildings

Shoufes, (lores, or other buildings which fhall be circled on (hall be crewed.

e faid intended,quay, ami in front to the river, (hall fbrm i (Iraight line from the preknt cudom-houfe-quay, to the firfj;

Jetty which (lands ead of the town of Drogheda, and on the iiorth fide of the river Bovne, and fhall range exactly with the two dwellirtg-houfes on faid quay which (land eaft of the ' cudom-houfe', and that the intended quay wall if carried on to that extent, fhall be continued in a draight line, parallel to the holifes or other buildings fo to be erecled, and at the Qiftancc of ninety feet from fuch boufes or buildings.

”	•	VIII.	And

A. XL

1797-Chap. 56.

Coromiflion-

Digitized by L^ooQle

1

The thirty-fcventb Tear of George ITT.

VIIL And whereas the duties appointed by the fir ft re-cited act for improving the port and harbour of Drogheda, were gi anted for the term of twelve years from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and will consequently expire on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred and two, if not lenewed by a grant for a further term: and whereas great improvements have been made in the navigation of faid poit and baihour, but the uuexpired term of faid grant, will prove infufiicient for the purpofc of completing the works intended to be caaried on, fo as effedtually to 6x, coniine, and deepen the whole of the channel of the river, between the faid town of Drogheda and the fea, be it therefore enacted, that the faid firlt recited alt, fo far as relates to the levying and colh&ipg the duties of tonnage on {hips thereby granted, fhall be in force for twelve years from the twenty-fifth day of Match, in this prefent year one thoufand feveu hundred and ninety-feven, and no longer.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the cornarufliocm

ers may Jr.iw on appointed by and under the faid fir ft recited alt, for carry-* 'em! U& eTf	^ ^ame i,lio execution, be and they are hereby cm-

prnceso * powered to draw on their treafurer for fuch fum or fums of

money as may be neceffary to defray the expences of this att, and that the faid treafurtr be, and he is hereby empowered to pay the iarae, wlii^h (hall be allowed in his accounts.

X.	Aiid be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaiJ, That this alt (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken as a public

'	all,	and (hiill be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all

judo-es, julcices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpe-* .ciailv pleading the fame.

CHAP. LVfll.

Duties by 30 G. 3. granted for 1 a year* from a} Mar. 179c.

Commiffton-

An Ad for amending and redoing into One Ad of Parba• frrot, the Laws relating to Hackney and other Carriages f flying in the Ciiy of Dublin, its Suburbs and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereef

vcialacts.

Reclfal of fc- \X7"HEREAS an alt of parliament parted in this king-* * doni, in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty King Qcorge the fecond, entitled, An ad for mak~ ing more effectual the fcveral ads faffed for repairing and amending the Jlrccts end high-ways in and about. the city of Dublin ; and whereas an alt of parliament palled in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty King George the third, entitled, An ad for more effedually amending the public roads; and whereas one other alt of parliament palled in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent

9	Majefty,

Digitized by

Google



Sm

The thirty feventh Tear of Gedrge III.

Majefty, entitled, An ad for better regulating the Fotmdling-hojpital and IVork-houfc in the city of Dublin, and encreaf-ing the fund for the fupport thereof \ cdfo for making a pro-vifion for appointing a locum tenens, m the cafe of the death or aljcnce of the lord mayor, or the prfident of the court. of confeience ; and whereas one other a£t of parliament, patted in the thirteenth and fourteenth years , of the reign of hit prefent Majeily, entitled. An ad for granting to his Majejly, hjs heirs and facafors, the yearly futns therein mentioned, and for the better fupport vf the Foundhng-hofpita and IVork-houfi in the city of Dublin, and for encrevjtng the funds thereof; and wliereas another a£l of parliament paired in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majeily, entitled, An ad for paving th/e Jlreets, lanes, Quays, bridges, fquares, courts, and alleys, within the city and county of the city of Dublin, and other purpofes t dative to the fud city of Dublin, and other places therein parlicuhirly mentioned; and whereas one other att palled in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majelly’s reign, entitled. An ad for amending an ad, puffed in the eleventh and t welfth years of his prefent Iflojs reign, entitled, An atl for better regulatin' the Found li rg~h of pit a I and IVork-houfi, in the city of Dull a:, and increcjing the fund for the fupport thereof, cdfo for making a provijTun for appointing a locum tenens, in cafe of the death or abfence of the lord mayor or prfident of the court of cotfehnee ; and whereas one other a£i pafled in the twenty-fifth year .of the reign of his prefent Majeily, entitled. An ad for the completing and e/fi dually lighting and watch* ing of Rutlandfquare, and for the letter fupport and niaiuy tenance of the kfipiud for the relief of poor lying-in women, in the city of Dublin, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; arid whereas one other afl of parliament patted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majeily, entitled. An ad for the Liter fupport and maintenance o f the Foundling* hofpital; and whereas one other a£l of parliament patted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his piefent Majeily, entitled. An a A for explaining and further emending the five* ml ads hirctofire puffed for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient peffages through tie fame, and for other purpofes ; and whereas one other acl of parliament patted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his piefent Majeily, entitled, An ad for the improvement of the city of Dublin, and the environs thereof, by the better paving, lighting end clean fug the fame; and wheieas one other act o| puiharnn t palled in the twentv-feveath year of the reign oi Li ; prefent Mitjeily, tjniitled, An ad for the better rtvvutii.n of hackney carriages, ha-Aney fid am, and porters pi dug for hire in the cry of Dublin, or within fi*ven miles sfreof, and fir irunsfit ring the receipt and management of

certain

315

A. D.

1797-

Chap. jS.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

The thirty-feventb Tear of George III,

cniain duties, from the governor* of tie JFuundfingJtybitalesi V/ork-houfe in the faid city, to the, commiflkmrrs of pohu ,* ?nd whereas alfo one other att of parliament was palfed in the thii ty-htth" year of the reign of his prefer* iVlajcfty, entitled. An a 8 for more effectually preferring the peace withei the city of Dull'/a, and the dijlrid of the metropolis, and fab* lifting a pavozAnJ watch in tlx fit I ci*y: And whereas great contuiion hath arifeu, and may aiife from the multiplicity of the faid atts, and the powers given and granted in and by them, have been found not entirely fufficirct to aniwer the good purpofc* thereby intended ; therefore be it enatted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by apd with the advjpe and con fent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aiTcmbled, and by the authority gf the fame, That from and after the twenty.

{burth diy of June next, fuch parts of the faid herein be-ore rec ited atts of pailianunt as in any wife relate to hackney arid other carriage?, job horfes, and fednn chairs, within the city of public, its luburbs and liber tics, and within (even miles thtreof, (hall, and the fame arq hereby repealed.

II. And be it emitted, That from ar\d after the fafd twenty-ft >uith clay of June, one thoufand^feven hundred 3nd nincty-ieven, the fupcriu;endant magiftrate for the pre-fervvti ju of the peace uitliin the dilhitt of the metropolis,

........ from	time	to	tin	e, fhallhax^ power and authority, and be

04 1>uUu\ ,s hereby empowered and required from time to time, and at all tutus to ileenlt all fuch ptifon or per funs as (hall own, keep, or drive any hackney coach, landau, chariot, poll-chaitc or bnlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or more horns, or other l»ca(ls plying in the ilrcets, and carrying for line ar.y perfon or perfons within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or from or to any pvt thereof, or to or from any pL.j rot exceeding the diilawee of ftv*n mOes from thence, o; plying us a Uage from the faid city or liberties to any place not exceeding the diftance of feven miles from thcncc ; and alfo all fuch perfons as (lull own, keep, drive, or lef out for hive, within the faid city, fubuibs aijd liberties, by the day, week, month, year, or other* ife, any coach, lan-dun, chariot, poll chaife, Lcriin, or other carriage, diawn by two or nitre horfc;, or other beads in the way of job, for th : fide etc of pani ulir perfons refilling or f»joutning within the faid ciiv, fnVmvbt; or hbcitics, or within feven mtic- thereof, and width fnall not ply for pr.bliek cor.veni-/• t.ci* ; and aho ail fuch prrfvn:s' as (hull own, keep, drive or I t out fbr hire within the faid t ity, fubuibs or liberties, r.:.y liorfc or horfes, or other head or beads, to draw any* r> ... Iv, landau, chariot, pod-chin fe, berlin, or other cam* .;;t\ in the way of job, for the foie ufe of particular per-1 Tiding or fojnurning within the faid city, fuburbs

v

Superintendent muj; .ftj ate may I.Cwiilc «nrm t r d»i-vikoi canii- r

*es&c. wicliin 7 f,CJtn ume miles

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fventh Tear of George III.	317

and liberties, or within feven miles thereof; and alfo all A. IX fuch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive or let out for hire, 1797-any hearfe or mourning-coach, plying Within the faid city. Chap. 5$. fuburbs and liberties, or from Or to any part thereof, to or	»	J

from auy place not exceeding the diitance of feven miles from thence ; and alfo all fuch perfons who (hall own, keep, drive, or carry any hackney-chair, or fedan job-chair, or fedan, within the faid city> fuburbs or liberties, or any Ring’s-end car, chair, chaife, chaife-marfne or other carriage drawn by one or more horfes, or other bead Or beads, for the ufe of carrying for hire, or by way of job, any perfoil or perfons within the faid city, fuburbs and liberties, ~ or within feven miles thereof; and alfo all perfons who (hall own, keep, or drive, any cart, car, dray, or other carriage, plying or carrying for hire, any load taken up within the faid city, fuburbs and liberties, or within three miles thereof, or any cart, car, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any brewer, builder, architeft, carpenter, done-cut*

Xer, quarry-man, brick-layer, brick-burner, lime-burner, plaiderer, fcavenger, fa&or, perfon dealing on commiflion whatfoever, and employed within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, by fuch perfons in fuch their refpe&ive trades or occupations, or in the carriage of any matter or thing fold, tifed or employed, or to be fold, ufed or employed, or that is ufually carried, fold, tifed or employed, in fuch refpe&ive trades or occupations \ or any cart, car, dray or other carriage, that lhall bring, carry or remove into the faid city, fuburbs or liberties, or out of the fame, or remove from any part of the laid city, to any place or diftance whatfoever, be it for hire, fale, or otherwife, any bricks, ft ones, fand, gra ve), lime, or other materials, employed or made ufe of in building or paving, or that /hall remove any building rub-bifli, earth, or other fluff, taken out of foundations of houfes, which are or ftiall be building, or intended to be built within (aid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or old materials of houfes that ftiall be, or have been pulled down, or have or ftiall have fallen down within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties 5 and alfo all fuch perfon or perfons who lhall keep or ufe within faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, any private chair, or fedan, for his or her own ufe.

III. Provided always, That the number of all common Coaches hackney-coaches, landaus, chariots, poft-chaifes, or berlins, not to exceed fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, (hall not exceed three hun- 3^therein*0* dred, and that the number of common fedan-chairs to be licenfed, lhall not exceed four hundred ; and for every fuch h'cenfc to be granted as aforefaid,' there ftiall be paid the fol-lowing funis refpc&ively; that is to fay, for each and every

hackney-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fwent h Ttar of George III.

hackney*coach, landau, chariot, pod chnife or berlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or more horfca, or other beads plying ip the dreetR, and carrying for hire, any perfon or perfoos *within the faid city, fuburos and liberties, or from or to any part thereof, to or from any place not exceeding the didance of feven miles fr m thence, t>r plying as a (lage from the faid city or liberties, to any place not exceeding the didance of feven miles from thence ; and alfo for every coach, landau, chariot, pofl *chaifc, berlin, or other carnage, drawn by two or more horfes, or other beads I a the way of job, for the .foie ufe of perfons redding or fojoum-irg within the faid city, fuburb-', or liberties, or within (even miles thereof, and which (hall not ply for pubiick convenience ; and for each and every pair of job-horfes, or orher beads, employed in drawing every fuch hatkney-coach, j >b-coach, lamlari, chariot, poR-chnife, or berlin, or other carriage, in the way pf job, f r the foie ufe of pa'tirylar perfons redding or fojourning within the faid chy, fuburbs, and lib rties, or within feven miles thereof; and for each and every hearfe and mourning-coach .plying within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or from or to anv part thereof, to or from any place not exceeding the dilfanee of feven miles from thence, to the faid fupen ntendant magiiliate for the time being, or to his officer appointed for that purpofe, under liis hand and feal, the fum of five pounds, by way of fine for every fuch licenfe ; and for every licenfe for ev ry hackney-chair, or fedan, job-chair, or fedan, within the f’hl city, fuburbs or liber ties# the fim of ten (hillings, by way of fine for fuch licenfe ; and for every liccnfe fpr every Rings-end car, chair, chaife, chaifc-marine or other carnage* drawn by one or more horfe, or other bead, and plying for, and carrying for hire, or by way of job, any po> fun or perfons within the fin’d city, fuburbs and liberties, or within feven miles thereof, the fum of one pound ten (hillings, bv way of fine for every fuch licenfe ; and for every licenfe for every cart, car, dray, or other carriage, plying or carrying for .hire, any goods, merchandizes, or other load, taken up within the faid city, fuburbs orjibertics, or within three mites thereof, the fum of twenty (hillings, by Way of fine for fuch licenfe ; and for every licenfe for every dray, cart, ca»y or other carriage, f.t up by, or belonging to any brewer, builder, a-ch;ttft, carpenter, done-cutter,

I rick-foyer; lime-burner, plniile’cr, fenvenger, fn&ar, per-f n »d.*nhrtg on commifiion, merchant, trader, manttfattircr ot aftrficer, and employed in fir'd refpeftive trades cr occu- r pationsy or employed in the carriage and delivery of any good* or-.CQtitniodities within the (aid ci:y, fuburbs, and li-

bfi^icp

5	.

-Digitized by Google

The thirly-fcventh Tear of George TIT-

3T9

berries, or within three miles thereof, the fum of twenty- A. D. (lrOlmgs by way of fine, for every, fuch licenfe; and for 1797-every fuch licenfe for every cart, car, dray or	other carri-	Chap. 58.

age, drawn by one or more horfe or other beads, and em-	V—

ployed in drawing into the faid city, fuburhs,	or liberties,

or out of the fame, to any difiance wHatfoever,	any bricks.

Hones, fand, gravel, lime, or other materials ufually employed or made ufc of in building or paying, or in removing from iny part of the faid city to any other part thereof, or out of the city or into the fame, any bricks, (tones* gravel, lime, building-rubbifh, earth or other fluff, taken out of foundations, or old materials of houfes, the fum of twenty (hillings, by way of fine for fuch licenfe ; and for every li-ceufe for every cart, car, dray, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, or other,bea(t, and employed as aforefaid ia drawing for hire, fale, or otherwife, into the faid city, fu-burbs or liberties, or out of the fame, to any diftance what-focver, any bricks, (tones, fand, gravel, lime, or other materials employed or made life of in building or paving, or in removing in any part of the faid city, or into, or out of the, fame, or any part thereof, any bricks, (tones, fand, gravel, lime, building-rubbifh, earth, or other (tuff, taken out of foundations or old materials of houfes, the fum of ten (hillings, by >vay of fine for every fuch licenfe; and for every licenfe for every private fedan-chair, kept or ufed by any perfon for his or her own ufe, the fum of two pounds five Hillings and fix-pence, by way of fine for every fuch licenfe, before any fuch licenfe (hull be granted respectively, and delivered.

IV.	And be it enacted, That the feveral and refpe£tive Said Keerfes licenfe* herein before particularly mentioned, fhall and may grimed f°r a* be granted by the fuperintendant magistrate, after the pay- 7eitr9-

ment of the feveral and refpe&ive fines before directed, for any' term not exceeding twenty one years, and (hall be transferable and devisable by the parties to whom the fame (hail he granted, their executors, adininiitrators, and affigns, ia manner herein after mentioned, and under the rent and covenants to be contained in the deeds or indmments, granting fuch licenfe rcfpe&ively.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That upon Euty t0 every of the faid licetifes for every hackney-coach, landau, paid on cotichtw, chariot, poft-chaifs or bcrlin, or other carriage, job-coach, ^oH-h^rfcs, Jrc. landau, chariot, pofi-chaife, bcrlin -or other carmge, ami therein.

for eveiy licenfe for every pair of job*horfe:*, employed in drawing every fuch carriage, and for each licenfe for eveyy ^ hearfe, or mourning-coach, there mall be referred* and made payable onto the fuperintendant maglfttate, and to his fuc--cenor, the yearly rent or fum of eleven pounds twelve (hillings

feeding 5

Digitized by

Google

|$o	Tie	tllrfy-fcventb Tear of Gecrge iff.

A. D. flerlmg; and for every hackncy-coacfi, or (edan job-chairs 1797. or fedan, the yearly rent or fum of ten (hillings ; and for Chap. 58. every licenfe for every Ring* end car, chair, chaife, or cha&~ n —*■ -> marine, or other carriage drawn by one horfc, or other bfaft^ the yearly rent or fum of one pound two (hillings ; and for every licenfe for every cart, caa, dray, or other carriage, plying or delivering for hire any goods, merchandizes, or other load, taken up within the faid city, fuburbs, or b'berties, or within three miles thereof, the yearly rent or fum of oae pound two (hillings ; and for every licenfe for every dray* cart, car, or other carriage fet up by, or belonging to, and employed by any brewer, the yearly rent of one pound twelve (hillings; and for every licenfe for every cart, car, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any builder* architect, carpenter, (lone-cutter, bricklayer, brick-burner, lime-burner, ptaillerer, fcavenger, fa&or, perfon dealing on comrxliflion, merchant, trader, manufacturer or artificer, the yearly rent or fum of one pound two (hillings; knd for every cart, car, dray or otjier carriage, that flvJl be employed in drawing into the (aid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or out of the fame* any (tones or bricks, or any material ufually made ufe of for building, or paving, or in removing anV brick, (tones, fand, gravel, or lime, from any part of the (aid city to any place or didance whatfoever, building-rubbifii, earth, and other Huff, taken out of foundations, Or old materials of houfes* there (hall be paid, tf drawn by morii than one bead, the yearly rent or fum of one pound two (hillings, and if only by one bead, the yearly rent or fum of feventeen (hillings only ; and for every private fedan-chair, kept by anj perfon* for his or her own ufe, the yearly rent, or fum ot ten (hillings, the faid fevcral rents to be paid quarterly, on the twenty-fifth day of March, twentyJourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, with fuch covenants, conditions, and provifoct in every licenfe to Ije inferted for the more cffe<£tual payment thereof, or better regulation of the perform receiving fuch licenfe, and their affigna refpe&jvely, ks the faid fuper-intendant magiltrate for the time being, in his dikretion (hall think fit.

Ltcenfesnotta VI. And be it enabled, That no perfon, who is, or here-be transferred, after may be poffeffed of any licenfe or licenfes, (hall transfer sxcept as herein, or alfign the lame, except by devife, to any perfon or perfons* without the confent and approbation of the fuperinteodant magidrate firft had and obtained for the putpofc, but that every fuch affignment or transfer, (hall be endovfcd upon the deed, granting fuch b’cenfe, and be figned by the iupem-tendant magidrate fo confenting, and alfo by the perfon accepting of fuch alignment, and if any perfon (hall afiiga v	any

Digitized by

Google

Entries r f

The thirty fevcnth Tear of George III.

gny licenfe contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof* fuch alignment (hall be void, and the Icenfe thereby af-iigncd, (hall be forfeited to the faid fuperinteudant magif-trate.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, That an entry be made of evtfry _.......

grant, a(fignmei»t> transfer, devife of, or change of property transfer to be in every fuch licenfe, in a numerical book or books, to be iw*de a» herein kept by the colle&or of carriage duties, within one month after fuch grant, alignment, transfer, change of property in, or devife, which entry (hall be (igned by, or have tne mark of every fuch grantee, afiignee, devifee or perfon becoming pofftflTed of the fame put thereunto, in the prefence of the laid colledor, who (hall countcriign the fame, and be made in the following words :

A. B* of	m	the	city	of	Dublin,	or

liberty of	or	of	in

the partfh of	and barony of	doth	regif

ter a grant, alignment* or devife* (as the cafe Jhcdl happen to be) of a licenfe to keep	No.	dated the

day of	one	thoufand	hundred and

for the making of which entry, the fum of fix-pence and no more, (hall be paid to the faid colle&or, to which book or books, every perfon concerned (hall have free accefs at all times without fee or reward, and in cafe where any perfon or perfons (hall have obtained pofleffion of any fuchlicenfe, by means of the right to the potfcfllon theieof having de« yolved upon him, 'her, or them by the death of the former tight owner inteftate, then the entry thereof (hall be in the following words:

A. B. of

lertj of and hi

No.

\arony of

in the city of Dublin, or H* or of	in	the	pari/b	of

doth regfkr a licenfe to which came unto	by the	death	of

intefiate* entered this	day	tjf

one thoufand	hundred	and

And in cafe no fuch entry (haD be made within the fpace of one month after the grant, alignment, devife, or change of property, every fuch grantee, afiignee, devifee, or perfon becoming po fie fled of, orufing the fame, (hall upon fuch failure, forfeit the full fum of one year’s rent of fuch licenfe, to be recovered and difpofed of* as herein after mentioned, and in cafe no fuch entry (hall be made within the fpace of three months after fuch grant, devife, or alignment, or change of proptxtfr, then every fuch grant, devife, or af-Vol. x£ ‘	X	*	fignment,

Digitized by v^ooQle

3«

A. D.

./797-Chap. 58.

Penalty adhere-in for keeping hiokney carnages, See. without being Bended.

Breadth of the wheels of drays, enrs, *c. to be as herein directed.

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

01 title to the poffeflion, Hi nl be, and is hereby dvc'.aud to be null and void, and every filch licenfe (hall be forfeited to the faid fuperintendant magillrate : provided always, that no fuch confent or approbation (hall be given,

4 and no fuch entry made, until all arrears due upon fuch licenfe, be fir (I paid off and difeharged.

VIII.	And be it enafted, That from the twenty-fourth diy of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, no perfon (hall own, keep, or drive any hackney-coach, landau, chariot, poft-chaife, berlin, job coach, landau, chariot, poft-chaifc, berlin, or other carriage, drawn by two or more beads, or to own, keep, drive or let out for hire, any horfe or horfes, bead or beads, in the way of job, or to own, keep, drive, or let out for hire, any hearfe or mourning coach, required to be licenfed as aforefaid, without fuch licenfe being fud obtained from the faid fuperintendant tna-gillrate, under the penalty of ten pounds for every fuch offeree ; or to own, keep, or carry any hackney chair, or fe-duu job chair, or fedan required to be licenfed as aforefaid, without fuch licenfc being fird obtained, under the penalty of fi^e pounds for every fuch offence ; or to keep or life any private chair.or fedan, required to be licenfed as afore-laid, without fuch licenfe,. under the penalty of twenty pounds for every fuch offence ; or to own, keep, or drive any Ringfend-car, chair, chaife or chaifemarine, required to be licenfed as aforefaid, without fuch licenfe, under the benalty of forty (hillings for every fuch offence 5 or to own, keep or drive any cart, car, dray, or other carriage, employed in the bufinefs of a brewer, builder, architect, carpenter, done-cutter, quarry owner,- bricklayer, brick burner, lime-burner, plailferer, fcavenger, factor, pcifon dealing on commifiion, merchant, trader, manufacturer or artificer, without fuch licenfi^ under the penalty of thirty (hillings for every fuch offence ; or to own, keep, or drive any other cart, car, dray, or other carriage, for which a licenfe is directed by this aft to be taken out, without fuch licenfe being tii It obtained, under the penal .y of twenty (hillings for every fuch offence, which faid refpeftive penalties are to be .recovered and difpofed of as herein lifter directed.

IX.	And whereas the ufc of narrow-wheeled carts, cars, and drays, hath been found to be very injurious to the pavements of the city of Dublin, and.to the highways in and about the neighbourhood thereof: for remedy whereof, be it enafted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, no dray, cart or car, drawn by one horfe, to be licenfed by virtue of this aft, (hall ply within the faid city* fuburbs, or liberties, or within feven miles thereof, uulefs the wheels thereof

(hall

Digitized by L.ooQ[e

The ihtrty-fevenlh Year of George II I*

ftuill be of the breadth of four inches at the lead on the fo)c, and the ftreaks fet on with flat-headed nails counter-funk, in fuch a manner as not to tife above the itreak ; or if any fuch dray* cart, or car, (hall be drawn by two horfes, unlefs the wheels thereof be of the breadth of feven inches at lead on the foie, and the dreaks fet on as afore-faid ; and if fuch dray, cart or car, (hall be drawn by more then two horfes or other beads, unlcfa the wheels thereof be of the breadth of nine inches at lead on the foie, and the ftreaks fet on as herein before dire&ed.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That in every licenfe to be granted by the fuperintendant-ma^idrate of the diftrid, £r,lute<i *ft(r 24 for any dray, cart or car, after the faid twenty-fourth day jbJiidcfmbe of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, breadth of there (hall be inferted a claufe, fpccifyiug the breadth and wheels.

(hoeing of the wheels of the dray, cart or car, fo licenfed

as above deferibed refpe&ively ; and that any licenfe that (hall he granted after laid time, without fuch claufe, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void, and of no e(Te&, and the dray, cart or car, ph ing under the fame,

(hall be deemed as plying without licenfe, and be fubje£t to the penalties herein after directed againft the owners of un-licenfed drays, carts or cars, and every fuch dray, cart or car plyidg or employed within faid city, fuburbs or liberties, or within feven miles thereof, without having wheels of the refpedive breadths herein before mentioned, (hall be confidcred to all intents and purpofes, as plying without licenfe, and be fubjeft to, and fubjedf the owners thereof to ell the forfeitures and penalties hereby cna&ed againft per-fons plying drays, carts or cars, within the faid city, Suburbs, and liberties, or within feven miles thereof, without licenfe from the faid fuperintendant magiflrate.

XI.	And be it enabled. That after the twenty-fourth Cars, carts, day of June next, no cart, car, dray, or waggon belong* &c. not to be ing to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, redding within the ufed, unlds city of Dublin, or the fuburbs or liberties thereof, or within ^h^in^ked.-ieven miles of the (aid city, (to be computed from the cir- ca.

cular road, at the rate of two thoufand two hundred and forty yards to the mile,) (hall be differed to be ufed, drawn, or employed in any ftreet, road, or paflage within the limits aforefaid, without having the wlretls of fuch car, cart, dray or waggon, if drawn by only one hoi fe or other bead, of the breadth of three inches and an half at the lead on the foie when worn ; and if drawn by two holies or other beads, unlefs the wheels thereof (hall be of the breath of fix inches at the foie when womj and if drawn by more than two horfes or other beallr,, unlefs the wheels thereof (hall be of the breadth of nine mdbes at the lead on. the X 2	foie

Licenfe* grant-

Digitized by t^ooQle

Net t# extend to cart*, ice.

Everj carriage joying contrary to this tffc tnaj Lefeized.

The thirtyfeveatk Tear of George III.

foie when worn; and the (heaket on the wheels of the feveral carts, cars, drays and waggons, let on with flatheaded bolts or nails, counter funk in fuch a manner as not to rife above the (Ireak f and if any fuch cart, car, dray or waggon, after the faid twenty* fourth day of June next, fhau be ufed, drawn, or employed in any of the ftreets or pafiages in the laid city, ftlburbs or liberties, or within fere n miles thereof, to be computed as aforefaid, without having the wheels or the refpedive breadths herein before mentioned, or without having the ftreakes fet on as afbre-faid, the owner or driver of fuch cart, car, dray or waggon, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings for the foie ufe and benefit of any perfon who (hall feize the fame, cn convidion before the fail fuperintendant magiftrate, or before the dirtdors or commiffioners for paving and lighting, appointed under and by virtue of faid ad pa fled in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An aO for the improvement of the city of Dublin, and the envi-Yont thereof by the better pavings lighting and clean/ing the famef or before any ohe of them.

XI	I. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained, (hail extend to any cart, car, or dray, fet up and ufed by the (aid directors and commifGoners appointed by virtue of the (aid ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded hy the authority aforefaid, That every hackney coach, landau, pod chaife or ber-lin, job-coach, landau, chariot, poft-chaife, berlin, and coach, landau, chariot, poit-chaifc, or berlin, drawn by one or more job-horfes, hcarfe, mourning coach, hackney chair .orfedan job chair, orfedan, ring's-end car, chair, chaife or chaifemarine, private chair, or fedan, cart, car, dray or other carriage, and job horfes, fubjed to a fine for a li-cenfe by virtue of this ad, or which (hall be found plying, or employed contrary to the intent and meaning of this ad* within the refpedive limits herein before mentioned, or (in cafes where no limit has been herein before mentioned) within the faid city, fuburbs or liberties, or within feven miles of the circular road, without fuch licenfe being firft obtained ; and every cart, car, dray, or waggon, which (hall be found plying, without having the wheels of the refpedive breadths, and defeription herein before mentioned, whereby the owners, keepers, carrier, 6r driver of the (ame, (hall have incurred any of the penalties aforefaid, (hall be feized, and that it (hall be fawful for any perfon to feize fuch carri* • ge, cart, car, and dray, chair, fedan, job horfe or horfes, and fuch carriage, together with the bead or beads drawing the (ame, or fuch bead or beads, together w ith the carriage,

(if

Digitized by LjOOQle .

, ,.v	The thirty Jrventh Tear of Georgfc III.

if an>) whVh they are drawing, with all the hamefs and accoutrements thereunto belonging, to lodge in the houfe of corrosion, in the county of the city of Dublin, with the keeper thereof, or in fome other convenient place, or the farre to deliver to any conftableor peace officer, which const-ftable or peace officer is hereby required forthwith to lodge the fame in manner a fore faid, and the keeper of the houfe of corre&ion, or the keeper of any other convenient place, is hereby required to detain the fame, tinlefs the faid feveral penalties (hall be paid with all cods and charges attending fuch

iazure, and the maintenance of all and every bead or beads o fuzed, until the faid fuperintendant xnsgidrate for the time being, or in cafe carts, cars, or drays, (hall be feized for not having wheels of the refpeftive breadths by this aft direfted, until the faid directors or commiffioncrs of paving, or one of them, or the faid fuperintendant magiftrate (hall enquire into the fame, and all matters appertaining thereto, and who is and ate hereby empowered from time to time to enquire into the faid matter, and to examine thereunto all fucli perfons as he or they (hall think proper upon oath, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to admi-niiler, and if it (hall appear to him or them upon fuch eu~ quiry that any fuch carriage or carnages, job horfe or job horfes, hearfe, mourning coach, chair, or fedan, bead or beads, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, has or have incurred any of the penalties or forfeitures afprefaid, that then he the faid fuperintendant magidratt for the time being, or thedireftors and commiffioncrs aforefaid, or anyone of then^, where any complaint (hall be made before him or them, or any one of them, fhall by wariant under his or their, or any one of their hand and feal, direft the keeper of the houfe of correftion, or the keeper of any other convenient place where the fame (hall be, to fell any fuch carriagevor carriages, job horfe or job horfes, mourning coach, or hearfe, chair or fedan, bead or beads, cart, car, dray or other carriage, harnefs, or accoutrements; or if any carriage fa feized be not a hackney or job carriage, but that one or more of the horfes drawing the fame be a job horfe or horfes, then to fell fuch job horfe or horfes with the harnefs, and by fuch fate to raife the faid penalties due for the faid re-fpeftiye carriages, horfes, chair, or fedan, cart, car, or dray, or other carriage, together with the cods and charges attending the feiaure of the fame, and maintenance of any bead drawing the fame as aforefaid, and a fum after the rate of / one (hilling in the pound, of every fuch penalty for his trouble in felling the feme, unlefs the faid penalties with the 9qds and charges (hall be fully paid within three days

from

Digitized by

3*6 A. D.

1797. Chap. 58.

5I penally for hindering feizure.

Sup mag. may lummofl the 1 art i«t.

The thirty-fiventb Tear of George ITT. from the date of the faid warrant fo to be granted ai aforefaid.

XIV.	And if any perfon (hall hinder or obflruft the feiz* ing or conveying to, or lodging as aforefaid, any fuch carriage and harnefs, accoutrements, or fedan, hearfe, mourning coach, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, job horfe or horfes, beaft or beads drawing the fame, or the fale thereof as aforefaid, or ufe or offer any violence to any perfon con-* ccrned in making fuch feizure or fale, or (ball rescue, or at* tempt to refeue apy fuch feizure j be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch perfon fo offending, fhali upon ponviftion thereof before the faid fupevintendant xnagiftrate for the time being, or before any juftice of the peace for the faid city of Dublin, pr county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin \ or in cafe of complaints againil perfons for ufing carts, cars, or drays with wheels, otherwife than as directed by this aft, before the commi(fi> oners and directors for paving and lighting, or any one of them, upon the oath of one credible perfon, which oath fuch fuperintendant magiftrate, or juftice, or direftor, or com-miffioner, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered to ad-minifter, forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of Bve pounds, and in default of the payment of fuch forfeiture immediately on the conviftion of fuch offender to be committed by fuch fuperintendant magiftrate, or juftice, or direftor, or com-mifiioner to gaol, and there imprifoned until fuch fine is paid, or for thrC'emoi thsand no longer.

XV.	Be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid; That in cafe the faid fuperintendant magiftrate for the time being, or juftice of peace for thp faid city of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, (hall at any time be informed, pr l^ave reafon to belicye, that any carriage, hearfe, mourning-coach, chair or fedan, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, job^horfe, or horfes, have pr has plied, or been driven, drawn, cariied, kept, or employed within the refpeftive limits aforefaid with^pt liccnfc, contrary to the intent and meaning of tbis aft, it (hall be lawful for the fupepntendant magiftrate, or any juftice of peace for the county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, to fumrron every perfon, whom he or they fhali fufpeft to l>e guilty of any of faid offences, and to enquire thereinto, fn manupr aforefaid; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall not appear at the time appointed in fuch fummoris, provided the (aid fummoos (hall have been left four days before the faid day, at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, or he, (he, or they (hall have been personally ferved therewith, or (hall be convifted of faid offences, or any pf them, before the (aid fuperintendant for the time being, or juftice as the

The thirty-fete 7; th Tear of George III.	327

Cafe may be, then by warrant under his band and fcal, or A. D. under the hand and feal of any f\jch juft ice, to commit fuch 1797. peiTon to bridewell, or any other place fuch fuperintendant Chap. 58* magiftrate.or juft ice (hall think proper, there to be kept to hard labour, until lie, (lie, or they (haft pay the penalty incurred for (aid offence, by virtue of this aft, and (hall aifo pay to the perfpn or perforvs informing of faid offence, the Jum of forty (hillings, over and above the faid penalties.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Carriage.*and faid, That every carriage of whatever description, and every Mans o l e fedan chair, for which a licenfe is by this aft required to be ^^*[0 * obtained, (hall have a mark of diftinftion, expreffing the

number of fuch carriage or fedan ^hair affixed thereto, in fuch manner as the fuperintendant magistrate for the time being (hall think proper, fo that fuch mark of diftinftion on all job-carriages or fedans, for the ufe of particular pri-	1

vatc perfons, (hall b$ put in a lefs confpicuoua manner, and that every hackney-poa^h, landau, poll-chaife, chariot, ber-Jin, or other carriage, pr it age-coach, for which a licenfe is by this aft to be obtained, (hall conftantly, and at all times (befides the mark or number afo^efaid) have painted on the pannel of each door, and on the front and rere panne), and every Ringfcnd par, chair, phaife, or chaifemarine, on the rere pannel, where arms or cyphers are yfually painted, the •chriftian and furname of the-real owner or keeper thereof at full length, together with the place of hjs abode, in plain large legible letters, and alfo on each of the fide, pamula, where creft6 are ufually painted, have painted in p)a*n legible figures, the number contained in the mark afortfaid, a» d that every perfon who (hall blot out, deface, change, pr lake pff the faid mark of diftinftion or figure, or any of £uch letters, names or figures, or (hall omit to affix fuch mark, or to have the pannels painted in manner aforefeid, or fhaH own, keep, drive, or employ any carriage, chair, or chailc, or fedan, without fuch mark or without fuch pairing on the pannels, where the fame is by this aft requiicd, (haft _be confidered to all intents and purpofes as having^ owned, kept, ufed, driven, or employed tire fame without a licenfe, and be fubjeft to the feveral penalties, forfeitures* and punilhments, hereby eqafted for fuch offences refpeo tivcly.

XVII.	Provided always, That no common, public, or How fedan

hackney lfcenfed fedan chair, fhall ply within the faid city, chairs fhall he fuburbs, or liberties,'or within three miles thereof, that numbered, pc-(hall not have on the reje, or	part,	and on each of n ^ I0*

the fides thereof, a certain ovah compartment five inches in

length, and three inches in breadth, painted in white, within number of the licenfe painted in letters of black thereon

of

izedjjy

Gc )Qle

Kcenf-cH lb kc«p hack* nqr-caniagc, to keep fuch a month after li-reufe, or forfeit Si.

Perftins -who h vc more t} an 3 licenfed hack* i ey, or job feel ns, may he funvnoned before fjp. ma-# gi lira to.

iTbi iinrty-ftventh iftat of George III.

of a lfeafonable fize, the whit# thereof to be annually r& Be wed, and the figures kept legible under a penalty of ten (hillings for the firft offence, twenty (fulling* for the fecond, and forfeiture of the laid licenfe for the third offence, to be Atfovered on oath by any perfon or perfona filing for the lame, before the fuperintendant magiftrate fot the time being, who is hereby required on conviftion, to ifTue his warrant again ft the goods of the offender for recovery of the penalt ies aforefaid, or any of them.

XVIII.	And wheteas perfons may obtain licenfe* far

keeping hackney coaches, landaus, chariots, poft-chaifes, ftage-coaches, and other carriages, or fedan-chairs for hire, in and about* the faid city and liberties, and may not put up hackney coaches, or other carriages, or fedan-chairs, conformable thereto, whereby the public will be deprived of their ufe and convenience ; for remedy whareof, be it enabled, That any perfon who fliall obtain or receive a licenfe for keeping a hackney coach, landau, chariot, poft-chaife, dage-coaeh, or other carriage, or hackney fedan-chair, for public ufe, and (hall not within one month after obtaining or receiving fuch licenfe, keep and maintain fuch carnage, or fedan-chiir, for which fuch licenfe (hall have been granted, for the ufe and convenience of the public, and continue fo to do, during the continuance of his or her licenfe, and who (kail thereof be convifted by the oath of one witnefs at the leaft, before the fuperintendant-magiftrate, which oath he is hereby empowered to adminifter, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch negledf, to be recovered by diftrefa and fale of the offender's goods by warrant under the hand and feal of the fuperintendant-magiftrate, and to be difpofed of in manner herein after dire£fced; provided always. That in cafe any perfon fo offending (hall (urrender his licenfe to the fuperintendant-magiftrate, fuch fine or penalty (hall not be levied.	“

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon or per-fons (hall have at any one time in his, her, or their name, or in the name of any other perfon in truft for him, her, or them, more than two fuch liccnfed or hackney or job-chairs, or fedans, and in cafe the fuperintendant magiftrate (hall be informed, or have rcafon to tufpeft that any perfon or per-fons has, or have therein offended, it (hall be lawful for the fuperiatendam magiftcate to fummon fuch perfoti or perfona to appear before him at the time and place in fuch fummona mentioned; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, after fuch fummons, fo as the fame be ferved personally at bis or her own plfece of abode, twenty-four hours before the time appointed, for his, her, or their appearance, (hall neglc£fc to appear without fome reafonablc caufe for fo doing, or if

after

—Digitized'by

The thirty feVerith Tear of George HI*	33^

after appearance it (hall be found by confeffioft of the party, or by the oath of one or more crddible witnefs or witneffct, or other due proof, that fuch perfon or perfona have fo offended, which oath the faid fuperintendant magiftrate for the time being is hereby empowered to admimfter, every perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit all the licenfes for chairs or iedan8 granted to him or her, by virtue of this	or which

he or (he (hall he entitled unto by devife, ahigntnent, or otheiwife, and fuch licenfes (hall be null and void.

XX.	And be it ena&cd, for recovery of the rent referv- Rent to daft ed upon the faid feveral licenfes, That in cafe the fame, 6r

any part thereof, (hall be in arrear for the fpace of ten days after any of the days appointed for payment of the fame, it (hall be lawful for the fuperintendant magiftrate to levy the fame by diffrefs and fale of the goods ot the owner oif fuch licenfe, by warrant under his hand and feal, and in cafe the fame (hall be behind and unpaid by the fpace of twenty-one days after any of the days appointed for payment of the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for the fuperintendant magi (Irate to commit the owner to prifon, to be confined until the fame and all cods attending the non-payment thereof be fully paid and fatisfied; and in cafe the fame (hall be unpaid for or by the fpace of thirty-one days after any of the day! appointed for the payment thereof, that then the faid licenfe . or licenfes fo granted (hall be forfeited, and become null and void ; and before a new licenfe or licenfes (hall be granted to fuch perfon or perfons fo negle&ing to pay by the time eft-times afore faid, he, (he, or they, (hall pay not only all arrears of rent due at the time of forfeiting fuch licenfe or licenfes, but (hall alfo pay for fnch new licenfe or licenfes, one-fourth more than was paid for the licenfe or licenfes fo forfeited : Provided that nothing herein contained (hall prevent the fuperintendant magiftrate from time to time, from proceeding again ft the owners of any carriage or carriages, forfeiting his or their licenfe or licenfes, for the recovery of all arrears of rent by the remedies herein before mentioned or otherwife $ and that the fuperintendant magiftrate may, (if lie thinks proper) refufe to giant a new licenfe or licenfes to any perfon or perfons who (hall have forfeited any licenfe or licenfes granted by virtue of this a&*

XXI.	And be it ena&cd, That it (hall be lawful Sup magif-for the ^fuperintendant magiftrate, in cafe he (hall fee occafioav from time to time, to alter and increafe the fines rents.1

to be paid, or the rents to be referred upon the licenfes by him granted under this a&; provided the feme be not in-creafed above one-fourth part more than the fines and Tents herein before particularly mentioned and espreffed: and to,

make*

digitized by

Google

Sup. magfc tratc may re* guUte rate*, weights. ficc.

Jjtm back cars fubjeA to penalties, fiic.

owners fif hackney-carriage* forfeit from lot. to 40a. for extortion, iby&s, fiic.

The thirty-feventh Tear of George III.

make fuch rules, orders, and regulations for the purpofc as to him (hall feem meet; and to alter, vary, amend, or an mi the fame; provided every fuch alteration, rule, order, and regulation refpe&ing the fines or rents fo made by the fuper-intendant magiftrate, (hall be approved of by the lord chan, ccllor, or fords commiflioners of the great feal, and tlic chief judges, or*Iny three of them.

AXII. And be it further enaAed by the authority afore, faid, That it (hall be lawful for the luperintendant magik trate from time to time, to fettle, regulate, and ordain the fevcral rates of carriages, carts, cars, drays, and fedans, and fares to be demanded and taken, and weights to be carried by every car, cart, dray, or other carriage carrying for hire, within the limits of their refpe&ivc licenfes a* a fore faid 5 provided every regulation aird alteration bom time to time, be firft approved of in manner aforefaid, before they can be valid and take place.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&td by the authority aforefaid, That every lowback car, or other carriage drawn by one beaft, and that (hall carry for hire any perfon or perfons within the faid city, fuburbs and liberties, or within feven miles thereof, (hall take out the {ame licenfe with, and be conGdered to all intents and purposes, as the owner, keeper, or driver of a Ring’s-end car, and be fubjecl to every order, provifoe, regulation, penalty, and forfeiture eoa&ed, ordained, or cftabliftied by this prefent ad, or to be ena&ed, ordained, or eftablifhed by virtue thereof, in re-fped of Ring’s-end cars, chaife or chaife marine, and the owners, drivers, or keepers thereof; and if the owner, keeper, driver or carriers of any of faid coaches, carts^ cars, drays, carriages or fedans hereby direded to be li-cenfod, (haft exad or demand more for his hire, than the feveral rates and fares already fettled or hereafter to be fettled, regulated, ordained and made by the fuperintendant magiftrate by virtue hereof, or leave his or their fare without permiifion, or embezzle, make away with, or difpofe of any matter or thing committed to him to carry, or who (hall aflault or abufe his or their fare, the owner or proprietor of any fuch coach, carriage, cart, car, dray or ledan, or tlic grantee, affignee or devi(ee of the licenfc obtained for the lame, in cafe fuch owner or proprietor ft^ll oat produce to the fuperintendant magiftrate, uie driver or carrier thcrec/ when required fo to dp, (haft for every fuch.offence, after being duly fummoned, and having at lead twenty-four hours notice to appear thereto, forfeit a fum not lefs than twenty (hillings, and not exceeding forty (hillings ; to be recovered before the fuperintendant magiftrate on proof thereof, oji the oath of any one credible witnefs, and to be levied ii^

cafe

Digitized by

GaogI

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

rafc the fame be not inflantly paid, by diflrefs and fale of the goods of the proprietor or owner of any fuch coach, carnage, cart, car, dray, or fedan, or of the licenfe thereof as aforefaid, by warrant under the hand and feal of the fuperintendant magiftrate, together with one (hilling in the pound to the perfon levying the fame for his trouble, and to be difpofed of in manner herein after di-refted 5 and the driyer or carrier of any fuch coach, car- cirrier* who riage, cart, car, dray, or fedan, who (hall cxa£\ or de- commit offnces tnand more than the rates or fares already fettled, or which forfeit 40*. fhall hereafter be fettled, or leave his or their fare without permiflion, or who fhall embezzle, make away with, or dif-pofe of any matter or tiling committed to him to carry, or who fhall aflault or abufc ms or their fore, being produced by the owner or proprietor thereof, or appearing before the fuperintendant magiftrate, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied as aforefaid, and for. the ufe herein after mentioned, or be committed to the boufe of corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not lefs than feven days, and not exceeding thirty days, at the diferetion of the faid fuperintendant magi (Irate for the time being.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Sup mag. faid, That for the better regulation, and preferring decency make rules, v*. and order among drivers, keepers, and carriers of coaches, to bind pet font, carriages, carts, cars, drays, job-horfes or fedans, fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, by virtue of this aft, or which are or * have been already licenfed, and for preventing difturbances, ftoppages, and other inconyeniencies in the ftreets, and places where fuch coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, job-horfes and fedans fhajl attend, be driven or carried, and for punifhing the keepers, drivers, or parriers of any fuch coaches, carriages, carts, cars, draysj job-horfes, or fedans plying for public ufe, \yho (hall refute tp go for hire, when not actually employed and paid for waiting, and for punifli-ing any rudenefs, ipfult, or mi(behaviour in every fuph coach* naan, chairman, driver, or carrier, and punifhing and awarding damages, and fatisfaftion for any fraud, di(h:nefty, or brepch of tmft, in refpeft of matters left in fuch carriages or fedans, 01 entrijfted or given into the care of fuch driver or carrier, it (hall and may be lawful for the fuperintendant magiftrate, to make fuch rules, orders, and bye-laws, to bind all the perfbns who (hall own, keep, drive, or carry any of the coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, job-horfes, and fedans, to be licenfed as aforefaid, or wno mall obtain any licenfe under this aft, and amerce fuch reafonable penalties and forfeitures, or to make void, or fufpend the licenfe or licenfes of every offender, or to fubjeft the drivers or

carriers

3J*	Tii	tbirty-fcwntb	Tear	of	George	I1L

Ftrfoiji who d* not pay drivers &e fommoncd,at

herein.

Licenfef granted before 34 Jane, 1797. under former a£a, (hall be Yalid.

carriers of coaches, carriages, carts, cars, drays, and Sedan*

plying for hire, to punimment, by fending them to the. noufe of cor red ion, there to be kept to hard labour for an j time not lefs than feven days, and not exceeding thirty days, (a as fuch rules, orders, regulations, and bye-laws, be ap* proved of by the lord chancellor, or the lords comfnifiioners of the great feal, and the three chief judges, or any three of them; and after fuch rules, orders, and bye-laws, (halj be fo approved of, and be printed and polled on the Royal-Exchange, and fuch other places as the fuperintendant magi (I rate (hall appoint, the luperintendant magiflrate from time to time (hall enquire into the breach of every rule or bye-law, order, or regulation fo made and approved^ and into all and every abufe and milbeliaviour m any way relating to all and every fnch Keen fed carnages, licenfed job-horfes, cart, car, dray, or fedan, and to correft the fame by fuch ways and methods as he (hall think proper, if the fame be npt particularly pointed out by this aft, or by the (aid rules and bye-laws.

XXV.	And be it cnafted, That if any perfon (hall re-fufe or negleft to pay any owner, keeper, driver, or carrier of any fu<m liceufed coach, carriage, cart, car, diay, job-horfes, />r fedan plying for lure, or cut, maim, or injure the horfe or horfes, bead or beads drawing any fuch carriage, or the hamefs, tackling, or accoutrements thereof, it fnall be lawful for the fuperintendant magi ft rate upon com*, plaint thereof, to grant a fummons requiring fuch perfoa or perfons to appear before him at a certain time and place, to anfwer fuch complaint, and upon proof being made of the fervice of fuch fummpns at lead tw enty-four hours before thr time appointed for appearance, either personally, or at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, then to hear, con-fidcr, and examine into the matter of fuch complaint, and to award reafonable fatisfaftion to the party aggrieved, for his, her, or their damage and cods, and upon refufa] to pay, or make fuch fatisfaftion, to grant a warrant under his hand and feal for levying the fame by didrefs, and immediate falc of the goods of the party againd whom fuch complaint (hall be made.

XXVI.	And be it enafted, That all licenfef that have been, or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thon-fand feven hundred and nincty-feven, (hall be granted under and by virtue of any former aft or afts of parliament, hereby in part repealed by the governors of the Foundling-hofpital, or by any quorum or number of them, or by the commilfioners of police, or any two of them, or by the fuperintendant magidrate for the didrift of the metropolis, (hall be deemed as good and efFcftual for the refpeftivc

terms

Digitized

i by G^^Ie

The thirty feventh Tear of Gcdrge lit.

terms in fuch licenfe* contained, notwithflanding any claufe, matters or thing contained in this a& of parliament, that might ten<^ to, or be £onfth*ed to tend to annul the fame; provided nsverthelcfs, that every fuch licenfe, and the per-ion or perfons who poffcfs, or fha!l poffefs the Time, mall be fubjedt to all and every the rents payable on the days and times herein before mentioned, rules, orders, regulations, pnovifoes, penalties, remedies, and conditions in this adt contained, for or refpeding any licenfe or licenfes to be granted by virtue of this act* ., -

XXVII.	And be it eot^^ " ^hat the fuperintendant magiftrate (hall have pow^ «• Authority at all times to «»y mt timrt fummon, call before him, and iltaminc upon oath all owners

and dire&ors of hackney coaches, job-horfes, and chairs, carriers, as and all owners and drivers of all chans, drays* cars, carts, herein, and ether carnages, alfo all owners or carriers of fedan chairs* which ply for hire, as he (hall think proper* touching any matter or thing in this ad contained, or wherein he fhall have power by this a& to examine and enquire; and in cafe aijy perfon who fhall by fummons, ferved perfonally twenty-four hours before the time required for appearance, or by fummons in writing left at his, her, or their ufual place of abode four days before faid day, be fummoned to appear before him, (hall negledl fo to appear, then that any perfon fo neglc&ing, (hall forfeit the ium of five pounds, and a new fummons fhall be ferved, and fo as often as he fhall negleft to appear, and for every negleA he or (he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of his or her good9 by warrant under the hand and feal of the fuperintendant magiftrate; and in csfe any fuch perfon appearing before the fuperintendant magiftrate, fhall withhold, or refufe to give hia or her teftimony, or fhall upon examination prevaricate or treat the fuperintendant magiftrate with contempt, infoltnce, or abufe, it fhall be lawful for the fuperintendant magiftrate to impofe a fine not exceeding forty fhillings on fuch offender, or by warrant under his hand and feal, to commit him, her, or them to Bridewell, or fuch other place as he fhall think proper, there to be confined for any time not exceeding three jnonths.

XXVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where pe- Penalties to cuniary penalties or forfeitures are infli&ed by this a&, fuch be recovered by penalties fhall be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the of- jhfirefc** tcrc" tender’s good , by warrant under the hand and feal of the m*

perfon inflf&ing fuch penalties, and that.io all cafes where the penalty fhall be fo recovered, it fhall be lawful for the perfon or perfons who fhall execute the warrant for diftrefs and fale, to deduA out of the money levied over and above	/

the

Sop. mag.

Digitized by

Mr thirty feventh Year of George Ii I.

the penalty for which the warrant (hall be granted, and ti e co(U attending the fame, the fum of one (hilling in the pound for bin or their ttouble, and the overplus after fuch oedudion (hall be reflored to the owner ? and that hi all cafes where miles are expreffed in this ad, the computation is to be made at the rate of two thoufand two hundred and forty yards to a mile, and to begin and be computed from the circular road, furrounding the city of Dublin.

XXIX.	And be it enaded, of ail pecuniary penalties and forfeitures inflidted bf ttys ad, and not other* ife dif-pofed of, one moiety thereof inTdl cafes where there (hall be an informer, (hall be paid to fudfc informer, and the other moiety to the collcdor pf carriage duties, to be applied by .	the fuperintendant magiftrate, together with all other furns

hun 73SGe©.3. monej tiu*s a&	to	be	paid	to him for fines and

rents of licenfes (except where fuch fines and rents are otherwife applied) in aid of the funds veiled in him, under and by virtue of an ad pafTed in the thirty-fifth year of the

3	of hisprefent Majcfty, entitled. An a3 for more effec-prefervbthe peace within the city of Dublin * anti the dyirift of the metropofhi cu i ejlalhjhing a parochial watch in fatd city ; and to be accounted for by him from time to time as other fuma ftceived under faid ad arc direded to be ac-counted for; and that where there (hall not be an informer, then the whole of fuch penalty (hall be paid to the (aid col* ledor for the ufe aforefaid.

Affirmation	XXX. And be it enaded, That in all cafes where an rath

of a quake r in ig adminiftered, or taken by this ad, an affirmation ftv be room of an oath. ful,ftituted in the room thereof, if the perfon to whom it is to be tendered, be of the people called quake s ; and tliat if any perfon who (hall take any oath, or if a quaktr make any affirmation in confequence of, or by virtue of this ad, (ball forfwear himfelf or herfclf, or (hall be guilty of wilful perjury, or felfe affirmation, and (hall thereof be convided by due courfe of law, he or (he (hall incur and fuller the pains and penalties which by law perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt penury are liable to.

50I. penalty XXXI. And be it enaded, That if any perfon lhall forge for forging a or counterfeit any licenfc or licenfes to be granted for any of lirerfc^or^ufing ^e purpofes aforefaid, or (hall ply any coach, carriage, cart, a OI?c , o	dray	or	other	carriage,	job	horfes,	or	lcdjms,	before

mentioned, and required to be licenfed, with any fuch forged or counterfeit liceufe, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof for the ufe of his Majclly, and the other moiety to him or her who (hall piofecute or fua for the fame, fuch penalty to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of tua

Majefh’s

king and informer.

One moiety of penalties to be paid to informers, ficc. or applied by fup. mag. in aid of funds veiled in

Digitized

by . pogle

The thirty-frtsentl Tear of George III.

Majefty’s courts of record at the four courts of Dublin, in winch no effoign, protedion, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; and that every fuch perfon fhall be fubjed to fuch other pains and penalties as may be inflided on per-fons for forgery.

XXXII.	And be it enaded, That if any perfon fhall at any time be fued or profecuted, or any replevin brought for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, for goods taken or diftrained under the fame, the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, or a?oW generally, that he or they took the faid goods for fuch a fum of money due and owing to the fuperintendant magiilrate, a9 a rent or fine for a licenfe or liccnfes, or incurred as a pe* nalty or forfeiture, under and by virtue of this ad, as the cafe may be, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if upon a trial or trials, verdid fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or judgment fhall be given ngainft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, difeontinue or forbear proceeding in his, her, or their adion or adions, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cods to him, her or them, awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cofts, he, fhe, or they, fhall have fuch remedy as in other cafes, where cofts are by law given to defendants.

XXXIII.	And be it enfrded, That all rules, orders, regulations and bye-laws, made by virtue of any ad heretofore in force, and in part by tin's ad repealed, which fhall not be incompatible with, or be in fubftance repealed or annulled by the provifion in that ad contained, fhall from and iiftcr the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, be good and valid to all intents and purpofes, fubjed neverthelefs to be amended, altered, or made null and void by the faid fuperintendant magiftrate for the time being: provided fuch alterations and amendments fhall be approved of in manner herein before direded.

XXXIV.	And be it enaded, That the fuperintendant mvigiftrate may in cafes where any fine,*penalty, or forfeiture is incurred, or liable to be impofed by virtue of this ad, mitigate the fame, according to the nature of the offence committed, as he in his diferetion fhall judge proper, either by changing or commuting fuch forfeiture for a fine, o. by impofmg only part of the fine incurred, fo that the fine fo impofed by way of commutation or reducement, fhall not be lefs than twenty fnillmgs, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanaing.

XXV.	And whereas the hofpital for the relief of poor lyir .y in-women, in the city of Dublin, requires a perma-neru fupport; be it enaded, That from and after the twenty-fourth

Such perrons fubjeit to other penal tie* for forgery*

Rule? and orders made by . other aits fhall be valid, but fubjeit to alterations.

Snp. mag. may mitigate fines, &c.

il. 15s 6d. per ann. for every private fedan.

Digitized by Google

Sap. mtf ,. fa pay fuch money to governor* o« lying-in hoi-

Slf

Carts, &c. fringing build* ing or paving

The thirtrfeventh tear qf George III.

ty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and mnety-feven, there (hall be paid to the fuperintendant ms* giftrate for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons si Sc (hallappomt,and he is hereby authorized and required to colled and levy the fum of thirty-five (hillings and ux-pence par annum, for every fedan chair which any perfon (hall keep in his or her pofleflion in the faid city, or withia one mile thereof, except hackney fedan chairs, or fedan chairs kept by the makers for (ale, over and above all other films herein before mentioned, and payable for the fame \ the faid additional fum of thirty-fire (hillings and fix-pence ftcrling pet annum, to be paid quarterly, at the like timet, and to be colle&ed and received by the like ways, means, and with fuch powers and authorities, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures at the other annual Turns herein be* fore mentioned and made payable to the fuperintendant ma-giftrate for the time being, and referred on the licenlcs granted on the fame, may be colkded and received.

XXXVI. And be it enaded. That the fuperinteodant magiftrate from time to time, (hall within twenty-one days next after each quarterly day of payment of the rents anf* mg from liccnfes, pay over unto the governors and guar* diant of the Iying-in-hofpital, or their treafurer, or fuch other perfon as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, for every licenfe which (hall hereafter be granted by him in pur-fuance of this ad, for private fedan chairs kept or ufed by any perfon for his or her own ufe, the fum of one pound fifteen (hillings and fix-pence; and alfo, all fuch fum and fumt of money as he fluul have received on account of tljc (aid additional rate of thirty-five (hillings and fix-pence per annum f without any dedudion or abatement whatsoever, fave only and except the fum of one (hilling in the pound fterling, for colledtng the fame ; and he (hall at the fame time give unto the faid governors or their treafurer, an account thereof, fpecifying the number of chairs liccnfed, names of the owners thereof, where refident, and the arrears of the faid additional rate remaining due, figned by the col-ledor of carriage duties appointed by the fuperintendant magiftrate, and the fuperintendant magiftrate (hall fo Coop as he conveniently can, after the pafling of this ad, furniih the governors and guardians of the mid lying-in hofpital, with a lift of the feveral perfons who have taken out licenfes for private fedan chairs, fpecifying-* the date of every licenfe, and the refidence of every perl'on caking out the fame, and (hall from time to time, as often as any fuch licenfe (hall be taken out, furnifh the faid governors and guardians with a like account thereof.

XXXVIL And be it cnaded. That it fbaD be lawful tp and for any perfon or perfons who (hall have any cart, car,

or

—	—	-	-	Digitized	by.	GetogJc

TBs Ibirty-jeventh Tier ' of Ceorge III!	^	j

br bthcr carriage, employed in bringing into the faid city, A* D. pr. in removing from any part thereof, to any other place} 17,97- « any bricks} (tones, fand, gravfcl,	lime, or other, materials	.	J

ufually employed in building or	paving for their own	ufe,	material* need,

and not for fale or hire} to ufe any fuen carriage, without	take out U-

taking out any litenfe ; provided fuch carriages fo ufed ccnici* wrthout licertfe, (hall not be employed in carrying any of the materials aforefavd, for any builder dr perion dontraft* ing to build, pr creft for fale, or	paver or perfon who	Hall

contraft to pave, for the ufe of	any-other perfon or	per?

foos whatfoever, any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any ife notwithftanding.

j XXXVilL. And be it further enabled by the authority On death, ic, aforefaid. That on the death or refignatioil of the prefent of officers, fup. officers, aftiog tinder the fuperihtenddnt magiftratc} for the "“T *P-tegulation of carriages arid colleftion of the fines and-rents P0^1 odlcri* arifing therefrom, it (hall and may be lawful for the fuper-intendant rhagiftrate from time to time, by warrant under hi| hand and leal} to ap^>dint. a proper perion to fill.the vacancy pccafioned by every death orrefignation.

XXXIX.	And be it enafted, That this aft and.all and Xjmblicaft. every the claufe and ebufes therein*. and every part thereof^

/hall be taken potide of in all courts of law and equity in this kingdom, and deemed a publicK aft.

CHAP; LXi

to emAh. His Majejty to 'grant, a certain Pcnfion to Amended 38 b. the Princefs .floyah upon her intended Marriage kvith the 3* 3°-Hereditary Prince, of Wlrtemburgln

•	J	.

Moft gracious fovereign,

•	. • *	.	,	•	.	*	i	»	.	•	,

WHEREAS his excellency the earl of Camden} lord Hi*-Majdlf'i lieutenant general and general governor of this king- mdbgc.

Horn of Ireland, by his meftage .to* your faithful commons of this kingdom, hath been pleafed to fignify that your Majefty having agreed to a marriagfc proposed between the prince^ tpyal, and. the hereditary prince of Wirtemburgh} had commanded his excellency to communicate the fame to your faid commons ; and that your Majcfty was fully per-{uaded that the faid alliance with a pfoteftant (hiace fo con-fiderable in rank and Ration, conncftcd with your Majef-ty’8 royal family, by their common descent from, the priri-cefs Sophia of Hanover, cannot (hit be acceptable to all ygftjr Majeftjj's faithful fubjeft*, and declaring it to be your Majefty’s wifh on that occafion to fettle a pcnfion of five VbL. XI.	T	tboufand

3S8

Nothing bere-in to prevent bis Majefty from making grants or penfion*.

The thirty feventh Tear of George III.

thoufand pounds per annum on your Majefty’s elded daughter, for her foie and feparate ufe; and that from1 the many proofs which your Majefty had received of the affe&ionate attachment of the houfe of commons of this kingdom, to your perfon and family, your Majefty entertained no doubt of the ready concurrence of your faid commons in fuch meafures as would enable youi Majefty to carry .the lame into, effe£l : And whereas your Majefty’s faid commons having taken into confederation the faid meflage, have tioa-nimoufly agreed to enable your Majefty to grant a penfion-to the faid pnneefs royal in manner herein alter mentioned > Now we your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjc&s, the commons of Ireland in Parliament affembled, duly confider-ing your Majefty's moil gracious intention, do raoft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and he it ena&cd by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual and temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affemblecl, and by the authority of the fame, .That it fhall and may be lawful for your Majefty, from and after the folemnization of the intended marriage oT the faid pnneefs royal, with the (aid hereditary prince of Wirtemburgh, to grant to, and fettle on the faid princefs royal, for her foie and feparate ufe, in fuch manner as his Majefty (hall think proper, for the life of the faid princefs, a penfion not exceeding five thoufand. pounds a year, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, ©nc thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and to be paid and payable out of the fund called the confoli-dated fund, any thing in an a& made in the thirty-third year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, JJn act for the fupport of the honour and dignity of his Majcjifs crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majefy a ci<vil hjl cjlabhfhihetit, under certain provifions and regulations, to the contrary thereof not-withftlnding.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That no grant which fhall be made under the authority of this a&, fhall extend, or. be conftrued to extend to reftrairt his Majefty from making any other grant or penfion which he may now lawfully do under the provifions of the faid alft, until the whole penfion lift (hall be reduce! to eighty thoufand pounds, as in the faid a& mentioned.

CHAP.

i

The thirty-fepenth Tear of George III.

C H A P. LXI.

33$ A. D. ,797*

An Ad for the further Regulation of the Linen and Hempen >	Manufadures.

TXT HE REAS by an aft palled in the feventeenth and ' Recital 17 & W eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Maf 18 Geo. 3. jelly, entiued, An ad to explain and amend an ad paffed in the third year of the reign, of Its prefent Jllaje/ly,' entitled, An ad for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufadures 3 it is amongft other things enafted, That all brown or unbleached linen cloths, called or known by the name dow-lafs fheetings, or ozenbigs, manufaftured or made in the provinces of Munfter or Connaught, may be fold, or e*r pofed to fnle in any place in the faid provinces, without being fealed : And whereas, it is expedient that all fuch linens (liould be fealed as other linens are required to be, before they' are fold or expo fed to fait; be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpititual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authoiity of the fame, Tnat all and every part of the faid recited claufe, bf dowlafs (hcet-heieby repealed, and made null and void; and that from s,t ^l and after the palling of this aft, all brdwn or unbleached k,alid» ^<# linen cloths, as aforefaid, called or known by the name of dowlafs (heetings, ot ozenbrigs, manufaftured or made, or fold, or expoied to fale, in the piovince, of Munfter or Connaught, (hall be fealed and marked in like manner* and b£ lubjeft to the like regulations 'and penalties for not being fealed and marked as all other brown or unbleached linen cloths.

II. And whereas from the great increafe of the growth Xruftces mnv of, flax, and the manufafture of lir.en in the counties of appoint infp.-c-Louth and Meath, and the county of the toton of Drogheda, ms for I outb' one infpeftor has been found infuflicient for the Eid conn- and ties 5 be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for th$ tr^llees of the linen and hempen manufaftures to appoint one fofp<^or for the county of Louth, and the county of the town of Drogheda, and one other infpeftor for the county of Meath, in like manner, and under and fubjeft to tlm like regulations as are enafted by any law at prefent in force, refpefting any county infpeftors by them appointed.

Y j	III.	And

Digitized by CjOOQle

No brown tloth (hill be fold, unleft of equal finencft t*d thickncft.

Aficmmsy examine calks of sax-feed or hemp-feed, al> tbo' branded.

The thirty froenth Tear of George III.

III.	And whereas doubts hate arifen whether brown or unbleached plain linen cloth, or hempen cloth, or plain cloth made of cotton yarn, or cotton and linen yarn mixed, are by law required to be of equal finenefs and thickncft throughout every part of the length and breadth , thereof; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no piece of brown or unbleached linen, or hempen cloth, or plain cloth made of cotton, or cotton and linen yam mixed, (hall be fold, or expofed to fale, or packed up, or entered for ex-portation, which (hall net be of equal or even finencft and thicknefs throughout every part of the length and breadth of fuch piece, upon pain of forfeiting fuch piece, and alfo the fura of forty (hillings, by the perfon felling or expofing to fele, or packing up or entering the feme for exportation.

IV.	And whereas flax-feed, and hemp-feed, which have been regularly branded at the time of importation, as being found ana fit for fowing, have been afterwards fold, or expofed to fale, although fuch feed may, after the branding thereof, from age, damp, or other injury, have become unfound and damnified ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may he lawful for any infpe&or-genc-ral, or infpe&orj or other officer ailing under the feid truf-tees, to examine as often as he (hall think neceffery, any ca(k containing (lax-feed or hemp-feed, although the feme (hall have been fo branded, and if the feed contained in any fuch ca(k (hall be found unfound, damnified, mixed, or in any way unfit for fowing, to require fccurity to be given that the fame (hall not be fown, or fold for fowing, but he made up into oil, or exported from this kingdom ; and if any perfon (hall refufe or prevent any flax-feed or hemp-feed from being fo examined, or (hall after fuch requifition made, and until fecurity (hall be given, fell, or difpofe of, fcr fuffer to be fold or dlfpofed of, in any way, any part of Fuch feed, and (hall be convicted thereof upon oath before any magi ft rate, he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhd, or part of abuftiel fo fold ordif-pofed of, or permitted to be fold or difpofed of, and all th* feed remaining, touching which fuch requifition had been made, and the calk or calks wherein the feme is contained i faid fum fo forfeited, to be to the life of the informer, ana the feed fo forfeited, to be to the ufe of the feid truftees* to be by them difpofed of, and the produce applied in fuch manner for the encouragement of the officer, as they (hill think fit; and on failure of payment of any fuch lum fo forfeited, filch magiftrate (hall commit the offender to gaol for any time not lefs than three months,.or until the fame (hall be paid, or may iffuc his warrant to levy the fam^b^

6

Digitized by

The thirty-/eventh Tear of George III,

341

diftrefs or fale of the offenders goods, as he (hall judge rood expedient.

V.	And whereas it may tend to encourage fraud, and

to leflen the linen manufacture, if purged yam, which (hall be entrufted to any perfon to weave, or if any wheel, reel. Pawnbroker or loom, which may have been delivered by the (aid truftees, taking ourged for the encouragement of the faid manufacture, (hould be	fljaU

permitted to be pawned: be it enaCted by the authority forfeit’treble aforefaid,'That any pawnbroker who (hall take in as ^ amount, pledge, or have in his or her pofleffion, any chain, or warp*

or woof, Ur weft of purged linen, or hempen yam, or any wheel, reel, or loom, delivered by the fajd trnftees, and be convicted thereof, upon the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon confeffion before any juftice of the peace for the county or city in which the fame may have been pawned,

{hall forfeit treble the amount of money lent or given on fuch goods ; to be recovered and difpofed of in like manner as any forfeiture herein before enafted; and that every fuch article fo pawned or found in pofleffion of any pawn? broker, (hall be feized by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, and be difpofed of as thf faid truilees (hall

direa.

VI.	And whereas further regulations are neceflary to Jufliccs may

prevent the dealing of linen or cotton cloth, and yam from	^“€n»

bleach-greens, or perfon* dealing therein ; it pnaded,

That upon complaint made upon oath to any jqftice oif tl\c ^ pe^pe, that any linen cloth, callico, ipuflin, or cloth piade of cotton, or cotton and linen mixed, or any linen yarn has been ftolen, fraudulently fecreted, or embezzled from any bleach-green, or from any bleacher, or perfon dealing in any branch of the linen or cotton trade, it (hall he lawful for fuch iuflice tq ifltoe his vvarraqt to fearch for the fame in all fufpeded places ; and if any fuch gpods (ufpeCle ed to be ftolen, fraudulently fecreted, or embezzled, (hal\ be found in the pofleffion of any perfon, or in the houfc, out-houfe, garden, yard, office or field of any perfon, tq bring fuch perfon or perfons, and alfo fuch goods, before any juftice of the p/ace, and if the perfon fo brought (hall not prove to the iatisfa&ioq of fuph juftice, that he op (he came honeilly by the fame, foch juftice (ball fpie fuch perfon in fuch fqm, pot exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than . twenty'(hillings fo/ every fuch piece pf linen, ca$co, muffin, cotton, or cotton and linen mixed* and qpt exceeding twenty flifljtngs, nor fefs than two (hillings for pvery pound weight pf fuch linen-yam fp found * or may fend luch perfon to the common gaol of the couqty, there to remain not leftt than one, nor more than fix months, according as to his dif-pr^Uoa fhall feem beijb j every fuch fine to be levicd^r^

A. D.

* 797-Chap. 61.

The thirty frventb Tear of George III.

diftrels and fale of the goods of the offender, under the >varrant of thejuftice by whom the fame fhall have been im-pofed.	•

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it t^ivc ftof5'08	lawful for every juftice of the peace, by whom any

* scanty, fine ^ impofed, to require the perfon fo fined to give fecurity, himfelf or herfelf in any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, with two fureties for any fum not exceeding ten pounds each, that he or fhe fhall be of the peace and gOod behaviour for two years at the leaft.

Such maybe VIII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon. kept in gaol til (ball be committed as aforefaid by any juflice, fuchjirflic* xxxj, ^VC ^CU" may require h/m to give and procure like fecurity as afore-faid, and to be kept in gaol until he fhall give and procure the (ante; and if any ptrfon required by virtue of this aft to give and procure fecurity* fhall m gh ft or refufe fo to do, filch perfon fhall be deemed an idle and diforderly perfon, within the meaning of all afts refpefting the fame, and may be prefented by the grand jury as fuch, and dealt with ** accordingly.

Jsftice may

CHAP. LX1I.

An A8 to enable Fits Majejly to grant an Annuity to certain Truftees therein ntimed\ in Trvjl for Sarah Hamilton, Widow of the Reverend DoSor William Hamilton, deceafedy and for the Children of the faid Sarah hy the faid Wilnayi Hamilton.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Addrels of

ike commons in favour of the widow and children of doctor Hamilton*,

WHEREAS an humble addrefs frem your Majefty** faithful commons of Ireland, was prefented to his excellency the earl of Camden, lord lieutenant-general and general-governor of this kingdom, befeeching his excellency to lay before your Majefty, the humble defire of your faithful commons, that your Majefty would be giaciuufly pleaf-cd to beftoW fome fignal mark of your royal favour on the widow and children of the late reverend doftor William Hamilton, reftor of the parifh of Clondevadouge, in the dio-cefe of Raphoe, and county of Donegal, who was lately moft cruelly mafiacred on account of his meritorious exertions as a magiftrate, and alluring his excellency, that whatever bounty fhould be through your Majefly’s goodnefo on them beftowed, your faithful commons would make good the fame: and whereas his excellency the lord lieutenant of Ireland, by his mefTage to your faithfw commons, in anfwer to the kid addrefs, hath been pleafed to figoify that he had

been

- The thirty-feventb Tear of George III.	343

been directed by your Majefty, to acquaint your faithful A. D. commons that your Majefty in purfuance of their faid ad- l797* drefs, recommended to your faithful commons, to confider Chap. 6a. pf enabling his Majefty to grant an annuity of feven hun-dred pounds a-ycar, to be veiled in truftees for the iqainte-nance of the laid widow ^nd her childten, during the lifetime of the faid widow, and after her deceafe, to be divided among her children for*their refpe&ive lives in equal portions : and whereas your Majefty’s faid commons having taken into confideration the faid mcfjage, have unanimoqfly agreed to enable your Majefty to grant an annuity to the	^

right honourable Thomas lord vifeount De Vefci, of the kingdom of Ireland, and the reverend Chamberlane Walker, of Rofconnell, in the Queen’s connty, clerk, and to their heirs in trull to and for the ufe and benefit of Sarah Hamilton, widow and reli<5l of the laid William Hamilton, deceafcd, and of her children by the faid William, during the life of the faid Sarah Hamilton, and from and after her death, for the ufe of her faid children, during their refpec-tive liv^s, in equal poitions: now we your Majefty’s irioft dutiful and loy«d fubje&s, the commons of Ireland, in parliament afiembled, duly confidering your Majefty’s moll gracious intention, do mod humbly befecch your Majefty ’ that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majcily, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty to «.	.	«

give and grant to the faid Thomas vifeount De Vefci, and giant Chambeilane Walker, and their heirs, in trull for, and to year for the'withe ufe and benefit of the faid Sarah Hamilton, and her dow and chib faid children by the faid William Hamilton, deceafed, dur- drcn# ing the life of the faid Sarah Hamilton, and from and after her death, in truft for the ufe and benefit of her fafd children, by the faid William, the fame to be divided/among them in equal portions, during their refpe£iive lives, an annuity or yearly fum cf feven hundred pounds (Idling, to be paid and,payable out of the fund, called the confolidatcd fund, any thing in an a£l made in the thirty-third year of bis Majefty’s reign, entitled. An act for the Support of the honour and. dignity of his Afajfy’s crown in Ireland^ and for granting to his Majefly a civil lift ejlablifhmcnt, under certain provisions and regulations, to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

II. riovided nevcrthelefs, and be it enabled, That no Nottoprr-' grant to be made by his Majefty, under the authority of vent hi* Majefly this a&, ftiall extend or be conftrued to extend to reftrain from hig Majefty from making any other grant or penlion which 0 *ra* he may lawfully do under theprovifions of the faid a&.

C H A P.



Digitized b;

viG



A. p,

1797-'

Aildrefi of the common* in favour of the Widow and children of e lev George

Tie tfotyfeventh Tear of George $11, CHAJ>. LXJII.

An ad to enable His Majefy to grant an Annuity to certain 7 rufiees therein named, tn Trufl for ATicia Knife, Widow of the Reverend George Knife, deceafed, and for the Children of the faid George Knife, namely John, George, Frances and Anne.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

TTTHEREAS an humble addrefs from your Majefty** ^ faith All commons of Ireland, was prefented to his excellency the earl of Camden, lord-lieutenant-general and general-governor of this kingdom, befefeching his excellency to lay before your Majefty the humble defire of your faithful commons, that yoUr Majefty would be gracioufly pleaf-ed to bellow fome fignal mark* of yoqr royau favour on the widow and childred of the late reverend fteorge Knipe, re£tor of the parilh of Caftlerichard, in the diocefe and county of Meath, who was lately moft cruelly maSacred on account of his meritorious exeitioils as a magiftrate, and alluring his excellency, that whatever bounty ftiould be through your Majefty *s goodnefs bn them bellowed, your faithful commons would make good the fame ; and whereas his excellency the lord lieutenant of Ireland, by his mcfihjge to your faithful commons in anfirer to the faid iddrefs, hath been pleafed to fignify, that be had been dirked from your Majefty, to acquaint /our faithful commons, that your Majefty in purfuarice of the f:iid addrefs, recommended to your faithful commons to consider of enabling his Majefty io grant an annuity of three hundred pounds W year, to be; veiled in t ruftees "for the maintenance of the faid widow, and the children* of the laid George Knipe, during the lifetime of the faid widow, and from arid after her deceafe, the faid annuity of three hundred'pound* to be divided among faid children fuf their nrTpe&ive lives: and whereas your Majefty’s faid fcommons having taken’into confidential the faid meflage, have unaniraoufly agreed to enable your Mi-lefty to grant an annuity of three hundred founds 'k year lor the ufe and benefit of Alicia Knipe,' widow, and the children of the (aid Geofge Knipe, deteafed, in the moft beneficial manner : now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful anft loyal fubie&s the Commons of Ireland, in parliament affem-tjled, duty confidering yout Majefty** ihoft gracibus idtAi-• tion, do moft humbly befeech yb'ur Majefty, that it ma/ be -inafted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent . v,	...	.	Majefty,

Digitized by

Google

The flirty feventb Tta* of George III.

ftfajcft|, by and with the advice and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefen tparlia-picnt afiemblcd, and bv the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majeity to give and grant an annuity or yearly fiun of three hundred pounds to John Maxwell, of Newtown Barry, in the county of Weiford, efquire, Thomas Knipe, of Church-hill, in the county pf Meath, clerk, and John Heed of the city of Dublin, ef-quire, and their heirs, and the furvivbrs or furvivor of them, in truft for and to the qfe and benefit of the laid Alicia Knipe, and John, George, Frances, and Anne Knipe, the children of the (aid George Knipe, dec^aTed, during the life of the faid Alicia Knipe, in fuch (hares and proportions as to the faid truftees, or the majority of them, (hall Teem mod beneficial for the better provifion of faid widow and children.

II.	Provided always, That the fum to be appointed fpr the provifion of faid Alicia, (hall not be lefs than the fum of one hundred popnds per annum, and from and after her death, in tru’d and for the ufe and benefit of the faid children of the faid George, the fame to be divided among them during their refpeftive lives, in fuch proportion as to the faid truftecs, or the majority of t^iem (hall feem mod beneficial, the faid annuity or yearly fum of three hundred pounds fterling, to be paid and payable out of the fund called the confolidated fund, any thing in the aft made in the thirty-third year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An aS for the fupport oj the honour and dignity of his Majefty's crown in

Ireland% and for granting to bis MajeJly a civil ftfi ejlabl'ijhment vnder certain provifion* and regulations, to the contrary not* withilanding.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted. That no grant that (hall be made by his Majeity under the authority of this aft, (hall extend, or be construed to extend to reftrain his Majeity frpm making any other grant or penfion which |ie may lawfully do under the provifions of the (aid aft.

his Majefty may grant 300I a year for the widow and Childs-

Not left than rooks yea?,

*c.

As herein.



Digitized by v^ooQle

7he thirty-eighth Year of George IIJ

1

'S*6 A. D.

I79^*

The Thirty-eight Year of GEORGE IIT.

CHAP. II.

fin AS for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings ujnr. Information in Nature of quo warranto.

Preamble.

Profecutor may reply to inch pleas.

XTf7TIEREAS it would tend greatly to Secure the free-* * dom of ele&ion, and the quiet, tranquillity and good order of cities, boroughs, and towns-corporate if a certain reasonable limitation of time, were by law eftablilhed beyond which no member <*r officer of any city, borough, or town-corporate, fhould be difturbed in the enjoyment or e$-ercife of hi* office or franchise : be it therefore enaded by the Sing’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tempoial, and commons in parliament affcmbled, That after the firft day of Eafter term, in the year one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-eight, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants to any information, in the nature of a quo warranto, for the exercife of any office or franch ife, in any cky, borough, or town-corporate, whether exhibited with leave of the court, or by his Majdly’s attorney-general, or other officer of the crown, on behalf of his Majefty, by virtue of any royal prerogative, or otherwife, and every of them Severally and refpe&ively to plead that he or they had firft a&ually taken upon thcmfelves, or held, or executed the office of franchife, which is the fubjeft of loch information, fix years or more before the exhibiting of fuch information, fuch fix years to be reckoned and computed front the day on which fnch defendant or defendants fo pleading, fhall have been actually admitted and fworn into fuch office or franchife ; which plea (hall or may be pleaded either fing-ly, or together with and befides fuch plea as he or they might have lawfully pleaded before the palling of this aft, or fuch Several pleas as the court on motion (hall allow; ar,d if upon the trial of fuch information, the iflue joined apou fuch plea (hall be found for the defendant or defendants, or any of them, he or they fhall be entitled to judgment, and to fuch and the like cods, as he or they would by law have been entitled to, if a verdiA and judgment had been given for him or them upon the merits of his or their title.

II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That in every fuch cafe, the profecutor of fuch information may reply to fuch plea any forfeiture, furrendet, or avoidance, by the defendant of fuch office or franchife, happening within fix years before the exhibition of fuch information, whereon



Digitized by *

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

the defendant may take iflue, and fhall be entitled to coflsio manner aforefaid.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons againft whom any fitch information as aforefaid, fhall be exhibited, fhall derive title under an ele&ion, nomination, fwearing into office, or admif-fson by any perfon or perfons, the title of fuch perfon or perfons againft whom fuch information fhall be exhibited, fhall not be defeated or aff:£ed by reafon, or on account of any defect in the title of fuch perfon or perfons fo ele&ing, nominating, fwearing into office, or admitting, in cafe fuch pc. fon or perfons under whom title fhall be derived as afore-fuid, fhall have been in exercife de fpfto, of the franchife or office, (in vi tue of which he or they fo ele&cd, nominated, {wore in, o? admitted) for the fpace of fix years at the leaft previous to the time of filing fuch information, and his or their title fhall not have been queftioned by any legal proceeding, carried on with effc6L

CHAP. III.

An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft faffed m the Thirty fxth Tear of His prefent Majejly’s, Reign, Entitled, n dft for the Amendment of Pullick R^ads, for direft'tng the Power of Grand furies refpefting Prefentments, and for repealing feveral Laws heretofore made for thofe Purpofes, as relates to the accounting for Publick Money in the County of Tyrone.	'

WHEREAS by an a& puffed in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majetty’s reign, entitled, An aft for the amendment of pullick roads,for dtrefting the power of grand juries refpefting prefentments, and for repealing fevered laws heretofore made for thofe purpofes, it is amongfl other thing's By recited a & enafted, That all perfons accounting for publick money at 36 G. 3. c. 55. the afTi7.es of the county of Tyrone, fhall at the affizes at “fi* which they propofe to account, lodge th&r accounting affidavits with the fecrctary of the grand jury, on the day on Which fuch grand jury fhall be fwom, between the hours of nine in the morning and eight at night, and that no accounts fhall be taken into confederation, or pafTed at any affizes held in faid county, by the grand jury, ^hich fhall not be lodged as aforefaid: And whereas the fame has been found inconvenient in the accounting for publick money in faid • county 5 be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mofk excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords

fpiritual

347 A. D. 1798.

As herein.

A. D.

i79&.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parlia, roent affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, the faid claufe in laid recited aft be, aud the Came is hereby repealed*

CHAP. IV.

jfa Act to permit the Importation of Portugal Salt into tbU Kingdom, in Neutral VrJfAsy for a Time therein limited.

YX7HEREAS by an ad pafTed in the twelfth year of ' ’ the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An IteitrsSfons for encoura8ing <**d enereafing of Jhipping and navigate the import*- <*?*» and by other ads now in force, it is among ft other fmiafftU*	things enacted, that no foreign fait (hall be imported into

this kingdom, in any (hips or vefltls, but fuch as are Britifh built, and owned by Britifh fubjeds, and navigated by a mailer, and three-fourths of the mariners Britith fubjeds, and in no other Chips or vefTels, except only in fuch foreign flops or vcflels as are of the built of that country, or place pf which the (aid fah is the production or manufacture, or of fqch port where fuch fait can only be, or moll ufually it fir ft (pipped for tranfportation, and whereof the mailers a’id three-fourths of the mariners at lead are of the faid country or place: And whereas it is expedient under .the prefent circunaftances and for a limited time, that the importation of foreign fait fioin Portugal Ihould he permitted in any neutral (hips whatfoever; be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the Iprdi fpiritual and temporal, and commoos in this prelent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight* and during the continuance of the pie fen t war, it'lhall and may be lawful to , and for any perfou or performs, to import or bri,ng intg thi% kingdom from Portugal, ?ny fait the produce or manufacture of Portugal, in any (hip or vclTel whatfoever, that fhal^ belong to the fubjed or fubjeds of any (late in amity with his Majelly, and fuch fait fhall be imported upon payment uf the like duties, and (hall be fubjed to the like regulations, reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, as fait imported in {hips of the built, or belonging to any of the fubjeds of ^he kingdom of Portugal, any thing in the before mention* yd adj* or any other a>d to the contrary notwithftandipg-



Digitized by

y Google

The thirty-eighth Year of George III,

CHAP. Vll.

349 A; D.

yin A8 to amend an A8 puffed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Yean of the Reign of Hu frefent Majefy, Entitled, An A3 to feeure the Liberty of the Prefs9 by preventing the Abufes arifng from the Publication of traitorous, feditious, Jalfe9 and Jlanderous Libels 9 by Perfons unknown.

*\\T HE REA San aft palled in this kingdom, in thetwenty-* ▼ third and twenty-fourth years of His Majedy's reign, entitled. An off to feeure the liberty of the prefs, by preventing the abufes arifng from the publication oftraitorous 9feditions 9falfe9 and Jlanderous libels, by perfons unknown : And whereas the faid aft has been found infufficient to prevent the abufes of the prefs, for remedy whereof, be it enafted, by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent ’ of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent padiament a (Tern bled, and by the authority of the lame, That no perfon fhall, within the city of Dublin, or ten miles thereof, after feven days from palling this aft, or in any other place of this kingdom, after twenty-one days from the palling thereof, print, or caufe to be printed, pub-lilh, or caufe to be publilhtd, any newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper ferving the purpofes of a newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, before he, (he, or they, and the proprietor and proprietors of every fucli newfpapers, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper ferving the purpofe thereof, (hall have firll given in to the commillioners for managing his Majedy’s damp duties, or their proper officer or officers in the refpcftiye towns, and at their refpeftive offices where damped paper lhall be dif-tributed, an affidavit flgncd by him, her or them, and fvvorn before any one of the faid commillioners, or officers by them appointed for the didribution of damped paper, which affidavit any one of the faid commillioners or officer is hereby empowered to take, fetting forth and containing the feveral matters and things direfted by the faid aft, to be contained in the affidavit thereby described to be taken, (and alfo the real and true name or names of the perfon or perfons to be employed to conduft the manual printing thereof,) and alfo fetting forth the place where fucli newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper ferving the purpofes thereof, ii to be printed ; and until he, die, or they fhall,

together

23 and 24 G. 3-c 28. ha* been found infufficient.

350

The thirty-elghlh 7~ear of George III.

fcerfons who publiihpaper, flee, without

performing re-quifites, Arc. forfeit loot

together with two, three, or four fufficient fecunties, have entered into recognizance before one of the barous of" the exchequer, if the paper is to be printed in the city of Dublin, or a bond if to be printed tlfevvhcre, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, every printer, publifher, and proprietor in the fum of five hundred pounds ilerling, and the fureties in a like fum, conditioned that fuch printer, pub-lilhcr, and proprietor, fhall pay unto his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, all fuch fine or fines, penalty or penalties, as fhall be impofed upon or adjudged againll him, her, or them, under any convi&ion for printing or publifhing anv traitorous, feditious, or flanderous libel ; which affidavit or affidavits, or an affidavit or affidavits of the like import, fhaH be made, figned, and given in like manner, fo often as the property in buy fuch newfpapcr, or other paper as afoiefaid, fhall be altered, transferred, or changed, and as often as fuch printer, publifher, or proprietor fhall change his, her, or their place or places of abode, or printing-office, and as of ten as the perfon or perfons conducing the printing of fuch newfpaper fhall be changed; and which affidavit or affidavits, fhall remain with fuch commiffioners of (lamps, or officers, to be produced as occafion may require, at or before the trial of all fuch a&ions, fuits, prolecutions, informations, or indi&mcnts, as fhall be had or commenced, filed or found, touching fuch newfpaper, or any publication therein contained ; and fuch affidavit fhall be received and admitted in all courts of juftice, as conclufive evideuce of all fuch matters therein, as are hereby, or by any other a& required to be therein contained* againfl all and every the petfon and perfons who fhall have figned and fvvorn the fame, as aforefaid, on the trial of any fuch a&ion, fuit, profecution, information, or indidment; and the proprietor, printer or publifher of any fuch paper, or who fhall have made fuch an affidavit, fhall be confidered, to all intents and puipofcs, as the printer and publifher thereof, until he fhall have given due notice of his having ccafed to be fo, to the faid comnuf-fioners of flamp duties.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That evety perfon or per-fons who fhall print and publifh, or caufe to be printed and publifhed, fuch newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, as aforefaid, or any paper ferving the purpofes of fuch newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, without firft giving in to the commiffioners, or fuch other officers, as aforefaid* fuch affidavit as aforefaid, or without entering into fuch recognizance, as aforefaid, with fuch fecurity, as aforefaid, fhall, for every day that he, fhe, cr they fhall print, or caufe *0 be printed, fuch newfpaper, as aforefaid, without giving in fuch affidavit, as aforefaid, with fu$h fecurity, as

t	afbrcfaid*

The ihirty-etghth Tear cf George III.

aforefaid, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfdn as fhall inform and fue for the dame, by adtion or information, in any court of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill, and (hall be disqualified frrim receiving (lamped paper, for the printing any newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or paper ferving the purpofes of fuch

III. And be it ena&ed, That every printer, publiflier, or Printers Sc.-, proprietor of any newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, davirlV "? ~ dr any paper ferving the purpofes of a newfpaper,'intelli- days after re-gencer, or occurrences, whether fot himfelf, or in trull for quirtdbymm-any bankrupt, or lunatick, fhall as often as the commiflioners miilioners o; ♦for managing his Majefty’s (lamp duties, or any two of them, a.

(hall fee reafonable grounds for requiring the fame, and (hall, by notice in writing, to be ferved upon^any perfon, or ported up at the place where the affidavit hereby dire&ed to be made by fuch printer, publiflier, or proprietor, fhall ftate the faid paper to be printed, require the fame, within ten days after being fo required, give into the faid commiflioners, at their head office, or to their proper officers, in the re-fpe<£tive towns, and at the refpective offices where (lamped paper fhall be diftributed, in the diftrift in which fuch paper lhall be printed or publifhed, neareft to the place where fuch paper lhall be printed, or publifhed, fuch affidavit, and of fuch import as printers, ptiblifhers, or proprietors of newf-papers are, or fliall by any law or laws be directed to make ; which affidavit fliall remain with fuch commiflioners of (lamps, or officers, to be produced as occr.fion may require, at or before the trial of all fuch profecutions, informations, or indictments, as fhall be commenced, filed, or found, touching fuch newfpaper, or any publication ^therein contained ; and fucli affidavit fhall be received and admitted in all coutts of juftice, as conclufive evidence of all fuch mat* ters therein, as are hereby, or by any other a& fhall be required to be therein contained, againrt all and every the perfon and perfons who fhall have figned and fworn the fame, on the trial of any fuch information, or indictment; dnd evety printer, ptibJilher, or proprietor of any fuch newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, whether for himfelf, or in truft for any bankrupt or lunatick, who fhall, when required thereto, a$ aforefaid, negle£V Or omit to give in to the faid commiflioners, or their proper officers, within the time, and at the places aforefaid, fuch affidavit o»- recognizance, as aforefaid, fhall, for every fuch negle& or omif-fion, forfeit and pay a penalty of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon or perfons who fliall fue for the feme, by action, dr information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill, a* the

courts

35* A. D.

. 1

Digitized by

'Google

Service of lent proceCh Audi be fuffi-cient in aU cafes for offences againft this ad.

Perfons wko become kina-ticks of bankrupts, or convicted of pub-itihing libels, &c. ihall be disqualified.

Tie ttirtj-elsltl Year <f George 1IL -	^

fe®o«s of the county of. Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the affia-s in fneb county wheit the printer, pablifhtr, or proprietor of fuch newspaper, in, telligcnctr, or occurrences* ihall refide, refpc&ivfcly, and flUll be difquqlified from pointing or, publifhing any newf-paper, or apy paper ferving the purpofc thereof.

IV.	And be it further cua£ted, That fcryicc at the houfe or place where any newfpaper, or paper ferving the purpofe thereof, (hall be printed or publtihed, of any legal procefj, notice, fummoos* or fulpena, of,.or from any court of juf-tice, or to enforce an.appearance in any fuit or profccution; to be commenced againft any printer* piihlifher, or proprietor of fuch paper, for any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, mifdemeanor or crime, to be incurred or committed under, or againft this ad* or under or againft. any ad now in force, or hereafter to be enaded in this kingdom, for fecuring the liberty of the prefs, (hall be, and,is hereby declared to be good fcrvice of fuch procefs, notice* fum-inons, or fubpsna, upon fuch printer, publiiher, or proprietor ; and that all and every printer, publiiher, and proprietor of any newfpaper, or paper ferving the purpofe of a newfpaper, ihall and may be fued or profecutea by civil bill, within the jurifdidion where fuch newfpaper, or other paper ferving the purpofes of fuch, (hall be punted, for any offence, penalty, or forfeiture, committed or incurred againft this ad, although fuch perfon or perfoms ihall have quitted the fame, and ihould not then refi'de there.

V.	And be ' it enaded by the authority . aforefaid, That if any printer, publiiher, or proprietor, or printers, publifhcrs, or proprietors of any newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper ferving the purpofes of a newfpapdr, intelligencer,", or occurrences, ihall have become* and be found a lunatick, or non com-pos mentis, or (hall become and be found bankrupt, or ihall be outlawed for any crime, or (hall be found guilty, and receive judgment for printing or publifhing any traitorous, fcandalous, falfe, or feditious libel, or (hall be charged by Indidment or information, with having publifhed a traitorous, fcandalous, falfe, or feditious libel, and fhali not within fit days after a copy of fuch indidment or information ihall be ferved upon fuch printer, publiiher, or proprietor, or at the houfe or place of printing or publifhing the paper in which the newfpaper containing fuch libel ihall be printed, fur-render himielf, hcrfelf, or themfelves, to take his, her, or their trial at the then next commiflion of oyer and terminer, quarter feflions of the peace, or aflizes for the city err county where he^ fhe, or they ihall be jndided, ?s aforefaid, or where fuch information, as aforefaidj. is to be tried, every printer and publiiher fo ncglc&ing, (hall, from thenceforth, M difabled to be the printer, publiiher, or proprietor of any

fiewfpafcr/

/

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

neyrfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences ; and the conamif-fioners of (lamp duties are hereby required to refufe to deliver to fuch perfon or perfons ftampcd paper for the purpofe of printing a newfpaper.

VI And be it ena&ed, That if any newfpaper, intelligencer, or occurrences, or-any paper ferving the purpofes of Prc^15 and fuch, (hall be printed at any place whatever, other than the	w}icrc	.

place fpecified in fuch affidavit, as aforefaid, the poffefibr or printed^place* occupier of any chamber, in any houfe in which the (ante nor fpecified In fhall be printed, and the owner of the preffes and types, affidavit, liable or any of the prefies or types by which the fame mail t0 penalties, be printed, and every of them, (hall be confidered, and ficc#ax‘ are nereby declared and enacted to be, to all intents and purpofes whatever, in all fuits and profecutions, the printers and publifhers of fuch newfpaper, or paper ferving the purpofe of a newfpaper, and (hall be, and is and are hereby made liable to all fuch penalties, forfeitures and difabih-ties,^as the printers, publifhers, and proprietors of fuch newfpaper are, or (hall be made liable to by this or any other ad ; and (hall alfo be fubjed to a penalty of five hundred pounds, and to a forfeiture of all printing materials found, or to be found in fuch houfe or noufes; and fuch penalty may be fued for, and be recovered by any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, by adion or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of rccbrd, or by civil bill in the proper jurifdidion.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Magiflratet faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any chief m/iy iifr*e war-magiftrate, in any town corporate in this kingdom, upon rants fcarcb fat is fa dory affidavit of one or more credible perfon or per-

fons, fworn' before a magiflrate, ftating, that a newfpaper has been printed, or is printing, without having the re-quifites aforefaid, performed, and ftating, that he, fhe, or they has or have reafon to believe, that fuch newfpaper, or other paper ferving the purpofe thereof, was, or is printed or printing in any houfe or place fpecified, to iffue his warrant or warrants, to any perfon or perfons he fhall think fit, and he is hereby required fo to do, to fearch for, and fcize upon the printing-prefs, and all printing materials ufed, or to be ufed as aforefaid, and to caufe the fame to be lodged in feme fecure and fafe place, for fure keeping, there to remain until the fuit for fuch penalty, as aforefaid, fhall be detei mined ; and if the party or parties to be fued for fuch penalty, fhall be thereof convided, thereupon, to caufe fuch printing^naterials to. be deftroyed, and rendered ufelefs.

VIII.	Provided always. That if fuch penalty (hall not If penalty not ‘be fued for, with due diligence, oi if judgment* fhall be fued ior uU*-

a^ainft the perfon fuing for the fame, the printing-picffes Vol. XI.	Z	and	nu*y

' \

Owners of

1

354	iinHy-cigbtb	Year	of	George"	III.

As 1). And types (h all be reftored to the owner thereof, and he flfia 1798.	be entitled to have his a&ion of damages, againft the perfos

Chap-- 7.	upon whofe information the fame were fdzed, unlefs the

/judge, before whom the penalty (hall be feed, certify that « there was reasonable ground for the information. er« r( ftarnn*,"	; IX. .And be it cna&ed by the authority afore (aid, Thai

' fliall take affi-	it fhall be lawful for any of the coromiffioners of damp

^avit without	duties^ or for fuch other officer or .officer* by them appoint-

^	ed, or to be appointed, for the, djffyibutiod of damped pa«

per, as aforefaid, to take fueh affidavit and affidavits, is aforefaid, which affidavit or affidavits (hall be fo made and

iaken without fee or reward ; and if any perfon feaff wiffoliy wear any fuch affidavit or affidavits* ana that the fame or . any part thereof, (hall contain a falfthopd, every fuch perfon to fwearing any fuch affidavit or affidavits, containing fuch fal&Hood, (hall, upon due cofiviAfon of fuch offence, inCur, and fuffer fuch penalties forfeitures^ and difabOitie?, as perfotts oonv&ed of Wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable and fubjeft to.	.	r

Srtrtped ptpct	X, And be it ena&ed by fee authority aforefaid, That no

for ncwfpajnr*, officer appointed for didributiftg (lafhped v$Hum, parchment &e. delivered as or paper, in this kingdom, (hall fell or- deliver any damped herein*	paper for printing any public ncwfpaper, intelligencer, dr

recurrences, to any perfon. until the requifites herein before preformed in that behalf fliall have been fird performed* Upon pain *f forfeiting his office, and being incapable for jl* >	-•<	dver of ferving therein.	—

XI.	And be it enabled by the mitbontf aforefaid; That paper?	™ cafe anT Perfon or perfons, (hall fed, hawk, carry about,

kguily ftamped utter, or expofe to fale, any newfpapcr, or any book, pamph* committed un- let, or pap ct decided or condrucd to be a newfpaper. with-* left they difeo- jn {ntcnt or meaning of any of th'd a£h or parliament ver the priutcrs, rc|atlng t0 fee damp duties now in force, or hereafter to be enabled, not being damped or marked, as in .the (aid ads is, or (hall be direfted and appointed, it (hall and may be lawful for any judice of the pe?ce, to coffcmit every fuch offender, be ng thej*eOf c^nrided before him, by his or her Co> foffioo, or by the oafe of one or more credible wttnefs or witn^fTes, or upon the Wetr of foch juft ice, to Any con:-' moil gaol within his jUiifdt!lion, for any time not exceeding three tfionthn, nrtr left than One week, tinlefs he, i! e, or they fhall difoover the perfon or perfons who print-fdtheftime, or frcih whom he, lie, (he or they, rceived th° ftud newfpaper, book, pamphlet, or paper ; and it (half and may be lawful for any per.on to feizc,‘ apprehend, and Catry before any judice of the pr^ce of the count yy city* or placfc where (uch offence (hall be committed, any fuck perfon fo offending as aforefaid.	*

XII.

I

*Thc thirty’-eiglth Yea* tf Gebfge lit,

Xf I. Anji for the purpofe of facilitating the proof of the publication of any newfpaper, and the matter therein Coi> tained, be it enatted by the authority afbrefaid, That upon all trials of informations or indictments for the printing or publication of libels, and on all trials of a&lons for the lame, any qewfpaper, intelligencer or occurrences, - r ary paper ferving the purpofe of a newfpaper, Intelligencer, or Occurrences, of the fame title as that for nrhich the prlfo->ier, traverfer, or defendant, refpe&ivcly, (hall be regiftered, at the ftamp office, as printer, proprietor, or publilhcr, (hall be fufficient evidence to go to the jury upon fuch trials, that fuch paper was printed and pubitfhed by fuch perfon fo regiftcred, and to prove the fad of printing and pub-lifhing the	unlefs	the	defendant in fuch mdiftment,

information* or aCtion, (hall (hew in evidence, to the fiU tisfa&um of the jury, that fuch paper Was not printed or publiihtd by him.

Xill. And be it cnaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the feveral grand juries .\Vithin this kingdom* to prefent any public newfpaper, intelligencer or occurrences, or any paper ferving tlie purpofe of a newfpaper,, intcl’igencer or occurrences, in which publications of a feditiout nature (hall, from time to time, have been printed in their refpedive counties, as a. public and common nuifaqce; and that if fuch presentment (hall not be traverfed, or if traverfed* *nd a vcidid (hall be given for fuch prefeptment, then the (heriff or fheri^fs of fuch county, city or town, where fuch pref$ntment (hall hnve been found* (hall abate fuch puifance, by feijeing the print* injgpre&$, utenfils, typ:S, papers and materials, ufed or employed, or intended, to be ufed or employed in print? ing fuch newfpaper, and that fuch printers and proprietors lhall bt from thence forward disqualified from being the printers or proprietors of any public newfpaper whatever^ within this kingdom.

XIV.	Provided always, That Jt (hall be lawful for any printer or proprietor of fuch nCu-fpaper fo prefented, to travcHe fuen prefentment in the fame term affixes or feffign a* which the ffitne (haH be found; Provided alfo, that if .the trial of tjie faidtraverfe (hall be put off by the Codrt, upon the application of the traverfer, until a fubfequent term, aflizes or fejlion, that then fuch traverfer (hill enter, alto fuf* Hcient recognizance, that fuch newfpaper (hall nut^tapriiit* ed ih-the mean time.

XV.	Provided always, Thfct* notice in wilting, ’ftating that the grind jury of fiich county, city, or towp, wffl be applied to, to prefent fiich newfpaper, as aforefaid,'(hall be fe'^jrd on fome peifon in the office, or polled on. the

:gtopr of the office where iuch paper (hall be printeip^gub-

Upon a(l trials, any newfpaper, &c. of the ume title as that regifttred fufficient evidence of prin^ ing, Sec.

G. Jurisi may prefent nc\tf-paper* as r*ui-tinccs, At.

Printers m»y tmveril prefix, t-mert*. iu latn«e term,

8 Pay* notice to piinur, Ac.



C.. 3gle

j5$	The thirty •eighth Tear of George III.

liihed, tight days at the lead before faid prefeutmefct (hall

be found.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it eftafted, That nothing contained in this aft (hall extend, or oe conftrued to extend to the Dublin Gazette, or to the printer, publiiher or. proprietor of the fame.

XVII.	Provided always, That this aft (hall continue in force for two years and to the end of the then next fdSoa of parliament, and no longer.

. /

CHAP. VIII.

An Ad to continue an Ad PaJfcl^ m Ase Thirty feventh Tear of His Mayfly's Reignt Entitled, An ad fur the better Pre-vention and Punfhment of Attempts to feauce Perfons fenving in His Mayfly's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Mayfly, or to incite them to Mutiny or DiJobedience.

It is expedient	HEREAS	it	is expedient to continue an aft pafTed

to continue the VV in the thirty-feventh year of his.Majcfty’s reign, cu-37 Geo. 3. c. titled, An Ad for lie better prevention and punfhment of at• fwtheKaf-	tmpts to/educe perfons fervirg in bis Majejy’s forces by fra or

<»1 bis Majcfty’s htndtfrom ^:etr	allegiance	to	his Mayfly, or to incite

lorces.	them to mutiny or difjbed ence, be it enafted by the King’s moil

excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi itual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft (hall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feihoR of parliament, and no longer.

C H A P. XI. ,

An Ad to continue an A& pajfed & the Thirty feventh Tear of His Majefty's Reign, Entitled, An Ad for colliding and Jc-curing His Mayfly's Revenue upon Malt.

The malt aft TX7HEREAS it is expedient to continue an aft paffeji of 37 G. 3.	in the thirty-Ceventlf year of his Majefty’s Reign, en-

c- 33> continued titled, An ad for colleding and fccuring his Mayfly's revenue t0 JUI!C» , upon Malt; be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Ma-je%» by and with the advice and confent of the Jorda fpi-

Not to extend to Dub Gazette.

In force two years, and to the end of next fcUion.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent .parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid fhajl be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-mne, and from thence to the end of the then ne$t feffion of parliament, and no longer.

357 A. D. 1798.

CHAP, XII.

An AS to continue an A3 puffed In the Thirty-feventb Tear of His Majefiy's Reign, Entitled, An A3 for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, andfecuring the Duties payable thereon.

Y7f/HEREAS it is expedient to continue an a& paffed Coffee a& yi f in the thirty-feventh year of his Majefiy’s Reign, 37 Geo. 3. c. entitled. An aft for regulating the import, export, and fate of 5 2, continued-coffee, and fecuring the duties payable thereon ; be, it ena&cd to *4 JUXJC» by the King's mod excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid atk fhall be, and con-

1799, and end of next feflion.

tinueto be of force for one year, from the twenty-fourth day of June, Qne thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and no longer.

CH^P. XIV.

An A3for continuing an A3 faffed la the Thirty-feventh Tear of His Majefiy's Reign, Entitled, An 3 to empower the Lori Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain fuch Perfons as he or they Jhall fifpeC for confpiring againjl his Mayfly's Perfun and Government.

WHEREAS a traitorous and deteftable confpiracy having heen formed for fubverting the exifling laws and conftitution, an a£l palled in the la<l fefiion of parliament, entitled. An ad to empower the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain fuch perfons as he or they Jball fufped for confpiring agaiafl his Majefiy's Perfon and government; and whereas it is nc-

ceflary

Recital a&

37 Geo. j. c.

I. continued to i Jan. 1799, and end of next fefiion.

Digitized by Google

35®	Tht	thirty-eighth Teat of George III.

A.	D.	ceflary for the public fafety, that the fa id recited aft (hooU

1798.	be continued, be	it enafted by the King’s moil excellent

, t—Majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord*

fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parlia> | ment afftmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft (hall be,	and continue to be of force from the pai-

fmg of this aft,	until the firft day of January in the year

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and until the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CHAP. XVI.

An A3 for continuing an AQ paffed m the 'Thirty-third Tier ef His MajeJlyfs Reign, Entitled, An A3 for efahlfnngtu Regulations refpcStng Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rejident therein, in certain Cafes, and fubyefts of this King asm who have ferved, or are fervtng in Foreign Armies; and for continuing another Ad pajjed in the Thirty Jixth Tear of hois prefent Majejhy, Entitled, An A3 to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Anmunkm into this Kingdom, and making, removing. Jelling and leep-mg of Gunpowder* Arms and Ammunition without Li-eenfe.

RedfctWlitn* \X7HEREAS it is expedient to continue ap aft palled and gunpowder . *	*" th<" thirty-third year of hit Majefty’a reign, to-

aA, *6 Geo. 3, titled, An 3 for ejlahlijhing regulations refpeding aliens ar-i on tinned si riving io this kingdom, or reft dent therein, in certain cafes, end htKlri.	fuhjeits	of this kingdom who have Jervtd, or are fervtng m |

foreigri armies ; and alfo another aft palled in the thirty-• fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An a3 to prevent the importation of arms, gunpowder and ammunition into this kingdom, and making, removing, felling and keeping of gunpowder, arms and ammunition without iicenfe; be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent, by and with the advice $nd confent of the lords fpiritupl and temporal and commons in tin's prefent Parliament affenibled, and by the authority of the famd, That the faid feveral afts (hall be, and continue to be of force frpm the palling of this aft, until the fcrlt day of January, which will be in the year one thoufand ^feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end bf the thtn next feflion of parliament.

CHAP.

/

jitized by Qoqsle,

The thirty •eighth Tear of George III, CHAP. XIX,

jt* d8 for indemnifying fucb Per font as have aded Jince the Third Day of Jtdy9 intbe Tear One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety feven, for the Prefervation of the Public Peace9 ami SvppreJJton of the InfurreSigns prevailing in Jome Parts of this Kingdom,

WIE&EA3 fioce the third day of July, is the year one thousand feven hundred and nincty-fcvcn, leve-ral parts of this kingdom have been difturbed by treafon* able infurrediont and daring outrages again ft the publick peace, and the li,ve* and properties of many peaceable and faithful fubje&s have bc.en deftroyed, and feveral of his Majefty’s juiligcs of the peace and oU»ey ofliccis and per* fons, in order to preferve the publick peace, the lives and propeities of his Majefty’s faithful fubjc&s, and to fupprefs and put an end to fuch infurre&ions, have apprehended foveral criminals and perfons fufpe&cd of aiding and affift-ing in the faid in fur rediops, and of promoting riot and tumults, and of harbouring evil deflgns again ft his Majefty’s government! and feized arms, and entered into the houfee and poffcflions of federal perfons, and done divers other a&s not juftifiable by law, but which were yet fo much for the publick fervice, and fo necefiary for the'fuppreiling of fuch infunyedion*, and for the preservation of the publick peace, that the perfons by whom they weie tranfa&ed ouglit tp be indemnified; be it therefore cnaded by the King’s molt excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual, and temporal, and commons in this pre- All aSliom, fent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame,' jj**-for nvatten that all perfonal adions; fuits, indi&ments, informations, j^c ^ attachments, molestations, profccutions and proceedings fupprefiion ot° vhatfoever, judgments and orders, if any be aguinft the infurre&ion*, faid magiftrate.s and perfons, for, or by reafon of any mat-d fcharge . ter or thing, commanded, appointed, or done iince the third day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, in order to fupprefs the faid infurredions, and for the prefervation of the public f»eace, or for the fafety of the (late, (hall be discharged and made void; and that every perfon by whom any fucto&, matter or thing, (hall have been advifed, commanded Appointed or done for the purpofes aforefaid, (incc the third day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, (hall be freed, acquitted and indemnified, as well sgamft the King’s ,	Majeiiy,

Go( e

$6o	The	thirty-eighth	Tear	of George III.

A. D.	Majefty, hi*9 heir# and fucceffors, as againft: all and erery

1798.	other perfon and perfonsf and that if any profecutions,

action or fuit hath been, or (hall be commenced or profecutcd againft any perfon, for any fuch a&, matter, or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done fo? the’ purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, he or {he may plead the general iffue, and give this a & and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hdl become non-fuit, or forbear further profecution, or fnffer difcontinuance, or if a verdi& pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant *	or defendants fhall recover bi% her, or their double cofls,

for which he, fhe, or they {hall have the like remedy, as in cafes in which colls by law are given to defendants.

Double eo(It	II* Provided always, That double cofts ftnll not be given

pot to be given in cafes where a v*rdi& fh’all pafs, unlefs the judge or judges vnlefc judge ccr- before whom ther trial fhall be had, certify that there was a reasonable ground, notwithftanding this adt, for bringing the aftion.

CHAP. XX.

yfn jifl to Jlorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majefty, His Heirs and Sue-eeffbrsy that the Parliament Jhall meet, and he bolden for the Difpatch of Bufwefs, ana more effectually to provide for tlx meeting of Parliament, in Cafe of a Derrdfe of the Crown.

WHEREAS it i~ expedient to (horten the time now required, for giving notice of the royal intention of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, that the parliament fhall meet and be holden for the di (patch of huiinefs 5 he it therefore ena£ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by And with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual imd temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affem-l>led, and by the authority of the fame, that whenever his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be pleaftd, by and with 14 daysnotice t^ie advice of the privy council of his Majefty, his heirs or cF meeting of fucceffors, to iffue his or their* royal proclamation, giving parliament, i’uffi- notice of his or their royal intention that parliament fhall cicnt&c.	meet	anc^	ke	Golden for the difpatch of bufinefs on any day

beipg not lefs than fourteen days from the date of fuch proclamation, the fame fhall be a full and fufficient notice to all perfons of fuch the royal* intention of his Majetty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the parliament fhall thereby fiand prorogued to the day and place therein declared, not-

withftanding

Digitized by LjOOQle

*The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

xvithftanding any previous prorogation of the parliament to any longer day, and notwithftanding any former law, ttfage, or praftice, to the contrary.

II.	Aqcl whereas by an aft made in the firft year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An ad. to .continue the parliament for the time being, on the demife of his ft id Majejly, or any of his heirs or fuccffors, for the (term of fix months from the day of the faid demife, and hkewife to prevent the publish funds from expiring during faid term, it is amongll other things enafted, that in cafe there is no parliament .in being, at the time of the demife of his faid Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, that hath met and fat, then the laH preceding parliament (hall and may convene and fit, and be a parliament, to continue as therein is mentioned, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame parliament had never been diffolved, but fubjeft to be prorogued and diffolved as therein provided : And whereas great inconvenience may jmfe from the faid provifion ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that fo much of the faid aft as is herein before recited, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the demife of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fubfequent t6 the diffolution or expiration rof a parliament, and before^thc day appointed by the writs of fumirions for aflembling a new parliament, then and in fuch cafe, the laft preceding parliament fliall immediately convene and fit at Dublin, and be a parliament, to continue for and during the fpace of fix months, and no longer, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame parliament had not been diffolved or expired, but fubjeft to be fooner prorogued or diffolved by the perfon to whom the crown (hall conie, remain, and be, according to the afts fot limiting and fettling the fuccefiion to the fame.

IV.	And be ft further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the demife of any fuch his Majefty's heir or fucceffor, within the faid period of fix months, limited for the duration of the faid laft preceding parliament, and before the fame, fhall have been diffolved by fuch his Majclly’s heir or fucceffor, or after the fame (hall have been fo diffolved, and before a new parliament fhall have met, in the manner herein after provided, then and in every fuch cafe, the faid talk preceding parliament (hall immediately convene aud fit, and continue to be a parliament to all intents and purpofes, for and during fix months longer, to be computed from and immediately after fuch laft mentioned demife ; but fubjeft to be fooner prorogued or diffolved by the perfon who fhall then fucceed as aforefaid, to the crown, and fo a9

Recited clatiCe I Geo. a. Sec.repealed.

If the demile of his Majefty happens between the expiration of a parliament, and the meeting of a new one, then the late parliament Ui ail convene, dec.

What it to * he done in cafe of the deim r. of his iVlajefty’s lucceffor within 6 months, and before a new paruinent meets.

Digitized by

Google

Xb* thirty-eighth Tear qf Gtoffcc III.

often as any fuch demife (hall happen before a new parliament (hall have met, in manner herein after provided.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiatd, tfdcmifthap* That in cafe of the demife of hi* Majefty, hit heir* or M^MrhaineBt fuccefTor*, on the day appointed by the writ* of fuaunofif **j*fi*	for calling and aflemming a new parliament, or at any time

after fuch day fg appointed, and before fuch new parliament (hall have met and fat, fuch new parliament (hall im-mediately after fuch demife, convene and fit at Dublin, and be a parliament to all intent* and purpofes, to continue for and during the term of fix months, and no longer, but fub» to be fopner prorogued or diffolved a* afrrcfipd.

c H a p. XXI.

0

An AS for continuing an AS pajjbd in the Thirtyfseth Tear of Hts Majefty*s Reignf Entitled, “ An a8 more effeBu* “ ally to Jutoprefs Injutre3ionef and prevent the dtfturbance “ of the public Peaceand alfo, an AS fuqffed in the Thsrtjfcvcuth Tear of Hie Ma/efty*s Reign^ Entitled* An aS to explain an aS, poffed in the thirty fixth Tear of *4 his Majefty*e Reign, Eutitled, An aS snore effcSseally to

u fUpprcf* JnfurreSioM, 0(td prevent (he Hjjhrhamee of ** the public React?)

fvcaaihW,	fT 7 HEREAS traitoiouainfurrtlUon* having for fome time

V V paft arifen in various part* of this kingdom, principally Promoted and fupported by perfon* aflbeiating under the pre» tended obligation of oatlu unlawfully adminiftejned, an alfc parted in the thirty-fixth year of hi* Majefty** feign, cn« titled, Au QS more effe&uallv to Jupprefe infurrcSionr, antf prevent the difturbancf of toe public peace, and an a& paf» . fed in the thirty-feventn year of hit Majefty’* reign, entu fled, Au aS to explain an aS pqffed in the tbirty-fixth year of his Majefty*l reign, entitled. An aff snore effectually to fug* prefi infurrecfiQne, and prevent the dfurlatice of the puSBe peace t and whereas it is negertary for the public fafety, that the faid recited aUs fhould be continued : be it entiled by the King’* mod excellent Majefty, by and with the ad. vice and conftnt of the lord* fpiritual and temporal, and common* in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the faid all* (hall be, and continue to be of force from the parting of this a&, until the flrft day of January, in the year one thoufand (even hundred and ninety nine, and until the end of the then next MBon of parliament.

II. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

The Airty •eighth Tear of George III.

561

il*. And be it further ejia&ed, by the authority alore* A, D« faid, That in cafes where 4ny perfon or perfons hav^ been, 1798* before the palling of this att, or fhall be during die time Chap. 4$. 'this ad (hall continue in force, *rrefted, committed, of de- U«VSj tained in cullody, by force of a warrant or warrants of Perjbftt l«* his Majefty’s moft honourable privy council of th>s king- ****** dom, figned by fix of the faid privy council, for high trea- c^Scll,

(on, fulpicion of high-treafon, or treafonable practices, Of* nuybe detsbed by warrant or warrants figned by the lord lieutenant or chief as herein, fecretary, for fuch caufesaa aforefaid, it (hall and may bt lawful for any perfon or perfons to whom fuch warrant Or warrants have been, or (hall be directed, to detain fuch perfon or perfons fo arrefted or committed, in his or their cuftody, in any place whatever within this kingdoiA; and that fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch warrant or warrants have been or (hall be direded, (hall be deemed and	v

taken to be, to all intents and purpofea, lawfully authorized to detain in fafe cuflody, and to be the lawful gaolers and keepers of fuch perfons fo arrefted, committed or detained \ and that fuch place and places where fuch perfons fo arrefted, committed or detained^ are or fhall be detained in cuftody, (hall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes to be lawful prifons and gaols, for the detention in ' fafe cuftody of fuch perfon and perfons ; and that it (ball and may be lawful to and for tne lord lieutenant of this kingdom, for the time being, by warrant figned by him* or the phief fecretary of fuch lord lieutenant, by warrant

Ted by fuch chief fecretary, for his Majefty’s privy coiin-of this kingdom, by warrant figned by iix of the faid privy codapil, fr im time to time, as occafion (hall be, to change the perfon or perfons by whom, and the place in wbicn fuch pevfon or perfons fo arrefted, committed or detained, ftiall be detained in (afe cuftody.

lit. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That copies CoptoftfwiN of fuqh warrants, refpedively, (hall be tranfmitted to tht ranu to be trariN clerk of the crown, and (hall be filed by him in the public	to

office of the pleas of the crown, at the city of Dub- 0 c*oWa#

lio.

TV. And be it enafted, That if any juftice of the peace, Perfons In * pr other perfon authorized by the warrant of fuch juftice, whofe pafle&b* * (hall, in any proclaimed diftridl, find any arms or aAmunr- I*®***8- arVj tion, or any pike, pike-head, fpcar, dirk, or any other of* fenfive weapon of any kind whatfover, in the honfo, or power, or poffeflion of any perfon whatfoever concealed or otherwife, after the perfon or perfons inhabiting the (aid houfe, or the perfon or perfons who (hall have the fame fa in ppfleffion, (hall have been called upon to deliver up the fame, and lhall have omitted or refufed to deliver Up the

iam**

t

Digitized by

/

3®4

A.

• 1798.

Juflire*, flee, mny fearch for pike a, 6cc. at herein.

Smith* eon-vide<l of nuking pikes, &c. wrhont liccufc, to he transported.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

(am*, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall be deemed a dtfiwv derly perfon within the meaning o£ the faief acl, and fhall be dealt with accordingly.

V.	And be it further cna&ed, That it ffcall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of any county, city, or town in this kingdom, or for any perfon authorized by the warrant of any (uch juft ice, to fearch for pikes, pike-heads, daggers or dirks, in any houfe or place where Inch magif-trate (hall have reafonable ground to fufped fuch weapons to be ; and if any. fuch (hall be found, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch ntagiftratc, or the perfons fo authorized, to feize, carry away, and deftroy the fame, and the perfon or perfons in whofe pofleflion, Cuftody, or keeping fuch weapons (hall be found, being thereof fummarily convi&ed on oath, before two jufticcs of the peace, (hall and may be fent to ferve in his Majefty’s army or navy, in the fame manner, and by the like orders and rules, in every refpetf, as difoid^rly perfons are by the faid a&s dire&ed to be fent to ferve in the army or navy : provided always, that every perfon fo to be convi&ed, fhall have the like power of appealing to the next quart?** feflions, and under the like rules and conditions as perfons adjudged to be disorderly perfons have by the faid a&s, and no other.

VI.	And be it enadled, That any fmith or other perfons who (hall make or aflift in making any pike, pike-head, dirk, dagger, fpear, or inftruments, ferving for pikes or fpears, without a licenfe from the mafter-general, lieutenant-general, or furveyor-general of the ordnance, fhall, being thereof duly convi&cd, be adjudged a felon, and be transported for feven years : provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrucd to extend to any perfons having or making fuch weapons as aforefaid, in the jfervice, or for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef. fora.

C H A P. XXII.

An Af for improving and repairing the turnpike Rond leading from the City of Cork, to the Brook which hounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the Foot of Kil-worth . Mount ain9 and for repeating the fever at Laws heretofore made, relating to the faid Read.

The foregoing. "C XT HERE AS the feveralafts of parliament following, ae\s arc hereby . \\ that is to fay, an a£t pafled in the fifth year of repealed, fo far reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, en-

JDigjjfcfdj



The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

titled, An aft for repairing the Road leading from the city of Corky to the brock which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain ; an a& paf-fea iu the feventh year of his faid late Mujefty’s reign, entitled, An aft for making more effectual an aft, faffed in the only as they fifth year of the reign of his prefent Maiefly King George the rc^c to tod freon cl, entitled, An aft for repairing the road leading from roa^* the city of Coi'k, to the brook which hounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; an adl parted iu the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty King George the third, entitled, An act for amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain, and from thence to the road leading from the town of Clcnmell, in the county of Tipperary, through the io<t&n of Clogheen, Mitcheflown, and to Dcneraile, in the county of Cork, and for making additional truf.ees for the turnpike road between Kilkenny and Callan; an acl parted in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his' faid prefent Majefty, entitled.

An aft for altering, amending, and continuing and making more effcftucd an act made in- the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled. An act for amending and repairing the road leading from the City of Cork, to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near thei foot of Kilworth mountain, and on to*

Knockboy turnpike gate, and other purpofes, are found by experience to be ineffectual for the purpofes thereby intended ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent _

Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the loida fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid fe-veral adts, and all and every the powers and authorities, articles, rules, penalties and claufes therein contained,

(except fuch parts thereof as repeal or alter the feve.al acts therein recited), be, and the fame are hereby repealed* and made null and void, fo far as they in any wife relate^to the faid road, but not otherwife.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Names of com-bis grace the duke of Devonfhire, the carl of Shannon, the miffioncrslar earl of Cork and Orrery, the earl of Kingfton, the earl of todr«*ui. Clauwilliam, the earl of Mount Cafhel, the earl of Inchi-quin, lord vifeount Middleton, lord vifeount Boyle, the right honourable William Brabazon Ponfonby, the right honourable Colville Moore, the honourable William Moore, the honourable Robert Moore, Denham Jephfon, efquire,

Arthur Hyde, enquire, Peter Carey, efquire, Henry Mit-	»

chell,

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.

Kot to ft* untie * heretofore paffed.

RUAion of mopiffionert,

chefl, efquirc, Edmond Roche, efquire, George Bowk, efquire, Nicholas Green Evans, efpuire, Richard Aid worth, efquirc, William Love, efquire, Thomas Moore, efquirr, John Hennefly, efquire, Bartholomew 0‘Donoghoe, cf-quire, John Anderfon, efquire, William Auderfon, efquire, Thomas Power, efquire, Henry Fortefcue, efquire, Richard Peard, of Coole, efquire, Kingfton Power, efquire, Edward Hoare Reeves, efquire, reverend Zachary Cooke Col* lis, fir Samuel Rowland, knight, reverend John Fortefcue, Peter Maziere, efquire, Peter Carey, junior, efquire, William Dobbyn, efquire, Samuel Me. Call, efquire. Frauds Woodley, junior, efquire, William Crawford, efquire, Richard Peard, of Peardmount, efquire, John Hyde, eiqujre, James Millerd, efquire, William Price Peard, efquire. Char* les Widenham, efquire, fir James Lawrence Cotter, baronet, Broderick Chinnery, efquirc, Peard Harrifon Peard, enquire, Henry Bowles, efquire, Richard Croker, efquire, John Nafon, efquirc, Arthur Giffard Brabafon, efquire, William Croker, efquire, reverend Ch rift mas Paul Wallis, John Peard, efquire, Edward Croker, efquire, John South-cote Manfergh, efquire, Richatd Martin, efquire, and Arthur Luca9, efquire, be, and are hereby appointed com-(niffioners of faid road, beginning at the city of Cork, and ending at the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain; and the fcveral perfons herein before named and appointed as com-miflioners, and fuch perfon and perfons as (hall be defied a commiflioner or commilfioners of laid road, from time to time, during the continuance of this aft, and thole appointed by them in purfuance of this aft, and none other, (hall have full power and lawful and abfolute authority to do, execute, and perform all and every the matters, power*, and provifions in this aft contained, for the benefit and advantage of faid road.

III. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing herein contained, (hall deftroy or diminifh fuch fecurities or contrafts, as have been heretofore pafied, for money due to the fakj truftees of the (aid road, or any of them, and which are hereby declared to be veiled, and are accordingly veiled in the faid laft named commiflioners, for the purpofe of carry-* >ng this prefent aft into execution, or fuch fecurities, con-trafts, or other engagements, as hate been heretofore pafTed, pr entered into, and remain afttfally due by the faid former truftees, to the creditors or perfons holding the fame, or entitled thereto, upon the faith of the faid fcveral afts of parliament.

TV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this ad, in cafe any of

the

Digitized by

Google

%

The thirty-eighth Year of George f II.	jfifl

the (aid commifiioners (hall happen to die, or by writing un» A. t)* der.his or their hjind and fed, refufe to ad as commifiioners 179$. under this ad, that then and in fuch cafes it (hall and may Chap. it 9 be lawful to and For the faid commifiioners* or any thirteen \*~*~>r*+*J pr more of them; during the Continuance of this ad, to eled in room of Attk in the room of fuch perfon or perfons fo deceafedf or re- m die, or reft^s fufiiig, and fo on from time to time, one or more fit and * j** able perfon or perfons, to he joined with the furviving com- eft 18 miilioners, in the execution of this ad, fo as that the whole number of the faid commifiioners, (hall amount in number 4o fixty, and no more J and that a meeting or board (hafi btf had, of any thirteen or more of the faid commifiioners, the firft Monday in any month, for thy ele&ion of fuch period 6r perfons, after the palling of this a& j and that tht faid tommifiioners (hall aflemble between the hours of twelve and two o’clock in the afternoon, on the firil Monday in the next, or any fticceeding month, after the palling of this fcd, at the town of Fermoy, in the county of Cork, of -Which the treafurer of the faid road, fhall give due notice ; and the faid commiffionera (hall adjourn themfdves, and af> berwards meet there, or at any other place or placet, on of near the faid road, as the faid commifiioners, or any thirteen or more of them fhall think convenient) and if it (hall happen that there (hall not appear at any meeting or board fo fo be had, or which (hhll be appointed from time to time to he had or held by the faid Conlmfflioners, a fufficient nun** ber of commifiioners to ad at fuch meeting, or to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe, the faid treafurer fhall have power, and is hereby authorized to adjourn the faid board or meeting, to any houfe or place convenient to faid road, on that day fortnight, upon which fuch lad meeting or board was appointed to have been held, and of which adjournment, fuch treafurer is hereby required to give due

notice*

V.	Provided neverthtlefs, That previous to fuch eleftion, after every fuch vacancy (hall have been declared as aforefaid, notice of the time and place of holding eVery fuch election, figned by the faid treafurer, (hall be publifhed in one of the mod publick ilewfpapers of the city of Cork, and (hall be alfo poded upon every pay-gate erected, or to be ereded ort faid road, feven days previous to the day appointed for fuch cledion.

VI.	And be it further cnaded by the authority rforefiiid, That any five or more of the fan! commiflioners’, (had be deemed a fufficient board, to do and perform any ad of deed neceflary for faid road, in purfuance of this ad, not herein ot-hefwife fpecialiy dirc&ed agd pointed out to be done by a greater number.

Vtt. And

Notice of

ele&ion to M poded and hiked*

4	emtirnUKaa* ers to ctmdiutt* a board*

Digitized by

Google

*Thc thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

VII.	And be it further enaftcd by the authority afore, faid, That the majority of any thirteen or more, but no letter number of the faid commiffioners who (hall affemble at any meeting after the patting of this aft, purfuant to notice to be given as aforefaid, (hall and may appoint a treafurer a: a yearly falary not exceeding fifty pounds iterlfng, and (hall and may from time to time remove any filch treafurer, and appoint another treafurer in his (lead, arid in cafe of the death or resignation of any fuch treafurer, (hall and tray in like manner appoint another treafurer, and fo from time to time as occafion (hall or may require.

VIII.	Provided always, That every perfon who (hall be rity to be given appointed treafurer, before he (hall be capable of afting as by treafurer, £tc. fuch, fhall give fecurity, to be lodged in the chief remembrancer’s office of tlic Court of exchequer, in a fum not leu than one thoufand pounds, for the faithful difeharge of his office, and for his duly accounting for and paying all money he (hall from time to time receive as treafurer, as any thirteen, or more, but no letter number of the faid comraimoners af-fcmbled together, puifuant to this aft, (hall direft and appoint, for the ufes and purpofes herein after mentioned; and every fuch treafurer (hall keep fuch books of account, and in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners, or any thirteen, or more of them, from time to time, at their faid meetings, (hall direft or point out.

13 or more	IX. And to keep the faid road in repair the more efiec-

conumffioners, tually, be it er.afted by the authority aforefaid, That any thirteen-, or more, but no lefTer number of the (aid com-dividTroadInto miffioners, (hall and may, and they, or a majority of the adiviiions. faid number, or cf any greater number, who (hall affemble at any meeting purfuant to this aft, are hereby authorized and empowered to divide the faid road into two dirifious, if they (hall deem it neccfiary.

Commiffioners X. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That *ar«^o b ^(U ^roin ani* a^t<jr Pa^n8 thi* aft, it (hall and may be (miked0aodmay ^awia^ to an<^ f°r lhc faid commiffioners, or any thirteen, or build or hij e toll more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall an* boufes, and ap- thorize and appoint, to cftabliffi or ereft, or caufe to beefta-point perfon- to bliftied or erefted one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon herci^ ^ * ** anc* acro^s anY Part or paits of the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfc convenient to every fuch pay-gate, and at every fuch pay-gate in each of faid divifions, by fuch perfon or perfons, as they, or any thirteen or more of them, (hall appoint colleftors or gate-keepers, to demand, receive, and take the tolls and duties following, before any beaft or carriage (hall "be permitted to go through the fame, and at every fuch pay-gate to affix and ereft a Schedule of the faid tolls and duties, to be painted on a board or boards in legible

charaftcrs.

|68

A. D.

1798.

Chap. 22.

iflajority of 13, or more commiffiooerv, may appoint a treasurer.

loool fecu-

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

V %

characters, that is to fay, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaile, phaeton, cabriole, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix or more horfes, or other beaftfy the fum of two (hillings .pnd twopence, if drawn by three or four horfes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and feven pence halfpenny, if drawn by tw^ Horfes, or othef beads, the fum of one (hilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horfe, or other beait, the fum of fix pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or other carnage, with two wheels, drawn by one or two beads, (except cars, or other carriages, drawing turf, com in Iheaves, and hay to the hay-yard of the perfons living ad- \ jacent to the faid road, and not for fale,) the fum of fix pence halfpenny ; for ever)' wain, cart, or other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by three or more beads, the fum of erne (hilling and feven pence halfpenny; for every car, truckle, or other carriage, drawn by one bead, the fum of two pence; for every other horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, leaden, or unloaden, the fum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence by the fcoie, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer numbej; and for every drove of calves, (heep, lambs, or pigs, the fum of ten pence by the (core, and fo in proportion for any greater or leifer number.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Charge* fo*' faid, That from and after the palling of this a$, and during dage coaches, the continuance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid collectors or gate-keepers, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, to demand, receive and take, at each and every pay-gate aforefaid, for every ftage coach and other carriage, plying or conveying perfons for hire, which (hall convey at any one time, upon any part of faid road, more than fix perfons within-fide, or more than four perfons befides the driver upon the outfide of any fuch coach or other carriage, the fum of live (hillings and five-pence, for every horfe qr other bead drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein before directed to be paid, every time fuch coach or other carriage (hall pals through any of faid gates.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by tne authority afore- ijcommif-faid, That it (hall be lawful for any thirteen or more qf miiuonersmay faid commifiioners, who (hall affemble at any meeting pur- *ltcr on fuant to this aCt, to alter the fituation of all or any of the °* roa*S &c* pay-gates, within any of the divifions of the faid road, and to add fuch other pay-gate or p&y-gates, on and acrofs any part or parts of the pjefent lW thereof, or of any new line or lines of road which (hall be mad? purluant to this a Ct, as from time to time they (hall think neceflary or expedient, and to build, hire, or rent a toil-boufe for every fpeh pay-	v

gate, and there by their collectors or gate-keepers, fo to be Vol. XL	A	a	f	appointed

A. D.

1798.* Chap 22.

Toljfto he paid but ouce a day in each divifion.

Other patten* how to

pay.

Cattle, Sri. how regulated.

Toll* where to be taken.

Toll* maybe levied by dlitre! •<

The thirty-eighth Year of Gqprge III.

appointed as aforefaid, to demand, receive and take, the tolls and duties, which by this a St they are herein before ait* thorized to demand, receive and take.

XIli. And be it further ena&ed, That no paflenger or pafTengers with the fame cattle and carriage, (hall be liable to pay any of the (aid tolls or duties, more than once in any one day, within the fan\e divifion, on the contrary that every paflenger or^aflengers, who (hall have paid toll once in any one divifion, lhall be permitted during the remainder Of the fame day, to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the fuecceding night, to pafs and repafs toll free, through every pay-gate in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage, on producing a ticket of his having before on that day paid fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required, refpe&ing the fame, which ticket every colle&or is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll he is htreis before entitled to demand, upon prin of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiflion orre-fufal, on being convided thereof, before any juflice of the peace of the county irr which the offence lhall be committed, or before any two of the faid commiflioners, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine fuch complaint, and toad* miailler oaths for that purpofe.

XIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein tiontained,

lhall exempt or cxcufe any other paflenger or paflengers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage, for which toll hath been fo paid as aforefaid, on the contrary eveiy fuch other paflenger or palfengers (ball be fubjeft to pay toll, even though travelling with the fame cattle and carriage, for which toll had been befSre paid on the fame day and io th« fame divifion.	*

XV.	Provided alto, That the fame cattle awf carriage for which toll hath been before paid, lhall not on returning without paffengers through the fame divifion in any one day, be liable to the payment of toll a fccoird time.

5CVI. And provided alfo, That it fhall not be lawful to erc& any pay-gate, or to demand, receive, or frfke any of the faid tolls or duties, nearer to the city^of Cork than one mile, or nearer to the towns of Ratbcorrrtnck* Fermoy, or l\ilWorth', in the county of Cork, or to cither of them than half a mile, any thing herein before to the contrary in 2ny wife notwiihllanding.	„

XV1L And be it further enafled by the authority afore-faid. That if any pafTenger or pafTengers lhall at any' pay-gate of the faid road, refufe to pay the toll to which he, Inc, ot they is, are, or (hall be fubjeff purfuSnt to this fcft, it (hall be lawful for the colle&oror gate-keeper thereof, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, to levy the faid toll by 1	tfftrri#

Digitized by

Google

I

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

diftrefs of the bead or beads, or carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this a5 irnpofed, or upon the goods or chattels of the perion or perfons who ought to p>ay the fame, and to detain fuch bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, until fuch toll, with the rea-fonable colls and charges of fuch didrefs fusil be paid ; and if the fame (hall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for fuch colledor or gate-keeper, to fell tjie didrefs by pubiick au&iori, at any time after the expiration of the faid four days, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand, after deducting the faid toll, and the full expence of fuch didrefs and fait.

XVlIl.	And be it flnrher enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (Jiall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any bead or carriage, through any pay-gate of the faid road, without paying the toll b) tbis act required, or without producing fuch ticket as aforefaid, or (hall know4ngly or dcfignedly aflault, interrupt, or obftruct auy of the faid collectors or gate-keepers, in collecting or receiving any of the faid tolls, or otherwife in the execution of his or thqr faid employment, or (hall injure any pay-gate, toll-h^ufe, globes, lamps, mile-ltoues, fchtd.ileof tolls, or other ab(tract, which purfuant to this aCt, or by order of the faid commillioiiers, (hall be erected or placed upon or near the faid road, or any part thereof, or (hall interrupt any overfeer acting by order of the faid commidioners, in the execution of any part; of this a6t, or (hall force, counterfeit, alter, deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or perfons, any note or ticket with intent to dVoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thereof, every peifon who (hall be convicted of fo doing, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any judicc of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, or before any two of the faid commidioners, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten poundsJlerlingi; and it (hall be lawful for every of the faid collector* or gate-keepers, and all and every other perfon or perfons by him or them required to afiill in that refpeCl, to feize the beaft or beads, carriage or carriage*, and the goods thereon, of the ptrfon or perfons fo offending, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before fuchjullice of the peace, or two commidioners, who is and are hereby authorized and requiVed to enquire into, and determine the faid complaint, and to admiijitter oaths for that purpofe ; and if the party or parties fo conviftcd, (hall not pay the faid penalty, together with fuch toll as (hall be due, it Ihall be lawful for fuch juflice or two commi(boners, and he and they is aud arc hereby required by warrant under his A a %	or

37*

A. I).

1798. Chap. 2a.

penalty cn perfoHn who pafs forcibly, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

i

aot. penalty for permit; ing beads or carriages to pafe through any land, to avoid tolls.

The thiriy-eigbb Tear of George III.

or their hand and feal, or hands *ud ftals, to caufe the bead or beafts, carriage or carriages, or goods fo diftiaintd to be fold, and out of the money hereby arifing to pay the faid penalty and toll, together with the charges attending fitch diftrefs and fale, to be ascertained by fuch juftice or two commifiioners, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of fuch dill refs, or to the per-fon or perfons in whofe care or pufieflion the fame refpec-tivcly was or were when feized, and if diftrefs fufficrent for payment of faid penalty, toll and charges, fhall not have been feized, fuch juftice or fuch two commifiioners (hall and may, and he and they is and are hereby required to commit the perfon or perfons fo convi&cd to the common gaol, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs he or they (hail fooner fully pay the faid penalties, toll and charges.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afort-faid, That if any perfon or perfons, owning, renting, or oc-cupying any land near unto any pay-gate ereded or to be creeled in purfuance of this ad, (ball for gain* reward, or otherwife knowingly or wilfully permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to pafs through any gate, pafiage, or way, on hiq or their land, with any beafl, cattle, or carriage, to avoid the payment of the toll to which fuch bead, cattle, or carriage, would be fubjed on paffing through any pay-gate on the faid road, and be therccJ convided upon oath of any one credible witness, before any two of the faid commiflion-ers, or any juftice of the peace of the county wherein any fuch offence fhall be/ committed, every fuch peifon (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale qf the goods and chattels of fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, or two commifiioners, rendering the overplus, (if any) after deduding the faid forfeiture, and the charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, to the owner on demand.

XX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

I^Hivc^or as 0t ** an<* may	^	commifiioners,	or	any

htrsin.	thirteen	or	more	of	them,	who	fhall aflemble at any meeting,

purfuant to this ad, to eled and appoint a fit and proper perfon to ad as a furveyor of the faid roadj who fhall report in writing from time to time, upon oath to the faid com-mifiioners, as often as thereunto required, the iiate and condition of the faid road, and of the turnpike-gates* bridges, and fewer# thereon, and w hat repair fhall appear to him to be neceflary to the faid road, bridges, and (ewers, or any part thereof; (aod on fuch furvey, or laying before the board an affidavit, to be by him from time to time fworn before a juftice of tke peace for the county, that he hath properly

and

Commiflion-

«

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

mud diligently attended ^ and difeharged bis duty), 16 appoint fuch falary to be paid to fuch furveyor, for the true and faithful performance of his office, as they fhail fit, not exceeding the annual fum of twenty pounds.

XXL And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Expences faidj That the treasurer or treafurers who (hall be appointed inenrredby this purfiiant to this ad, (hall, out of the money tuarife by the t*

(aid tolls, in the firft place pay the expences of procuiing	*

this ad, and (hall alfo from time to time, pay all other no-ceflary cofts and charges which (hall he incurred by cairying the fame, and the feveral claufes, powers, and prqvifoet thereof, from time to time, into due execution, during the continuance thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Commlf-

faid, That the faid commiffianers, or any thirteen or more	mAT.let

of them, who (hall affemble at any meeting purfiiant	1C

to this ad, (hall and may, from time to time, by pub- *

lie cant, demise and make a leafe or leafes of the faid tolls of the faid road, or of any part thereof, to the higheft and beft bidder or hidders, for any term they fliaU think proper, during the continuance of this ad, and (hall and may alfo, from time to time, by public caM, contrad with any perfon or pcrfgns who (hall be the bell bidder or bidders, for the repair of the faid road, or of ai>y part thereof, for fuch term as they iha.ll think proper, riot exceeding the term aforefaid.

XXIII.	Provided always, That notice of the intention to ^tiec cf da-demife the faid tolls, or any part thereof, or to corn rad for mj(e con. the repair of the faid road, or of any part thereof, (hall be tia& potted 14 printed ia the Cork newfpaper, and potted on every pay- day* befors. gate of the faid road, fourteen days previous to every fuch

demile or contrad-i

XXIV.	And provided alio. That every perform who (hall Security to become tenant to the faid tolls or any part thereof* or who be given by coo* (hallcontrad for the repair of the faid road, or any part triors or te-

thereof, (hall give feciuity to he approved of, by thirteen qr more of the'faid com million trs, and to be lodged, with fupcn the treafuxer of the faid road for payment of fuqh rent* or the performance of fuch. contrad, as he or, they (hall con-trad or agree to pay, and not otherwise.1

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Commiflioiu faidr That the faid commilfioners or any thirteen or more ^r^oveTuw of them, w.ho. (hall aifcmble at any meeting, purfuant U> agcnu

this ad, (haH ajid may by writing under their hands and feals* from time to.time, appoint a law" agent or attorney for tranfading the law bufinefs neceflary to be tranfa&ed; under this ad, and (hall and may from time to time, remove any fuch law agent or attorney, and appoint another

law

Digitized

ed byG(30gIC

The thirty eighth Tear of George III.

law agent or attorney in hia fleac^ and in cafe of the death or resignation of any fuch law agent or attorney, /hall and may in like manner appoint another law agent or attorney, and fo from time to time, as occafion ihall or may require, and from time to time to order the treafurer of the bid road to pay the faid law agent or attorney, his bills of coft, after they (hall have been taxed by the chief remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, and not other-wife ; and the receipt of fuch law agent or attorney for the fame, (hall be a fufficient voucher for the faid treafurer on pn.fBng his account with the faid commiflioners.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority ed*to r*nr^°,nt- aforefeid, That all and every perfon or perfona, who (hall roads, Sec. from time to time be appointed by the laid commiflioners to repair the faid road, or any part thereof, and fuch perfon or perlons who (hail be by them for that purpofe employed, fhall have full power and authority to dig forf fearch, raife, and b^rry away all fuch gravel, Hones, fand, 6r other materials, which fhall or may be wanted for the repair of,the faid road, and for carrying off the water, and to prevent its injuring the faid road, to make drains in or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manfion-hOufe.

SatiVafltcn t6 XXVII. Provided always. That fuch perfon or perfons owners of lands fo appointed to repair, /hail from time to time make fatif-jujured.	fadlion	to the owners or occupiers of the land, for the

damage he, (he, or they fhajl thereby fuftain by private compact, after Inch damage fhall have been fultained ; or in .cafe they fhall difagree with refpedl to the amount thereof, then that fuch damage fhall be affeffed by three fubflantial houfe-bolders of the county wherein fuch damage fhall have arifen ; one to be named by each of the parties, and the third by any neighbouring juftice of the ^pcacc, which perfons fo to be nominated, fhall be fwom by fuch juR ice to be appraifers of fucli damage, and to make a true ^ eflimate thereof to the beft,of their fkill and judgment, without favour to either party ; provided always, that nothing herein contained ihall authorize any perfon to lay out, or make a new road throughout any part of any demefne, or deer-park, or to widen any old road into any demefne or deer-park, or to fearch for gravel or other materials in any demefne cr deer-park, without the confent of the owner being fir al ob rained in writ jug tindefr his hand, d. penalty for XXVIII. And be it $na£ted by the authority aforefaid, tobftruaing per- That any perfon dr perfons who fhall obfbrudt or prevent inns in digging, any perfon appointed by, or adling under the faid com mif-fiqners in repairing the f^id road or any part thereof, from

diggings

Power* of



The thirty-eighth Tear of Geotge III.

digging (or, raifing or (Rawing away gravel. Hones, fand, or other materials neceffary for fuch repairs, or from making fuch drains as aforefaid, {hall upon con vision by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any one juffice of the^ peace of the county in which fuch offence fhall have been committed, or before any two of the faid commiffioneri, forfeit for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by the warrant of fuch juflice, or two commiflioners, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender or offenders, together with the charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, -to be afcertained by fuch juflice or* two commiflioners, rendering the overplus, (if any) to the owner on demand*

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon who fhall turn or make way for any water to go upon any part of the faid road, or into trenches by the fide of any part of the faid road, without jirff having made a fufficient drain or drains %o carry off fuch water, fo that it (hall not injure any part of the faid road, or who fhall pull out, remove or injure the foundation, or any other part of any bridge or fewer, or any wall or fence, to any quarry, pit, hole, river, or water-courfe, or who fhall injure any mile-Hone or dire&ion-pofl, or who ^hall b&ild any boufe, or part of a hoqfe, within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the faid road; or who fhall build any wall, or make any ditch within thirty-five feet of the centre of any part of the faid road ; or fcho fhall build any wind-mill within one hundred yards of any part of the faid road, or who fhalj rempvc any of the materials which fhall be prepared for filling any ditch or part of a ditch, or who fhall deflroy or take down any part of the backs or banks, which are or fhall be railed between any part of the faid road, and the drains and trenches on either fide of the faid road, or who fhall make or have any way or paf-fage from the faid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or pafTage, ?s deep as the drain or ditch over fuch way or pafTage of breadth and height, fufficient to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pafs, or who fhall burn or fuffer to be burned, in his or her lands, bricks, lime, weeds or vegetable fubfiance for afhes, within «ne hundred feet of the centyp of the faid road, every perfpn fo offending fhall for every fuph offence, upon being convided thereof, by confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, before £ny juflice of the peace of the county wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, or before any two of the faid commiflioners, or upon the view of fuch jullice, or two commiilioneri, forfeit the fum of five pounds; and * '	*	that

Perfons who turn water to iujurc road, or injure bridges, fewers, walls, fences, mile-fton^s, &c. to be liable to penalties as herein.

Digitized by

Google

376  A. D.  1798. Chap. 22.	The itirty-#ghth Tear of George III.  that any perfon who (hall keep or have in his or her pode£ fion, any cur dog, madiff, or bull dog, at any houfc within fifty yards of the faid road, without a block of wood of fiv« pounds weight at the lead, fattened to the neck of every fuch dog, or who (hall winnow, or lay out for winnowing any corn on the faid road, or within fifty feet of the centre thereof, or who (frail lay any draw, dung, or rubbifh, on the faid road, or who (hall ferape the gravel or ftones from off any part of the faid road, or who thall fcouT. or dig any pit, ditch, or drain, or lay any turf on any part of the faid road, or who. (hall leave on any part of the faid road, be* tween enedofure and enclofure, or permit to be left thereon, oppofite or near to his or her hoqfe, any carriage, plough, or harrow, without having the bead or beads for drawing the fame, harneffed thereto, fave and except fuch carnagA as (hall be a&ually travelling with a paffenger or paflcngers,cr luggage,the property of paflengers which (frail dop tochange hones, and which (hall not continue more than one hour1,  . or fuch carriage as (hall have been accidentally broken down and cannot be removed without repair, or who (hall fet or plant any fored trees, or the feed of any fuch trrt, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the faid road, or who (hall breakdown or injure any foot-path on any part of the faid road, or who (hall ride, lead, or drive any horfe or other bead on any part of any fuch foot-path, or who (hall injure any horfe-block, or any other thing which (hall be made, ere&ed, or put upon any part of the faid road, for the ufe thereof, or for the convenience of travellers, or who (hall fpread out any linen, blankets, or cloth for winnow-ing, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, or who (hall beat or dry any flax, or leave arfy timber, floneii, fand, clay, lime, or other matter on the faid road, except for the ufe of the (aid road, or who (hall leave or permit to be left, the carcafe of any horfe or other bead, or (hall (kin the fame, or permit it to be (kinned within one Hundred yards of the centre of the faid road, fave in a houfc or place endofed with walls five feet high at the lead, or who (had lead or drive on any pait of the faid road, any car or car. riage, with timber, boards, or iron, laid acrois, fo thal either end thereof (hall project beyond the wheels or fides of fuch car or carriage, or on which (hall be laid any beams, timber, or plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or on carts or common cars, fo placed together, that fuch “beams, timber, or plank fhall be laid length-ways thereon, or who (hall drag any timber, or mill-done along any part of the faid road, without being fupported by wheels from touching the fame, or who (had erect any fign-poft, may-pole^ may-bulb, or any turf Hack,

Oil

p

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

on any part of the faid road, every perfon fo off ndinjj;, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, upon feeing convi&ed thereof, by the conftflion iff the party, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any fuch juftice of the peace, or two commifGoners, which penalties and forfeitures, with the coftsaqd charges attending fuch conviction, to be ascertained by fuch juftice or two commilRon^rs,

(ball be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or two eoiu-jniflioners, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand.

XXX.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore- All matted faid, That all turf, dung, dirt, draw, rubbifh, (lanes, gra- laid ou road, yel, fand, lime, potatoes, corn, grain, cars, carriages or (hall befor(cited* timber, which (hall be laid on the faid road, (hall be, anq.

the fame are hereby declared to be forfeited to the commif-fioners of the faid road, and (hall be by their, or any of their order, fold, or other wife difpofed of, as they, or any of them (hall think fit, for the ufe and benefit of the faid road, and not otherwife.

XXXI.	And Be it further eqa^Vd by the authority afore- w	.

faid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of pulled dawn, the peace of the county, or for fuch perfon or perfons as &c.

by warrant under his hand aqd feal he (hall authorife for that purpofc, to pull down cjnd level any wall, or pait pf a wall, and to fill up any drain or ditch, which (hall be built or made within thirty feet of the centre of any part of the faid road, aftci the palling of tjiis a&f or that (hall be built after any new line (hall be laid out; and to lop or top all branches overhanging, or which (hall over-bang any part of the faid road, and ty take and carry away the fame, if t^e owners or occupiers (hall neglect to pull down or level' fuch wall, or to nil up luch drain or ditch, or to cut down fuch branches, for twelve	-s

days, after one month’s notice in writing (hall be previoufly given for that purpoft , under t!;e hand of any magift ratc; and if after fuch notice ’as aforefaid, the owners or occupiers (hall neglect fo to do, fuch juftice, or fuch perfon or peifona as by warrant under his hand and feal he ft d} ajirhorife, (hall and may take up any way or paffage leading from the laid road, into any adjoining held or lipid, which (hall obftrudfc the free paffage of water, and to re-m^ke the fame, by building a gutter, fewer, or arch thereon, of a liifficient depth, and tofeour and clean all drains for carrying off the -w iter,tp prevent its injuring the faid road ; and to pull down and remove any fign-poll, which (hall be erefled contn.r ' to mis a& ; and to levy the expence of fo doing, hy tin diftr *fs and {ale of the godda of the owner or occupier of the finds wherein fuch way, paffage, draiir, bu.V.s or branches luall

Digitized by WjOOQle

J7>

A, D

‘798-

Chap. *».

Houfes or lime-kiln* bu’Jt contrary to this 8Ct, may be

gulled down.

£)rWeri of C*r», %V-c. who wilfully obftrudt raffage*, *c. forfeit *c» if ft *r tiers, W |OS*

li nuu

t*erfons who

rcfift thi# aft (hall he fined from $1. to jt>l.

k

The thtrtj-dghth Ytar of George IIL

be, rendering the overplus, (if any), to the owner on demand,

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefajd, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or fuch perfon or perfons as by warrant under their hands and ftals they, or any thirteen or more of them (hall authorife or appoint, to pull down, or caufie to be pulled down, any houfe or lime-kiln, or any part of either, which (hall be built contrary to this aft, and to levy the expense pf fo doing, by di(Irefs and falc of the {roods of the perfon w-bo (hall caufe the fame t& be ere&ed, if after two mouths notice in writing (hall be prenoufly given* to the perfon who ere&ed the fame, he, me, or they, (hall retqfe or negletfl to pull down the fame ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog, which fhall be kept contrary to this ad, vjtfyopt t»cing f^d or profccuted for fo doing.

XXXIII.	And be'it further enaded, That if any per-cpn in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, (hall by any ncgligtnce or wilful mifbehavionr, hinder or obftrud, or interrupt the paffage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty’s fubjeds on the faid road, or being unloaded or empty, (lull refufe or neglcd to turn afide, and make way for any coach, carriage, chaifp, loaded waggon, can, .car, dray, or other carriage being loaded, every fuch perfon fo offending, on being convided thereof by Kjs own confeffion, or by the 05th of any one credible wi’tnefs, before any juf-Uce of the peaep of the county where fuch offence (hail be committed, or any two commiflioners of the faid road, (hail for every fuch offence, if the owner of fuch carriage, fo. fcit the fum of twenty (hillings, and if not the ownef thereof, the fum of ten (hillings, and on non-payment thereof, (hall by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jufticc or two commi0ioner6, be committed to the gaol or houfe of corie&ion of the county wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, unlefs fuch fine (hall be focner paid, and every fuch offender in any of the faid cafes, may without any warrant be apprehended by any perfon whatfoever, and be by him conveyed or delivered to a con-ftablc or other peace officer, to be conveyed before fuel} juflice or two commiflioners*

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall refill or forcibly oppofe any perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of this a&, or (hall affault any collc&pr of the tolls in the due execution of hh or their office or offices, or (hall

refeue

%

Finis, Ace.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

refcuc or attempt (p refeue, any cattle, carriage, or other goods that fhall be diflrained er feized by virtue of this ad, or if any conftable, or fiib-con liable (hall refufe or negled. to execute any warrant to him direded by any juflice, or any two commiflioners, purfuant to this ad, every perfpn fo offending, on being convided thereof before any juflice of the peace, or any two of the faid commiflioners, by his, or her own confeflion, or by the oath of one credible witness, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the difcretioU of fuch juflice or two commiflioners, and if fuch fine (hall not be immediately paid, fuch juflice or two commiffioaers is and are hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, of the county wherein the offence fhall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceedihg fix months, unkfs fuch fine (hall be fooner paid.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority

aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed not particularly purfuant to this aft, (the manner of levying and applying dueCfed, fliall whereof are not hereby particularly direded) (hall and may	^

be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by

warrant under the hand and ftal of any two of the faid commiflioners, or of any juflice before whom the offender fhall he convided, or the offender fhall be committed by * fuch juflice or two Commiflioners, by warrant under his or their hand and fed, or hands and feals, to the common gaoi ©r h dii fa of corredion of-the county where the offence fhall „ be committed, there to remain without bail or taainprixe, for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty fhall he fooner paid : and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty when paid, fhall be applied by . fuch juftice or two commiflioners, in rewarding the party of parties by whofe evidence the offender or offenders fhall be convided, and the tonftables or other perfons who fhall fee affifting in fc.cb convidion, partly to one apd partly to the other, as fuch juflice or two commiflioners fhall deem proper.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority 4 cumnflffi* aforefaid, That any two commiflioners of the faid road, and ooers°* every juflice of the peace of the county, fhall have power m * within his jurifdidiqn tq adminifter all oaths which arc

hereby required or direded, or which maybe neceffary for the p urpole of carrying this ad into execution*; and if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully affirm or fivear falfely, every fuch perfon fhall upon convidion, fuffer the pains and penalties

Digitized by

The thirty-eighth Tear of Gcorgt III.

nalticft enaftetk againft perfbns guilty mf wilful aod corrupt

perjury* ‘

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That io all cafes where any oath is preferibed oc mentioned in this aft, the affirmation of the party if a qoa-kcr, fhell be fufficient in the place of fuch oath*

Diftrefr not XXXVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority darned unlaw- aforefaid, That no diftrtfs to be taken, or fum or fums of money to be levied purfuant to this aft, (hall be deemed unlawful, nor (hall the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpafiers, for or on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, or of any irregularity which (hall or may afters wards arife, but the perfon or perfons who '{hall or may be aggrieved by fuch irregularity, (hall and may recover full fatisfaftion for the fpecial damages he, (hc9 or they (ball thereby fuftain by aftion on the cafe.

AllVaidroad	XXXIX And be it further enafted by the authority

{hall be fubjclt aforefaid, That every part of the prefent line of the kid to the power* road, and of any new line or lines of road, to be made pur-pf thu a& on y. fUjmt t0 t^;g a&# (hall be fubjeft to the powprs of this aft, and to no other law \yhatfoevcr.

Commiffion-	XL. And be it further enafted, That every cxxmmigio®*

m, &c. (hall	Qf t^c	roa(j> an(j cvery overfeer who (hall be by them

^rc e pow-	(hall in refpeft to the faid road, have the like

powers and authorities as overfeers appointed under the aft of the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majeily’s reignt entitled. An aS for the amendment of fublick roadr, for <£-reBing the power of grand juries refpe&mg prefentmenU, and for repealing feveral la%tu heretofore made for thofe put-pofes.	i

Xj^I, And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any thirteen or more of the faid commiffioners to agree with the feveral proprietors and occupiers, and other perfana intcreftcd in the feveral lands, tenements, buildings, houks, grounds, or hereditaments, adjoining to any part or parts of the faid road, they (hall deem neceflary to be widened, altered, or (hortened, for fo much of fuen adjoining lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as they (b^ll deem necefiary to be added to the faid road, and with the confent of fuch proprietor, occupier, or perfon intcreiled to afeertain, deferibe, and fet apart fuch part or pads of filch adjoining lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, ot hereditaments as they (hall deem neceflary for carrying the faid road in new lines kfs hilly and more convenient a\od fafe for travellers houfes, aod to fence fuch oew lines on,

both

Commiffion* m may agree with propri&t tors.

As herein.

Digitized by

Google • ______r.



\

The thirty-eghth Tear of George lit.

l>ot1i fides, thereof, A) as i& open the fame, to be and remain a part or parts of the faid road from thenceforth, and that from the time fueh new Gne or lines of new road fhall he made and opened, the perfon or perfons who was or were occupier or occupiers of the ground to be fet apart for fuch new line or lines of road, fhall and ifiay from thenceforth hold and enjoy fo much of fuch old road as fhall be altered or changed, m fatisfaclion and exchange of the'ground* XO he made tile of, in making fuch new li le or lines, if the fame perfon or perfons is, are, or fhall be the occupier off occupiers of both the old and new line or lines to be fo altered and changed as aforefaid, and that from the time fuch new line or lines of road fhall 6e fully completed, fuch perfon or perfons as are or fhall be the occupier or occupiers aa aforefaid, fhall and may at his, her, or their expence, anclofe and fence up fuch part or parts of the old road fo to

changed, and the fame fhall not be liable to be again laid open- «

XLIh And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for all bodies politick, demifed, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, admin iftrators, truftees and guardians, committees or other truftees, not only on behalf of themfelves, but alfo on behalf of cejlui que trufts, infants, or iftie unborn, luna-ticks, idiots, feme coverts, or other perfons, and for all feme €overts feized in their own right, and for all perfons having an eftate for life only, with remainders over, and for all and every other perfon or perfons whatfoever, who is or (hall he feized, poffeffed of, or interefted in any ground, which fhall be neceffary for the purpofe aforefaid, to demife, leafe, or convey for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or during their refpe&ive interefls, to tbe commif-fioners of the faid road, by private agreement with any thirteen or more of them, or by the valuation of a jury, ai herein after dire&ed; and all leafes, fales and conveyances, * which (hall be fo made, (hall be enrolled in the chief remembrancers office of the court of exchequer^ within iix months after executing the fame, and when (o enrolled, (hall be valid to all intents and purpofes, any law, ftatute, or nfage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof, in any wife not with (landing ; and all feoffees in trult, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees or truftees, corporations “^aggregate or foie, vand all other perfons, are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (nail do, by virtue of, or in pursuance of thifc a&.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- tQ feid. That if any fuch owner, proprietor, occupier, com- demi e, Ac. ttiltee, body politick, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or after ootice, 4	,	foie.

Lands may be



Digitized'

•byyCjJ OOjglg

A< D,

4

Tbf tbirty^gbih Tear of George III.

foie, executor, adminiftrator or guardian, or any other per* fon or perfons in any wife interefted in any fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds or hereditaments, not being an orchard, yard, or planted walk, lawn or avenue, after fourteen days notice in writing fhall be per tonally given to, or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their dwellinghoufe, or houfes, or place or places of abode, or	|

at the head office or foffices of fuch body politick, corporate or collegiate, or at the houfe of the tenant in poffclfion of I fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds or hereditaments, except as before excepted, fhall neglcdt or refufe to demife, leafe, or convey any fuch lands, tenements, houfes, grounds and hereditaments, part or parts thereof^ or their intereft therein, for the purpofes aforefaid, or by reafon of abfence fhall be prevented from treating or agreeing for the fame, then, and in all or any of fuch cafes, the (aid commiflioners, or any thirteen or more of them, fhall caufe it to be enquired into, and afeertained by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men, of the county, wherein the lands and tenements lie, which oath any thirteen or more of fuch commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to ad min filer, what annual rent fhpli be paid, or what rccompenfe fhall be given to fuch owner, occupier, proprietor, or other perfon or perfons interefted for, or upon account of the widening the faid road, or any part or parts thereof, or for laying out, or making any new line or lines , of road through his or their lands $ jind for that purpofe the faid commiflioners, or any thirteen or more of them, aie empowered and required from time to time, as there fhall be cccafion, to fummon and call before the faid jury, and to examine upon oath, any ptrfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall be thought neceflary or proper to be examined as a witnefs or witneffes, touching or'concerning the premiffes; which oath any thirteen or more of the faid commiflioners, are hereby empowered and required to adtninifler, and at the defire and requeft of any party, fuch jury fliall view the place or places in queftion, and fhall ufe all other lawful ways and means, for their better information in the premiffes *f and after the faid jury fhall have f'o enquired into, and afeer-tnired what annual rent, or other rccompenfe fhall be paid or given, any thigeen or more of the faid commiflioners, ji ay p.ccept of, and execute a leal’c Sr leafes for fuch rent, qs fhall be agreed upon/ or as fliall be afeertained in manner at >refaid ; or in cafe the premifTes are to be purchafcd, may thereupon Jaccept % conveyance thereof, and order and adjudge the fum or fums of money fb agreed upon or aflefTed by the jury, as for annual rent, or for fuch purchafc or pur-tbafts {9 be paid to the perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements^

The thirty eighth Tear of George III.

Hements, bufldings, houfes, grounds or hereditaments \ every of which agreements, conveyance, verdi& or inquisition, and the order and adjudication to be fo had and made thereon, fhall and may, at the inftance of any thirteen or more of the faid com mi (hoiiers, be enrolled in the chief remembrancer’s office of the court of exchequer in Ireland* and fhall be final and Conclufive againft all parties or perfons whatfoever at law in equity, Of otherwife claiming, or to claim in poffeflion, reverfion, remainder or otherwife, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and fucceffors, as well abfent or prefent, infants, feme cotertt, idiots, lunatics* and perfons under any difability, bodies politick, corporate* collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as all other perfon or perfons whatfotver; and every fuch owner, occu* pier and proprietor, and all and every perfon and perfons in-tefefled interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes* or hereditaments fo demifed or purchased as aforefaid* (hail thereby be fropi thenceforth, to all intents and purpofes, fubj.e& to fuch leafe or leafes as fhall be made thereof, or if fold, fhall be diverted of all rights,- claims, iatefefts or property of, in* to* oi out of the fame; and for the fumffton-ing and returning of fuch jury smd juries, the faid com* iniffioners, or any thirteen or more of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, to iffue their warrant or warrants to the fheriff of the Gounty, in which the faid lands (hall be, thereby requiring him to impannd, fumraon, and return an indifferent jury, of not lefs than twenty-four perfons, to appear before any thirteen or more of the faid commiflicJners, at fuch time and place, as by fuch warrant they fhall appoint, of which time and place, fuch notice to be ferved as aforefaid, fhall be given to ail perfon and perfons interefted, fourteen days previous to the meeting of fuch juryJ and the faid fheriff is hereby required to impannel, furrtruon, and return fuch twenty-four perforin accordingly, and out of the perfons fo impannelled, fuinmoned and returned, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear, the faid commif-fioners, or any thirteen or more of them, fhall caufe to be fworn twelve, who fhall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid ; and for default of a fufficient •number of jurymen appearing, the faid fheriff fhall, if requit ed by the faid cora-fnilfioners, or any thirteen or more of them, return fo many bye-ftanders, as fhall be neceffary to make up the number of twelve, to ferve on fuch jury.

XLIV. Provided always. That all perfons concerned fhall have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the pannel with refpec* to any of the faid jury when they come to be fworn, and the faid commifiioners, or any thirteen or more of then)/ (hall have power from time to time,

to

s$s

A. t>. 1798. Chap, it*

ClntleflgM.

C om miflf oners may fin* fheriif, &c.

3&4	Wf	thi*iy-€igLtb>	Tedf	nf	George	HI.

A. D.	to impofc any reasonable fine or fines, not exceeding the fum

1798.	of ten pounds llerling, on fuch (heriff or any of his hailiil of

Cbap. 22. bailiffs, or agents, as Shall make default in the premiers, or C-—y—^j-*ny of the perfon or Derfons, who (hall be fbmmoned and returned on iuch panncl, who (hall not appear, or (hall rcfiule to be fworn 00 fuch jury, or to give their verdic*, or iuaey manner wilfully (hall ncgled their du$y therein, contrary to the 1 rue intc».t and meaning of this ad, and on any of the perlons required to give evidence touching the premifes, who (hall refufc to Be examined and give evidence, and from time to time, to iffuc the»j wariant to levy fuch fine and fines of the goods and chattels of fuch perion io fined, whereioever they may be found.

Rent and	XLV. And be it further enaded, Tliat all fuch fiims of

purehaie money money at. (hall be agreed for or afeertained, as aforeiaid, of L€rd °Ut w^cl^icr f°r annu|d rent, or for the purchafe of fuch houlh, lands, tenements, buildings, grounds or hereditaments, fo to be taken in, or made part of the laid road, or for any of the puvpofej aforeiaid, (hall be paid out of the produce of the tolls, arifing by virtue of this ad, to the perfon or perf»rs who (hall be entitled to receive the fame, in fuch proportion as (halt be afeertained Ijy the jury ; and that upon payment of fuch annual rent or purchafe money, or tender being made thereof, and refulal to accept the fame, or in cafe any perfon or perfons, who according to their reipedive ioterells, is, are or' (hall be entitled thereto, (hall after fourteen days notice to be previoufiy ferved, as aforefaid, refufe or neglcd to receive the lame, or to execute a proper leafe or deed of conveyance, to the laid commiffioners. according to the natine ivr.d cii cun.(lances of the agreement, as (hall be fo made or afeertained, as aforefaid, or in cafe the title (hall be difputed then upon the faid rent or purchafe money, being by order of the laid commifiioners, lodged in the bank of Ireland, under an order or petition to the court of exchequer for that purpofe, it (hall be lawful for any thirteen or more of the laid commifiioners, to order their woikmen and labourers to add fuch houfes and grounds to the faid road for the purpofes aforefaid, or to make foot paths thereon, without the let, hindrance or interruption of any perfon whatsoever.

T' Ccmmif. XLV I. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fir ncis may faid, That any thirteen or more of the faid commifii oners, Iwcar jury, *c. Qian ^avc fuu pC)wer and authority to fwear fuch jury, aud to adminifter all oaths neceflary for the examining into, and ascertaining.fuch annual rent or purchafe money, as aforefaid, or iu any way rtfpeding fuch trial and examination.

Rcnf tohe XLV1I. And be it further enaded by the authority jaid hail yearly, aforefaid, That the annual rent fo to be agreed on or afeer-tailed, as aforefaid, (hall be paid from time to time by half-yearly payments, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be entitled

ve315y;St*a0^1& ^

*	#	'	Tie	tiirty-eigbtb	Tear	0/	Geotge	tlT.



•ltd thereto, the firf^payment thereof to begin and 16 fefe A« D. made at the end of fix calendar months next, after fuch *796. ground (hall be taken and poffeffed, by the (aid commiflionere,	Chap. aiV

Bs part or parcel of the faid road, and the perfon or perfon* entitled to receive the fame, (hall, during the continuance of this a&, have the fame eftate and intereftin fuch rents, as he,

Ihc, or they, Would have had in the faid grounds* in cafe thii &£t had never been made; and in default of payment by thfe faid commilfioner8, within thirty days after the fame (hail become due, and (hall have been demanded from the treafurer of the faid road, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfoiw, who (hall from time to time, be entitled to the faid rents, or any part of them, to commence or profecute, one or more a&ion3 at law* on the cafe, or in debt, .againft fuch treafurer for non-payment of fuch rent, and (hall and may upon fuch a&ion or actions, recover the money then due* together with his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the fame, as are allowed by law in other cafes, which faid money with cofts fo recovered when paid, (hall be allowed to fuch treafurer on his account with the faid commiflionefii.

9 XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority Onpaymtut

aforefaid, That upon payment of fuch fum as (hall be agreed

for, or afcertained, as aforefaid, by any fuch jury, or upon

fuch tender and refufal thereof, it (hall be lawful for thirteen,

or more of the faid comnliffioncrs, to order and authorize.

any perfon or perfons they (hall think proper, to take pof-

feliion of the ground fo to be taken in for thepurpofe afore-	'

faid ; and the (heriff is hereby. required upon demand, and

in virtue of a precept to be to him directed by the faid com-

xniifioncrs, or any thirteen or more of them, .under their

hands and feals, in cafe fuch (hall be found noceflary, to give

the poffeflion of fuch grounds as (hall be therein mentioned

and described to the faid commiflioners ; and in cafe fuch

(heriff on being paid, on tender made to him of fuch like

fees as by law is ufual to be given to a (heriff on executing a

writ of habere facias pojfcjfionem^ (hall within ten days alter

delivery of fuch precept, refufe or neglecf to execute and

obey the fame, every fuch (heriff (hall be fubjedt to fuch

punifhment by fine or attachment as his JVlajefty’s court of

exchequer, on application or complaint to be there made

againft him, (hall in fuch cafe award or impofe.

XLIX. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-	Grafld juries

-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand	cit7 *n<1 co*

juries for the county of Cork, and county of the cit/ of Cork rcfpe&ively, at any affixes which (hall be holden after ^ °	*	*

tbe palling, and during the continuance of this aft, to pcc-fcet that iuch^tum pr fums of money as (hall be requifite,

Vql. XI< * B b	ftyll

Digitized by

by Google

Affidavit to be made, as heroin.

Requifitettb b? performed on granting prc-{entmenta.

Regulations where bridges are to be built*

Provifions for fuddcn breaches.

The thirty-eighth Xedr of George IIL

(hall beraifed on the faid county, or county of the faid city* at larjje, to be expended in building, rebuilding, enlarging, repairing, or altering any bridge or battlement, or part of a bridge or battlement, acrofs any ftrram, river, or rut, within their refpeftive counties, which (hall interfeft any part of the prefent line of the faid road, or of any new line or linet of road which (hall be made purfuant to this aft, and the judges of affize at every fuch affizes, are hereby required to confirm every fuch prefentment.

L.. Provided always, That no fum fhall be prefented fbr building, rebuilding, enlaiging, repairing, or altering any fuch bridge of battlement, or part of a bridge or battlement, ©n any new line or . lines of the faid road, unleis it fhall appear by affidavit of two credible perfons who can read and write, that fuch new line or lines is, or are necel-fary to fhorten the diftance, or to avoid a hill or h'lls, for

}he greater fafety and convenience of travellers, or that uch new line will benefit the intcrcourfc between any two parts of the faid road.

LI. And provided alfo, That no money fhall be prefwt-ed, unlefs the fame forms and other requifites (hall, be pur-fued and obferved as under the road acts now in being, of* that now are, or hereafter (hall be enafted, are, or fhall be required relative to bridges upon publick preferment roads, and the faid refpeftiVe grand juries fhall have all fuch and the like powers as arc or fhall be vefled in grand juries with refpeft to bridges, by the fevcral afts now in force, or to be tnade, for amending the publick roads, and that all monies fo to be prefented, fhall be accounted for in the fame manner, and by fuch like affidavits, and under the like regulations in all refpefts as now are, or fhall be enafted in relpeft to bridges on inch publick roads.

LI I. And provided alfo, That if fuch ftream, river, or rut, over which fuch bridge or bridges fhall be nmflarv to be built, rebuilt, enlarged, repaired, or altered, fhall* be the boundary between the faid county of Cork, and the county of the faid city of Cork, in fuch cafe the like regulations with refpeft to bridges, which are the boundaries between two adjoining Counties, and in refpeft to accounting fer, and the treafurer paying the money prefented, as are required by the herein before recited aft of the thirty-fivth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad far the amendment of publick roads, for directing the power of grand juries refpeding preferments, and for repealing the frveral law heretofore made for thofe purpofes, fhall be obferved.

LIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That all provifions by the road afts made, or to be made for repairing fudden breaches in bridges on the pub-

lick

The thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.	387

lick roads, (hall extend'to th^ faid road as it now runs, A. D. or any new line or lines thereof to be made purfuant to this	1 798.

LIV. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Suits for mat-faid, That all or any fait’ or fuits for any thing done in pur- tersdoneinpur* fuance of this ad, {hall be commenced within fix calendar	c*f	tlu*

months after the fed, and fhall be laid in the county of mencc *in C6>in" Cork, or in the county of the city of Cork, and not elfe- months, where, and that the defendants fhall and may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpeciai matter in evidence, and that the fame was done by authority of this ad ; and if ;t fhall appear that fuch adiori Was brought after the time hereby limited, or in any other county, or if the jury (hall find for the defendants, or if the plaintiff fhall dif-coiitinue or fuffer a non-fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on demurrer, judgment fhall be had againll the plaintiff, the defendants fhall recover treble cofts m fuch fuits, and have like remedy as any other defendants in other caufes.

LV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, In force 4$ That this ad fhall be and continue in force for the term of T^ars. , forty-one years from the laft day of this prefent feflion of parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

LVI And be it further enaded by the‘authority afore- A publick faid. That this ad fhall be deertred a public ad, and fhall *&•' be jud cially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXIV4

An A8 to feenre the Collection of the Duties on dvSions, and on Glafs Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on Paper printed, painted, orJlained in this Kingdom, to ferve for Hang-%irtgs or other iffes ; and to prevent Frauds therein.

FOR the better fectiring the payment of the duties on Au&ioniers

audions ; be it enaded by the King's molt excellent d fell-with Kfejefty, by and with the advice and confeut of the lords <>ur li enfe, pc-fpiritunl and temporal, and commoos in this prefent parlia- n*ky ,0°h ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That from and aftei" the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred a id ninety-eight, no jicrfon whofoever fhall cxercife the trade or bufinefs of an andio-nier or teller by commillion, at any fele of any eftate,-goods, or effeds whatsoever, by lot, by parcel, or by any other mode of fele at audion, or whereby the higheft bidder is deemed to be the purchafer, or who fhall ad in fuch capa-*	B	b	*	city,



Digitized by

Google

Tht thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

city, (halt deal In, vend or fell any eftate, goods or effefb whatfoever, by public fale or otherwife, by way of aufiion, in any manner whatfoever, without a licenfe for that pur-pofe in force, from the colle&or of the diftrift in which he fhall be refident, in which licenfe (hall be fet forth the true name and real place of abode of the perfon orperfons taking out the fame, for which he, (he, or they (hall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay the duty payable thereon ; and every fuch licenfe (hall be of force until'the twenty-fifth day of March next, after the time of the granting thereof, together with one (hilling in the pound of the duty payable on fuch licenfe, as a fee to the collc&or for granting the fame ;• and if any perfon (hall vend or fell by way of au&i-on, as aforefaid, without taking cut fuch licenfe, fuch perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds. '

II. And be it ena&ed, That the rates and duties charged on au&ions fhall be, and are hereby declared to be a charge upon every au&ionier or feller by commiffion, immediately from and after the clofing of the bidding at every fale, by way of au&ion, and that the rates and duties lo charged (ball be paid by every fuch au&ionier or feller by commifiion, in manner and at the times herein after mentioned.

Ill Provided always. That nothing in this a& contained (hall reflrain any au&ionier from making it a condition of fale, that the faid duties, or any portion thereof, fhall he paid by the purchafer, over and above the price which (hall have been bidden at fuch auftion ; and in fuch cafe the aue-tionier is hereby required to demand payment of the duty from fuch purchafer, or fuch portion thereof as (hall be ex-prefled in fuch condition and agreement; and upon the ncgle& or refufal of fuch purchaler to pay fuch duty, fuch bidding at fuch au£lion (hall be void.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, of be conflrued to extend, to alter, determine, or make void any other condition or agreement whatfoever, between any buyer or feller by au&ion, or any other perfon, touching the payment of any of the faid duties, fo as the fame do not extend to the leffcning of the full fum charged thereon.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That every perfon a&ing as aue-

_____________ tionier,	as	aforefaid, at any public fale or au&ion within the

ofDubUn-caftle, diftrift of the metropolis of Dublin, or within fix miles of to give feeurit) caftle of Dublin, fhall, at the time of receiving the

licenfe, give fecurity by bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of two hundred pounds, with two or more fuflicient furcties, which fecurity the colle&or of the diftrid. is hereby authorized and empowered to take, that he will within twenty-eight days after every fale by way of auction!

Duties on auctions (hall be charges On auctioneers.

Andionicft may conditu n for payment of duty.

Not to make void any other condition.

Au&icnier within 6 miles

for aool.

Digitized by

Google

Jfbt thirty-ughth Tfar of George III-	3I9

tion, deliver at the office of the colledor of excife in Dul*- A* D. lin, a particular account in writing of the total amount of	. 1798.

the money bid at each fale, and of the feveral articles, lots, or Chap. 2^. parcel8 which (hall have been there fold, and the pric^of every fuch article, lot or parcel; and at the fame time make payment of all fuch fum and fums of money as ./hall be payable to his Majefty on the produce of eftates and goods refpec-tiveiy' fold at fuch audio ns, which fum or funis of money he is hereby authorized to retain out pf fuch produce or depofite made at fuch fale, or otherwise recover the fame by a&ion of debt, or on the cafe, againft the perfon or perform by whom fuch audionier fhall be emplpyed, or on whofe account fuch goods (hall be fo fold ; and every perfon fo ading as auctionier, or the perfon who aded as his clerk at fuch fale, if any, when the goods fhall have been delivered by the audionier,'or his clerk, (hall make oath to the truth of every fuch account, before the collcdor or fub-commifiioners of excife, in the diftrid where fuch auction fhall be, or before fuch perfon as the commiflioncrs of cxcife fhall empower to take affidavits ; and when the goods fo fold fhall have been delivered by the proprietor, or his clerk, fuch proprietor or his clerk, fhall give in on Qath, to be adminiilered by fuch perfon as aforefaid, to the collector of excifc, within ten days after the fale, an exad ac* count of the amount of fuch goods; and alfo, within the £^id -fpace of ten days, finnifh the audionier with a true copy of fuch account, and if he fhall negled or refufe to give in fuch account, he (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; and in cafe the audionier giving fuch bond, fhall negled to deliver in his account, or to make payment of the rates ^nd duties as herein direded ; or if it fhall appear that the account delivered in by fuch audionier, was not a true and juft account, or that fuch audionjer had aded contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid bond, and of this ad, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch commiflioir-cts of excife to caufc fuch bopd to be put in fuit, unlefs they (hill find fufficient caufe to forbear the fame, and thereupon, in cafe of* a verdid on judgment againft the defendant, fuch licenfe fhall thenceforth become void.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon fp Aij&iomef t&ing as aforefaid, at every fuch public audion, in any part qot within 6 ‘ of this kingdom, tiot within the limits of the diftrid of niiles of Dub-the metropolis of Dublin, or within fix miles of the Hn-caflle, to eaftle of Dublin, fhall, at the time of receiving fuch licenfe foTtb^colleftor as aforefaid, give fecurity by bond as aforefaid, in the fum lo ^cciunt and * of fifty pounds, which fecurity fhall be. taken by the col- pay in 6 weeks Jcdor of the diftrid in which fuclr perfoo fhall be refident, fklc.

act like manner as p uerein before	with	regard	to"

' ’

Digitized by

19°

A. D.

1798. {Jaap. 24.

Au&iojiien to give notices of falcs. See. fo colledor of excife, peailty

id.

Tie thirty-eigbth Tear of George TIL

the bonds to be given within the diftrid of the metropolis

and within fix miles of the caftle of Dublin, that he will within fix weeks after every fale by audion, deliver in aa exad aife particular account in manner as is hei ciu before required to be delivered by perfons felling by audion, within the diftrid of the metropolis, and within fix miles of the caftle of Dublin ; and fhall at the fame time make payment pf all fuch fum and fums of money as fhall be doe and payable to his Majeftv on account of every fale by way of audion, by him made, from time to time, within fix weeks refpedively ; and all the powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures herein before preferibed, for the better levying and fecuring, or accounting fo^ the faid rates or duties within the diftrid of the metropolis, (hall be oblerved in all other parts of this kingdom, as if the fame were again particularly repeated and re-enaded.

VII.	And be it enacted, That every audionier, or feller /by commifiion, felling by audion within the metropolis, or within fix miles of the caftle of Dublin, (hall, two days at leaft before he or fhe do begin any fale by way of audion, deliver or caufe to be delivered at the office of the collector of excifc, in the city of Dublin, a notice in Writing figned by fuch audionier, fpecifying in fuch notice the particular day when fuch fale by audion is to begin ; and (hall at the fame time, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the colledor a written or printed catalogue, attefted ^nd figned by fuch audionier, or his known clerk, in which catalogue (hall be particularly cx-/ prefled and enumerated every article, lo{, parcel, and thing, t>y fuch audionier intended to be fold at fuch audion ; and every audionier felling by audion in any part of this kingdom, not within the diftrid of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the caftle of Dublin, (hall, at leaft three days before fuch audtionier do begin any fale by way of audion, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the colledor of excife m whofe dill rid fuch fale is intended to be had, or at the office of excife in fuch diftrid, next to the place where i'uch fale is intended to be, a like notice in writing, figned by fuch audionier, fpecifying therein the particular day when fuch fale is tp begin, and (hall at the fame time, or within twenty-fbut hours after* deliver or caufe to be delivered to fuch colledor, or at fuch office of excife, next to the place where fuch fale is intended to be, as aforefaid, a wntten or printed catalogue, attefted and figned by fuch audionier, or his known clerk, in which catalogue (hall be particularly enumerated every article, lot, parcel, a,nd thing, by fooh audionier intended to be fold at audion ; and if any audionier (hall fell any eftate, goods, or effeda, by way of auction, without delivering the notices and catalogues herein before required to be delivered, or (hall at any fuch (ale fell

any .

Vbe thtrty-cfybtb Tear of Ocqrgc III*	39	X

«ay eflate, goods, or effeds not particularly expreffed or A. P.

enhmerated in fiich catalogue every audionier fhall, for 1798. every fuch offence, forfeit the ftm o twenty pounds.	Chap. 24.

VIIf. \nd be it enaded, That every audiouier who A fhall have delivered, or caufed to have been delivered, any AuAionicr or fuch notice or catalogue for a fale by audion, within the c^or^ toJurn^^ dillrid of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the caftle o^th^* ^ of Dublin, or the perfon who aded as his clerk at fuch *

(ale, or intended fale, fhall,. within twenty-eight days after the day fpecified in fuch notice as the paiticular day when fuch fale by audion was to be made, deliver, or caule to be delivered to the .colledor of excife, of the city of Dublin, a declaration in writing, fetting forth whether or not any fale by way of audion had been, or was opened or begun under Inch notice-, or any article, lot or parcel, or thing, contained in fuch catalogue was bid for, or fold at fuch auction ; and fuch audionier, or perfon ading as his clerk,

(hall make oath to the truth of fuch declaration before fuch colledor, or any fub-commiffioner of excife in the dillrid, which oath fuch colledor, or any fub-commiffioner of cxr c:fe is hereby authorized and empowered, to adminifler 5 and that every audionier who fhall have delivered or caufed to be delivered any fuch notice or catalogue for a fale by auo tion in any other part, or the perfon who aded as'his clerk, at fuch fale or intended fale, fhall, within fix weeks after the day fpecified in fuch notice, as the particular day when fuch fale by audion was to be made, deliver, or caufie to be delivered to the colledor of excife, in whofe dillrid fuch fale had been, or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, in manner as is herein before required, with refped to perfons felling by audion within the diftrid pf the metropolis, or within fix miles of the caflle of Dublin, to be ve* rified in like manner on pain that every audionier fhall for every negled or refufal of delivering fuqh declaration, veri-r fied in manner herein before preferibed, forfeit the fum pf fifty pounds.

IX.	Be it enaded, That if any fale by audion, of any Where a fale eflate or goods, fhall be rendered void by reafon that the; is void for want; perfon for whofe benefit the fame was fold had no title tq °f right, auc-the fame, or no right to difpofe thereof, then, in every fuch tion,cr mRy aP* cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the audiotiier who paid^-^n^^ the duty for the thing fo fold, pr for the perfon for whofe relii benefit the fame was To fold, to lay hi$, her, or their complaint before the chief cpmmiflioners op fuD-commiffioners of excife, and the commiffioners and the fub-commiffioner* of excife, upon fuch complaint to them made, by, or oi\ behalf of fuch audionier, or by, or on behalf of the perfon for whofe benefit the fume wag fpld, fhall, and are hereby *	*	required

Google

Application to made at hero-

Vherearti-

be made by col

Tic tbirty-cigbtb Tear *f George Iff.

retired to hear and dctenhine, upon oath* aB fodi phunto, and examine the witneffes produced before them by the parties, and thereupoq, or by other due proof, to re* iieve the party fo complaining, of ib much of his, her, or their rcfpc&ive payments, as fhall be fo made out before them to have been overpaid, any thing in this Astute to the contrary potwithftanding.

X.	Provided always that fuck complaint fhall be made within twelve calenoar months after luch fale, if the file {hall be rendered void, as aforefajd, within that time, or if the {ale (hall not be rendered void, as a fore (aid, within that time, then fuch complaint (hall be made within three months after the difcovery of the perfon for whofe benefit any fuch fale, goods, or chattels was or were fold, having no title to the fame, or no right to difpofe thereof ; and no fuch com-

K* it fhall be made, or any relief given thereupon, unkfs complaint fhall be made within the time herein before m that behalf preferibed.

XI,	Provided alfjo, and be it ena&ed. That in cafe the purcha^ r<*l owner of any eftate, goods, or effe£U, put up tb fakby •Uowancc^sll	°f au&ion, (hall become the purchafer by means of ha

own bidding, or the bidding of any other perfon on hit behalf, or for his ufe, at fuch fale, without fraud or cob liifioD, then, and in fuch cafe, the refpedive collectors of cxcife are hereby uthorifed and required to make an ab lowancc to fuch owner, of the duties arifing upon fuch bid* ding, both by the owner and the perfon intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, am) having agreed accordingly to bid at the fale, for the ufe and behoof of the feller; and provided fuch notice be verified

Soath of the gu&ionier, as alfo the fairnefs and reality the tranfa&ion, to the bed of his knowledge and belief; and in cafe any difpuie fhall arife, whether fuch purchafe by the owner was not made by collulion, or in order to lef» fen the full fum payable on fuch au&ion to be paid, or con* cerning the fairnefs of fuch tranfa&ion, then, and in fuck cafes, the proof thereof fhall be upon the perfon a&ing as au&ionier, and on failure therein, or- in caie of any unfair pra&ice, then no fuch allowance (hall be made as afore-* laid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding. *

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it eng$ed, That no fuch ' ftot V he made, allowance fhall be made, unlefs notice in writing, figned by tpeept as herein. the owner, and the perfon intended to the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly , to bid ah the fale for the ufe of the feller, fhall b*ve been given to the auftionier before fuch bidding, not vnlefs fuch delivery of fuch qotice fhall be verified upon the

oath

Allowance

Tt§ tUrly-tigbth Year'of Georg* HI.

path of the audionier, as alfo the faimcls of the fran&$"< A* B. tion,/tb the beft of his knowledge.	179S.

XIII Provided always, That nothing in this ad con- Qhap. 44# tained (hall extend to any fale, by way ot au&ion, of elfates or chattels made by any order or decree of his Majefty's Not to extend courts of chancery o^ exchequer in Ireland, before any ^ co*^*01^ mafter in chancery, or the remembrancer of the court of exchequer, oV his deputy, or by order of his Majeity’s cotn-miffioftcrs for the duties of cuftoms or excite, or hy order of the board of ordnance; nor to the fale by au&iou of any goods diftrained for rent, or for non-payment of tithes, any thing herein contained to the Contrary noU withilanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained Not to extend (hall extend to* any audioh to be held for the fale of any t°^de of woods, ivoods, coppices, produce of any mines or quarries, or any

con trad relating thereto, or to the cutting or working of the fame, or to the fale of any materials ufed in the working of fiiph mines or quarries,. refpedively; or to the (ale of any cattle, and live or dead nock, or unmanufa&ured produce o land, fo as flich fale of woods, coppices, pro* duce of mines or quarries^ cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilft they continue on the lands producing the fame, and by the owner of fugh lands, or proprietor of, or adventurer in foch mines or quarries, or by his or their Reward or agent, any thing herein contaipfe^to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided always, That any goods woven or fabri- Irjfb goods cited in the loom in this kingdom, which (hall be fold entire fi»W in the.piece in the piece Or quantity in which the £}me were taken from n<*<ha»|j*ahta; the loom, and in lots, each lot whereof' (hall be of the pric£

of ten pounds dcrling, or upwards, (hall and may be fold, hy public fale, by way of au&ion, in lot* as afbrefaid, for or on account of the manufacturers or firft purchafers thereof refpectively, by any perfon duly licenfed to exerdife the trade or buiinefs of an au&ionier, but not otherwife, free of the faid duty ; provided alfo, that no petfbn fhall be exempted from the payment of the faid duty, for or in refpedt of any fuch goods, fold by way of au&ion, unlcfe fuch fide (ball be car* lied on in fome ware-houfe, room, or placc, whereof a true and particular entry in \vriting (hall have been made with the proper officer, at the next office of excife, within the Ik mits where fuch ware-houfe, room, or place (hall be (ituate4 and unlei's fuch goods (hall be openly (hewn, and- expqfed at the time and place of fuch fata

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it eoa&cd, That every perw An&ionierte fon aiding a* audlionicr at any fuch public fale, by way of enter a bond that pu&jon as aforefiud, (hall) befidethe a&rcfirid bond diro&ed

^	to	charging duty,

%	&c«

Digitized by VjOOQle

»

*94

A. f>. 1798. Chap. 24..

Bonds may be

put in fait,if

auwtioneersadl

contrary.

: Not to extend to Talcs l>y (he-riffs on conimif-fion of bank, ruptcy.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

to fee given on receiving his licenfe, give further fecurity hr bond to his Majefty, hisheiis and fucceflbrs, in the liim of forty pounds, with two fureties, which fecurity the colleftcr of the diftrift is hereby empowered to take, conditioned, that he will, within fourteen days after fuch fale of any goods woven or fabricated in the loom, as aforeiaid, deliver at the office of excif- within fach diftrift, a true account in writing of the feveral lots and parcels of fuch goods which {hall have been fold, the amount of the money bid at fuch fale, and the price of every lot or parcel; and further, that he will not at any time, knowingly put up for fale, or fell at auftion, any piece-goods, or other goods woven or fabricated in the loom out of this kingdom, or any goods woven or fabricated in the looqi in tins kingdom, which (hall not he offered or put up for fale, or fold entire in the piece or quantity in which the fame were taken frorrv the loom, and is lots, as aforefaid, for or on account of the manufacturer or firft purchaser thereof, without charging fpr every twenty (hillings of the purchafe-money thereof the faid duty, ac* cording to the rules and directions of this aft; and that he will not be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent contrivance, with intent to fell any piece-goods, or other goods fabricated in the loom, contrary to the true intent *nd meaning of this aft-

XVII.	And be it enufted, That iq cafe it (hall appear that the party entering into fuch bond, hath afted conttary to the condition thereof, it fhall be lawful for the commit fioners of excife to caufe every fuch bond to be put in fuit.

XVIII.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend to charge with any rate or duty, any eilate, good% or chattels fold at auftion, under the authority of any (herifi^ for the be nefit of creditors,.in execution of any judgment, or any eftate or effefts of any bankrupt, fold by order of the affignee or affignees, under any commiflion of bankruptcy, or any goods imported into this kingdom, by way of merchandize, from any Britifh colony or plantation in America, the fame being of the growth, produce, or ma-nufaftureof any of fuch colonies or plantations* on t{\c firft fale of fuch goods, by or for the account of th* original importer to whom the fame were configned, and by whom they were entered at the cuftom-houie at the port of Importation, fo as fuch fale be made within twelve months after foch goods (hall be fo imported, or fuch goods as may be imported free of duty, and all goods for dyers u£e ; nor to any (hips, or their tackle, apparel and furniture, or the cargoes thereof, which may be taken and Condemned as prik.e; nor to charge with any rate or duty any (hip or goods tfcqt may be wrecked or (banded on the coaiis of this kingdom.



The thirty Eighth Tear of George lit.

ttf

or damaged on board any (hip or veffel, and fold by au&ioft for the benefit of the infurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be fold free of duty to defray the charges of falvage; nor to charge with any rate or duty any goods damaged by fire, and fold by order df and for the benefit of the infurers of fuch goods, anything herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And for more effectually preventing frauds which may be praCtifed by auCtionerS, telling eftates, goods, or chattels under the authority of fheriffs, or under the order or direction of the affignees under any commiffion of bankruptcy ; be it enacted, That every auCtionier who fhall fell at auction, any eftate, goods, or chattels, feized for the benefit of any creditor, by or under the authority of any fheriff or fheriffs, in execution of any judgment, fhall fpecify in the catalogue by him to be delivered under the directions ef this ad, the particular eftates and effeCts,to be fold, and alfo, the exaCt ium to be levied under fuch execution ; and the fheriff or undcr-fheriff fhall, and they are hereby required to certify at the foot of fuch catalogue, that all the eftates, goods, or chattels in fuch catalogue fpecified, were really the property of the perfon againft whom fuch judg-. ment was had and obtained, and that the fame, and every part thereof, wtre aCtually feized in execution of the fame

Catalogues of eftates or goods, (hall be made out by audio-niers, andfignb ed by ihcrifik &c.

judgment; and every auCtionier who fhall be employed by the affignees under any commiffion of bankruptcy, to fell the effects of any bankrupt, fhall likewife fpecify in the catalogue to be by him delivered, as aforefaid, the particular goods and effeCts then to be fold, and the affignee or af-iignees under fuch commiihon, (hall certify at the foot of fuch catalogue, that all the eftates, goods, chattels, and effeCts in fuch catalogue fpecified, were really the property of the bankrupt at the time of filing forth the faid commif-fion; and evtry fuch catalogue, fo certified, fhall be produced by every fuch auCtionier to the perfon to whom fuch auCtionier is by this aCt direCted to deliver hi9 account, before fuch auCtionier fhall be permitted to pafs his account, or to have the fame allowed ; and if the fheriff, under-fheriff, affignee or affignees, fhall infert, or fuffer, or permit to be inferted in any fuch catalogue, fo to be certified, any eftate, goods, chattels or effeCts, whatsoever, other than fuch as were really the property of the debtor or debtors, bankrupt or bankrupts, as aforefaid, refpeCtively, or if any fheriff or under-fheriff, fhall omit or negleCt to certify on fuch catalogue, the true fum to be levied, or fhall certify thereon, any falfe fum to be levied, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party offending fhall, for every fuch -offence, forfeit-the fum of tweaty-poundsw ' XX. "And be it ena&ed, That every auCtionier who fhall * he employed to fell any goods damaged by fire, fold by

order I

I

i

9

The tburty-e’ghtb Tear of George IJI.

order of, ,and for the benefit of the infurer or infurers of fuch goods, (hall fpecify in the catalogue to be by hiiq delivered, the particular goods then to be fold; and the infurer or infurers (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required to certify at the foot thereof, that all the goods books damaged jn fuch catalogue fpecified, were really fold for the benefit cCTufiedhv in-	*l,furer or infurers, which catalogue, fo certified,

ibrer, penalty &all be produced by every fuch au&ionier to the perfon to to whom fuch auftionier is by this aft to deliver his account, before fuch auftionier (hall be permitted to pafs his account, or to have the fame allowed; and if any fuch infurer (hall in-fcrt, or fuffer, or permit to be inferted in any fuch catalogue, as afordjaid, any goods whatfoever, other than fuch as were really to be fold for the benefit of him or them, as aforefaid, or if any infurer (hall omit or negleft to certify in fuch catalogue, the true particulars of the goods to be fold, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Ml.

From ayth Mar. 179ft, makers of bottles (hall take nut licenfe.

XXL And for better fecuring the payment of the duties be it cnafted. That from and after

payable on glafs bottles,

the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufaud feven hundred and ninety-eight, no maker of bottles, made of common bottle metal, (hall make any fuch bottles without having a licence for that purpose in force, from the colle&or of the difirift in which the glafs-houfe or work-houfe in whicch fuch bottles (haQ be made, (hall be fituate, in which licenfe (hall be let forth the true name and place of abode of the peyfon or perfons taking out the fame, and the place in which fuch glalVhoufe or work-houfe (hall be fituated, for which he, (he, or they (hall, upon taking out fuch licenfe, pay for every licenfe (0 to be taken out, the duty payable thereon,' together with one (hilling in the pound of the faid duty, as a fee to the collector fur granting the fam#; and every fuch licenfe (hall continue in force untfl the twenty-fif^h day of March after the granting of the fame; and if any perfon (hall make any fuph glafs without having taken out fuch licenfe, fuch perfon (nail forfeit for eyery fuch offence the fum of fify pounds.

_________________ XXII.	And	be	it	enafted. That every perfon who (haB

to make month-, keep a glafs-houfe for making of bottles or common bottle gentries at cx- m^al, (hall once in every month, make a true entry in writing, at the cxcife office for the diftrift in which fuch glafe-houfe (hall be, of tlie number of bottles, and the denomination thereof with refpeft to the quantities- of liquor they (ball be reputed to be capable of containing, made withia fuch month, and (hall verify fuch entry upon oath, or if a quaker, upon folemn affirmation of the perfon or perfons, or one of them, who (hall keep fuch glafe-houfe, or of his, her, or their chief workman, or clerk employed in cpndufting

Bottle makers

rife office, penalty iooL

Digitized by Goq;

ati

St ^

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

397

tfae making of bottles, or in the keeping of an account of A. D. the bottles made therein, according to the bell of his, her, *798. or their knowledge or belief; which oath or affirmation fhnll, Chap. 24. and may be adminiftered by the colle&or or furveyor of ex-cife of the dtftriA within which fuch glafs-houfe (hall be, or other perfons authorised to adminifter oaths in matters relating to 1 is Majefty’s revenue, without any fee or charge for the famj; and every maker of fuch glafs bottles who (hail neglect to make fuch entry, verified as aforefaid, fhall, for every negle& or default, forfeit one hundred pdunds.

XXII I. And be it ena&ed, That every perfon who (hall Perfons to keep any fuch glafs-houfe, as aforefaid, (hall from time to ”r time, within a fortnight after he, (he, or they (hall have night after.°or made, or ought to have made fuch	entryt as	atorefaid, pay	forfeit 100L

all the duties for all fuch bottles as	(hall have been made

within fuch month, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein, the fum of one hundred pounds, and double the amount of the duty whereof the payment (hall not be fo made; and that no fuch perfon after fuch default in payment made, (hall fell, dtliver, or carry out any fuch bottles.

Until he of (he hath paid and cleared off all duty due as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting double the value of the bottles •	•

fo fold, delivered or carried out.	f

XX (V. And be it enacted. That it (hall and may he Books of ■©• lawful for an officer of his Majeily’s	revenue,	once in every	counts	of b«t-»

month, upon producing a written order for	that purpofc,	2*	*< thewii

ligned by the collector of the diftridl in vyliich any fuch glafs-honfe (hall be# fituated, to require fuch maker of bottles, made of common bottle metal, or hir> Jerk or manager, who (hall keep any account of the quantity of battles made in fuch glafs-houfe, to (hew and produce to fuch officer, all fuch books of account as (hall contain any entry of the number of all, or any of fuch bottles as lhall be made from common bottle metal, in fuch glafs-houfe, or of any tranfa&ions from which the number of iiich bottles made in fuch glafs-houfe {hall appear; and fuch maker of bottles, or his clerk or manager, fhall fuffer fuch officer to in-fpe& the fame, and compare the account returned by fuch maker of bottles to the collector, therewith ; and if any fuch m^ker of fnch bottles, or his clerk, manager, or fervant, fhall not, upon fuch demand made, (hew and produce to fuch officer, all fuch books, as aforefaid, and fuffer hint to snfpc& and examine the fame, every fuch maker of fuch bottles fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds*

X,XV. And be it ena&ed, That the duty payable on all ©utv allowed bottles made of common bottle metal, which (hall be made on exportation, in this kingdom, for which dut^ (hall have been paid, toll

Digitized by t^ooQle

39*

A. D.

1798. Chap. 24.

lottle* may be exported ia

hcffUi.

Notice void, if packing doc# not commence Within 1 heur after time men

tioiicd.

*Tht thirty-eighth Temr of George IIL

he repaid and allowed upon all fueh bottles as (hall have been exported as merchandize to foreign parts.

XXVI.	And be it enaded, That it* (hall and may be lawful for any perfon who (hall h<tve actually paid the duty charged upon bottles, and for any other perfon who (hall buy or be entitled to fuch bottles, from the perfon who paid the faid duty, to expert fiom any port within this kingdom, fuch bottles, by way of merchandize, upon the terms, and according to the diie&ionsJierein after mentioned, that is to fay ; the perfon intending to export fuch bottles, (hall give to the proper officer twelve hours notice, if within the limits of the port of Ihihiin, and twenty -four horns notice in other places in this kingdom, of his intention to pack up for exportation any fuch bottles, and of the time and place, when and where the fame ir intended to be packed up ; and fuch officer (hill attend to fee fuch bottles packed up, and the fame (hall be packed up in the prefence of fuch officer, and (hall be fccurcd with fuch faflenings, and fealed with fuch feal or mark, or feals or marks, and in fuch manner as the chief coirtmiffioner of his Majcfty’s revenue (hall direct; and if any perfon (hall open fuch package, or willingly deflroy or deface any fuch feal or maik, except the officer at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned, every petfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence; and the officer or officers who faw the faid bottles packed up, (hall take an account of the kind and quantities of the bottles fo intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the collector of the dillrict at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward.

XXVII.	Provided always, That if the perfon or perfons fo intending to pack up fuch bottles, (hall not begin, and proceed to pack up the fame at the time mentioned in fuch

• notice or within one hour alter futh time, then fuch notice fuall be void, and fuch perfon or perfons, fo intending to pack up fuch bottles, (hall give a frefh notice to fuch officer or officers, of the time and place, when and where fuch bottles are intended to be packed up, in order to be exported; and the perfon or perfons fo intending to export fuch bottles, (hall alfo give fix hours notice of jhe time and place of (hipping thereof, unto the officer of the place where the fame fhall be (hipped, who (hall attend, and fee the fame put on (hip-board; and the exporter of fuch‘ bottles (hall alfo, before the {hipping of the fame, give fufficicnt fecuritf in rreble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular quantity of bottles fo intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and (hall not be unfhipped, unloaded, or laid on land, or put ou board any (hip or Ycffel in this kingdom,

lhipwrcck,

1

The thirty-eighth Year df George III.

(hipwrCck, or other unavoidable accident excepted; which Security the officer of the port where fuch bottles fhall be exported, is hereby di^ecled to take to his Majefly’s ufe ; and fuch exporter fhall make oath, that he believes tl\c duty on fuch bottles had been fully paid, and that fuch bottles had been fully paid, and that fuch bottles are the fame that are deferibed in the account fent as aforefaid, by the officer in whofe prefence the fame were packed, to the officer attending the (hipping; which oath the colle&or, or any officer appointed by the faid chief commiffioners for taking affidavits, is hereby authorized to adminiller; and fucb fur-veyor and other officer, and the officer who attended the Clipping of fuch bottles, being fatisfied of the truth thereof, (hall within one month after the exportation of fuck bottles, give the exporter or his clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture, expreffing the quantities of the bottles fo (hipped, and that all the duties have been paid in re-fpedt of the fame, and that fecurity hath been given before the (hipping of the fame for the due exporting thereof; and fuch certificate or debenture, being produced to the collector of the port from which the bottles were exported, he (hall forthwith, out of any money ’in his hands, pay, or allow the perfon fo exporting the fame, or his or her agent, the drawback by this a& given upon the exportation of fuch bottles.

XXVIII.	Provided always, That it (hall be lawful for any officer attending the (hipping of fuch bottles, if he thinks it neceffiuy, to open or examine the fame at the port of exportation, in order that he may be fatisfied that fuch bottles are the fame that are deferibed fn the account fent to him by^lie officer in whofe prefetice f:uh hottles were packed : provided alfo, that if after the (hipping of any fuch bqttlcs, *nd the giving of fuch fecurity as aforefiiid, jn order to obtain a drawback of the duty before paid, (n refpe& thereof, the fame bottles, or any pait thereof, (hall be unfhipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or vefiel in this kingdom, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident excepted, that then, and in e\tery fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his Majefty'3 ufe, all the bottles which (hall b* fo .unfhipped, or lajd on land. or put iuto *ny other (hip or vefTcl within this kingdom, Shipwreck, or othei unavoidable accident excepted, (hall be forfeited, and •may be feized by any officer of the revenue.

XXIX.	And to fecure the duty on paper to ferve for hangings, and other ufes; be it ena&ed. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand (even

bundled

Officer at pnrt may opeft

paciugts.

From 2 >' Mar. 1798, per* fons who paint, or print paper

I

\

4«>

A. D.

1798. Chap. 24.

for hangings, iha.ll give notice as herein to col* lecVois, penalty 10L and all pager. Sec. for*

Power of ezeife officers to enter and take account of paper &c.

The ihrrty-tifhlh Tear of George IFF#

hundred and ninety-eight, no perfon (hall paint, print, or (lain any paper in this kingdom, to ferve for hangings, other ufes, unlefs he or (he (hall have given notice in writ*	|

ing to the colleftor of excife of the diikrs6k, and to the	|

furveyor of excifc, and gauger of the furvey or walk, in which fuch paper (hall be piinted, painted, or (lained, of his or her name or furname, and place of abode, and df every place where fuch perfon (hall print* paint, or (lain fuch paper, or (hill keep any paper before he or (he (hall print, paint, or (lain the fame; and if any perfon (hall print, pain’, or (lain any paper as aforefaid, chargeable with the faid duty, without having given fuch notice at aforefaid, or Ihall print, paint, or ftain any paper, or keep any paper, either before or after the fame (hall be printed, painted, or (lained, in any place of which fuch notice (half not have been given, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit twenty pouuds; and all prints and ntenfils for the printing, painting, or flaining of paper, to ferve for hangings, or other ufes, which (hall be found in the cuftody or poffeflion of any perfon not licenfed ter mann* failure paper hangings, having alfo in his pofTtffion any colour for printing, painting, or Raining paper, or in any place of which fuch notice (hall not have been given, together whh all paper printed, painted or (lained, or begrui to be printed, painted, or Rained, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the revenue.

XXX.	And he it enafted, That every officer of excife# at all times, by day or by night, and if in the night, then in the prefence of a confiable, or other officer of the peace, may enter into the houfe, work-houfe, ware-honje, or other place belonging to, or ufed by any perfon or perfoas who (hall print, paint, or ftain any paper for hangings, or ether ufes, as aforefaid, and take a juft account of the times and quantities of all paper which (half have been printed, painted, or (lained, by fuch perfon or perfons, from time to time, and of all paper for which, under the .prpvifious of th is aft, fuch pcifon or perfons fhall be chargeable with tlte faid duties; and (hall thereof make a report in writing to the colleftor of the diftrift, leaving a true copy,* if demanded, of fuch report in writing, under his hand, with, or for the p^jfon who fhall print, paint, or Rain fuch paper, refpeftively, or be chargeable with fuch duty ; and fuch report or return of the officer or officers, (hall be a charge upon the perfon who (hall print, paint, or Rain paper, as aforefaid; and if fuch officer (hall refufc or neglect to give, or leave a true copy of his report in writing at the time of taking fuch account, being demanded, as. aforefaid, every fuch officer for every fuch offence, ft^ll forfeit and

pay

thirty-tighth frear of Oedrge XtL

pay the film of forty (hillings, to everf fuch maker or perfon.

XXXI.	Arid be it enafted, Thrit if anjr perfon who (hall bfc a printer,. painter, or ftainer of any paper, as aforefaid, or the Wife, fon, or daughter of fuch perfon, of inf perfon 5°** Penalty employed by hiin or her, as a clerk, workman, of (eryant, fhall obftruft, or not permit any officer to lifter his or heir houfe, woik-houfc, wafe-houCc, or othfer place belonging to, dr ufed for the printing or fUining of any paper to fenre for hangings, or other ufes, or tor the ftoring or *■ keeping of any fuch paper; or not pefmit fuch officer to mcafure, comptite, and take an account of all paper printed*

Sainted, or ftained, or intended to be printed, painted, or ained; every fuch perfon who, or Wbofc wife, loo, daugfc ter, clerk, workman, or fervant, as aforefaid, mall obftruft, of not permit fuch officer of officers as aforefaid, (hall for* feit for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds, _

XX II. And be it enacted, That every perfon who (hall ptpeN

}>rint, paint, or (tain any P*pcr in this kingddtn* to ferve (taincre to mate or hangings, or other ufes, (nail once in every month, make mur?s a true entry in writing at the etcife office for the diftrift ip which he of (he (hall rtftde, of all the paper by him; ^ *enmuj-her, or them printed, painted, or (gained, within fuch iiiontb, in which entry (hall be Contained, an account of the juft quantities of fuch paper*,upon pain of forfeiting for every rtegleft of fuch entry, the fum of fifty pounds; which an* tries (hall be made upon oath, or in cafe of a quaker, upon folcmn affirmation of the printer , painter, or ftainer of fuch paper, or of his, her, or their chief workman, or fervant, employed hi printing, painting, or ftainirig fuch paper, according to the bell of his, her, or their knowledge or belief; which oaths or affirmations (hall and may be ad-miniftered by the collector or furvevor of excife of the dif-trift within which fuch printer, painter or „ ftainer or paper,

(ha:l be'refident, or other perfon empowered to admiuiller oaths in matters relating to his Majefty'g revenue, without any fee for the fame.

XXXIIi., And be it enabled. That every perfon who Duty tote (hall print, gaint, or fta’n any fuch paper in this king-	within 7

dom, (hall from time to time, within feven days after he,	^efai.^T

(he, or they (hall have made, or ought to hafve made f ich ^tyaol entry, as aforefaid, pay and clear ©it all the duties (or all doable duty, fuch paper as (hall by them rcfpeftively be printed, painted, &c* or ftained, and for paper for which, under the provilions of this aft, fuch perfon or perfon3 (hall be chargeable with the faid duty, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein the fum of twenty pounds, and double the amount of the duties, whereof the payment (hall not be fo Vol, XI.	Cc	made;

Digitized by

4f*

A. D.

179$. Chap. 24.

Notice to be toe to fifteen, penalty 10I.

Paper to be marked before it it primed.

TJx tkirty+fktb Ti$r *f Georgp IIL

n»dc; #n$ that no fuch perfon after fuch default of raent, (hall fell, deliver, or carry out any fuch printer, painted, or ftained paper, until he Qr (be hath paid and cleared off all duty due, as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds*

XXXIV.	And be re enaded, That 3s often as *oy printer, painter, or ftainer of fuch paper, (hall receive ?ny paper into his or her cqftody or pofleflion, he or (he (hall within twenty-four hours after the receipt thereof, give notice thereof to the officer of cxcife, exprefiing the quantity of paper fo received, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect, the fum of ten pounds; and before any paper for printing, painting, or ftaining, (ball be printed, painted, or ftained, the officers of excifc (hall be permitted to take accounts of the quantities and dimenfions of all fuch paper, which at any time or times (hall be in the cuftody or pofleflion of anr printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, and upon taking fuch accounts thereof, (hall mark and (lamp every (beet and piece thereof, with a (lamp or feal, to be provided by the commiflioners of his Majeity’s revenue of excifc, thereby to denote that'fuch account had been taken of fuch paper; and in cafe any officer (hall mifs any quantity or quantities of fuch paper, wheieof he hath taken fuch account, and (hall not, upon demand, receive fatisfadion, that the feme hath been difpofed Of in fuch manner as that his Majefty (hall not be defrauded of the dufy thereon, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer to charge fuch printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, in the return to be made, as aforefaid, with the duties of fuch paper fo miffing, as if the tame was adually printed, painted, or ftained.

XXXV.	And be it enaded, That every printer, painter, or ftainer of paper in this kingdom, to ferve for hangings, and other ufes, before he, (he, or they (hall print, paint, or (lain any piece of paper, or any (heet of paper, where a Angle totet of paper (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, (hall produce and (hew fuch piece of paper, or (heet of paper, to the proper officer of excifc, and fuch officer (hall take an account thereof; and in cafe fuch officer finds that every (heet thereof is marked or (tamped in manner aforefaid, he (hall meafure the fipne, and mark fuch piefce of paper, or (heet of paper, where a fingle (heet (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, at both ends thereof, with a frame-mark, denoting the meafure thereof, and with fuch other number or mark as the chief commiflioners of His Majefty *s revenue of excife (hall dired ; and in cafe any printer, painter, or ftaider of paper, (hall print, or begin to print, paint, or (lain any piece of paper, or (heet of paper, where a Angle (heet of

paper

3

Digitized by

Google

Tie tbirty<igbtb Tear of George III.

paper (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, before the fame ill ail be meafured or marked at both ends thereof, by the officer of cxcife, as by this adi is diredkd, the printer, painter, or ftainer, in whofe poffeffion the fame ftwll be found, fhall forfeit the* fum of ten pounds for every fuch piece of paper, or fheet of paper fo printed, painted, or ilained, or begun to be printed, painted, or flained, without having been meafured and marked as aforefaid ; and every piece or fheet of paper pri ted, painted, or ftained, or begun to be printed, painted, or ftained, which fhall he found in the poffeffion of any fuch printer, painter, or ftainei of paper, which (hall not hare been ma ked with fuch frame-mark, denoting the meafure thereof, fhall be forfeited, and may be ftized by any officer of the revenue.

XXXVI.	And be it enabled, That a> the pajjer, and all ^ tQ the materials and utenfils for the printing, pointing, and fabi* 2>cc< be? flaintng thereof, in the cuftody of any printer, painter, cr

flairicr of paper, or of any perfon or perfons, to the ufe of; or in truft for them, or any of them, fhrll be liable and fub-je6l to, and are hereby made chargeable with all debts and duties for paper printed, painted, or ftained, in arrear, and owing by any primer, painter, of ftainer, for any paper printed, painted, or ftained by him, her, or them, in his, her, or their work-houfe, ware-houfe, or other place, and fhall alfo be fubjedt to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fuch printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or other perfon ufing fuch work-houfe, or other place, for any offence againfl this a&, relating to the faid duties on paper printed, painted, or ftained; and it fhall and maybe lawful in alt fuch cafes, tc levy debts and penalties, and ufe fuch proceedings as may be lawfully done In relation to paper, in cafe the debtors or offenders were the lawful owners of the fame. ^

XXXVII.	And whereas printers,'painters, or ftainersof Paper to be paper, may frequently have occafion to cut pieces of paper, *®r ftroptm printed, painted, or ftained, into remnants or parts for fam- c*

pies, or other purpofes; be it ena&ed, That when any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, fhall be defirous of cutting any piece or pieces of paper printed, painted, or ftained, into remnants or parts, fuch printer* painter, or / ftainer, fhall give fix hours notice to the officer of exerfe* and fuch officer fhall attend and fee the frame-marks and ftamps put as herein before airefted, at both ends of ev£r/ fuch piece of paper, cut off from every fuch piece or piece# of paper, and after having feen fuch piece or pieces of paper cut into remnants or parts, fhall mark or ftamp every fuel* remnant or part at each end theteof, with fuch ftamps or C c %	parks

40 i

D.

.798.

Chap. 24*

All paper, fcc.

\

yGoogle

The thirty-eighth Tear tf George III.

marks at the commiffionersaf excife (hall from time to tzmi

provide for that purpofc.

XXXVIII.	And be k ena&ed, That as foon as any paper (hall be punted, painted, or (lained with aoy colour, or with any figure, the officer of excife (hall take an account of the cm.* •• fame, and (Kail charge the duties for the fame* and (ball ' ibou m printed, ftamp or feal every niece of fuch paper, or every (beet, where any fingle (heetfliaflbc printed, painted, ordained, at both ends of every fuch piece or (beet of paper, with a (lamp or festl, to denote that the duties have been charged thereon ; and if any printer, painter, or (Liner of paper, (hall remove, carry, or fend away, orfuffer to be removed, carried, 6r fent away, any piece or (beet of printed, painted, or (Lined paper, before an account (hall be taken of the fame, and fuch paper ft? **ped or fealed at both ends thereof by the officer, to denote the charging of the (aid duties, every fuch printer, painter, pr (lainer of paper, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds; and all fuch printed, painted, or (lained paper, fo removed, without being (lamped or fealed by the officer, to denote the charging of the faid duties, and found conveying or carrying away, or in the poffeflion of any perfoo, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife. • ftpernot XXXI X. And be it cna&ed, That every printer, pint-charged to be er, or (lainer of any fuch paper, as aforefaid, (hall from tHnC’totb*1* keep all paper printed, pinted, or (lained, and which (hall not have beciuftamped and charged by the proper officer for the faid duties, feparate and apart from all other printed, painted, or (lained paper, which (hall have been (lamped and charged, on pain to forfek for every default, the fum of fifty pounds.	'

XL# And be it enaded, That if any printer, painter, or (lainer of paper, (hall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufc to be hidden or concealed, any printed, painted, or (Lined paper, or any paper marked for printing, painting, or (Lining, then all ffich paper (hall be forfekei, and the party fo offending; (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence.

XLI. And be it^mi&ed, That the chief commiffioners of iuvhicu »ur k1*8 Majeily’s revenae of excife, (hall provide proper frames, ^rf^ei hcreTn. ani* other numbers or marks as they (hall think fit, to denote the mcafure of all pieces or (heets of paper printed, painted, or (lained, and proper (lamps or Teals, to denote the charging of the duties thereon $ and (hall caufe fuch frames, numbers, and marks, and fuch (lamps and feals to be ditlri-buted to the refpc&rve officers of excife, for the feverat pur-pofes aforefaid j and fueh officers are hereby enjoined and required, in ufing the fame, to do no hurt or damage, or the

ffll'vll lf|

penalty 50I.

loci penalty

on concealing paper.

Frame*, marks, Ate. to

nrAtfiftMt Inr

Officer to ftamp paper at

The thirty-eighth Ttar of George III.	405

feaft damage that may be, to the paper to he fo marked or A. Q« ftamped; ~and the faid frames, numbers, or marks, and the 179®-laid damps or feals to he provided in purifuanee of this a&, Chap* 24* may bd altered or renewed from time to time, at tfye laid	iK

€ommiffioners (hall from tin^e to £ime think Hi \ and if any perfon fhall at any time counterfeit or forge any frame, number, or maifc ufed by any officer in marking fuph* paper, or lhall counterfeit or forge the impreflion of the fame, upon any paper to he printed, painted, or darned, every perfon fo offending, fltalt forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and if any perfon fhall at any time counterfeit or forge any damp or (cal, to refemble any damp Of feal provided to denote the charging of the duties on paper printed, painted, or dained in this kingdom, or fbajl counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame, upon any paper printed, painted, or (bined, then evefy perfon fo offending, being thereof con defied in due form of (aw, (hall be adjudged V felon, and be tvanfgoitfd for (even years % and In cafe any perfon (hall at any time fdl any fuch printed, painted, or dained paper, with a counterfeit damp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, every fuch perlon fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the dim of one hundred pounds.

XLI1. And be it ena&ed, That if any printer, painter, 50]. penalty pr ftainer of paper, mall wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, for defacing dr fuffer to be cut put, obliterated, or defaced, the frame- marlcs» *c- ft* piark, number, or mark, put in purfuance of this a£t, on evcry $***• any piece dr (beet of paper, to demote tfi* meafure thereof, every fuch printer, painter, pr dainer of paper, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, for every piece of paper, or fheet of paper, on which the frame-mark, nuijiber, or mark, fo put, fhall be (dwidutly cut out, obliterated or defaced.

XLIII. Apd be it enaded. That Jf pny printer, painter, 50! penalty pr ftainer of paper,'fhall, by any means,1 or. contrivance for affixing arty iipon fuch paper affix tp, or i*pon any piece' of paper, or fheet of gaper, printed, painted, or dained, any frame- herein, mark, or any ftaajp, pr feal, which fhall have been before Affixed, or put on any ot^er pie^e'of paper, or fheet of paper, jmnted, painted, or ftaiped, then aud in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon fo offending, (ball for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and every piece and fheet of fuch paper, whereupon fuch frame-mark." damp, or feal fhall be fo fraudulently affixed or put, (hall oe forfeited and feized.

XLJ.V. i^nd be it epa&cd, That no printer, painter, or 50I pcmlty 'ftainer of paper, fhall keep any paper, printed, painted, or for paper found gained, or to be printed, painted', or itained, marked with ****"? l>lac*’. a fianjc-mark, denofing the meafure thereof, or with a g^iu U° ^ £amp or feal, denoting the charging of the duties thereon, B

■	or

Z

OnunifDorrr

may itluc a warrant to f«*arch for f ^§»cr as

bcrciu.

Remnant* cot be jorfcitvd

T>ap<r to b«

forfeited if longer than ^tercin fpedfied.

Tin ibirty-agbU) 'fern pf George IIL>

Of uimaiked, with either fuch frame-mark, or fuch ftamp, in any ware-houfe, room, or. place whereof no notice foal have been given purfuant to this atf ; and if any paper printed, painted, or (taint'?, or to be printed, painted or llained, whether marked with a frame-mark, qr unmarked, or damped, (hall be found in the pofTeffion of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, in any ware-houfe, room or place whereof fuch notice (hall not have been given, then, and m every fuch cafe, the party fo offending, /hall forfeit the Him of fifty pounds for every fuch offtnee ; and all fuca paper fo found /hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of pxcife.	v

/.LV. And be it ena ted, That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible perfon or perfons, that he, the, or they have reafon to fufpecl or believe that any paper printed, painted, or Gained in this kingdom, for which a duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been it imped as by this act is directed, is in the cuftody or poffeHion of any perfoq not bcipg a printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, without Laving thereupon fuch {lamp or feal as is by this act reo4uired, to denote the charging the duties thercupop, it (hdl and may be lawful for any commiftioner of excile, or for any one juflice of the peace, from time to time, to i/Tue his warrant or order, thmby authorizing and requiring any officer or officers of excife, with the affiftance of a confine or other peace officer, in the day time, to fearcli for the fame, and to open doors, clicks, trunks and packages, and to feize fuch paper, printed, painted, or Gained, not having fuch ftfcmp or leal thereon; and fuch paper, printed, painted or Rained, found undamped in the poffeffion of any fuch perfon ihcl? be forfeited.

XJ-iVT. Provided always, That no remnant of any piece of fuch printed, painted, or Gained paper, being of lefs length than /hall be expreffed by the frame-mark thereon, beir.£ fo found, having fuch Gamp or feal as by this a& « required, at one endtheieof, fhall be forfeited by reafon of pot having fuch ftamp or feal at both ends thereof; and if any perfon /hall obftrudl any officer of excife from enuring any fuch place or places, for the purpofes afortfaid, or in fuzing or carrying away any paper by this a& forfeited, every ptrfon lo offending /half forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XLVIII. And for the better preventing of frauds by the lengthening or adding to any piece, or renernant of a piece of fuch printed, gajnted or damped paper, after fuch piece of paper fhall have been damped or foaled at both puds thereof, as by this ^d is required ; be it	That

Digitized by

Googl

*the thirty-eighth Teat of George III.

it at any tiitie any piedc of rethnant of a piecd of papei*,

Srmted, painted, or (laifted, not having fuch fiame-tnark, and amp thereon, as by this aft is required, gx having fuch frame-mark and ftamp at one end thefeof only, and being of as great or greater length thad (hall be £x prefled by fuch frame-mark, or having fuch frame-mark and (lamp at both end3 thereof, and being of greater length than (hall be ex-pretTed by fuch frame-fnark, by the length of half a yard, or more, (hall be found in the pofieflion of any printer, painter, or ilainer of paper, or trader ot dealer therein, every fueh piece of paper or rentnartt (hall be forfeited, and fnay be fcized by any officer of extife, arid the printer, painter, or (lainer of paper, or trader of dtalef therein, in whole pofieftion the fame (hall be fottrid, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XLVIII. And be it cnafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfori who (hall have aftually paid the duty. charged on any fuch printed, painted or ftained paper, and for any other perfon who (hall buy or be lawfully entitled to any (vch paper from the perfon who aftually paid the duty charged on the fame, to export fuch printed, painted or ftained paper to any foreign parts, by way of merchan* dize, and fuch exporter (hall receive a drawback of fuch duty.

XLTX. Provided always, That fuch exporter, before the. (hipping of fuch paper, (hall give fuch fecurky, and before he (hall receive fuch allowance or drawback of the {aid duty, (hall perform fuch fequifite* as are required to entitle merchandize to drawback of any duty; and provided that before the (hipping of fuch paper due proof upon oath or affirmation be made that the laid duty had been paid; and the colleftor of his Majefty’s revenue, in the port from which paper (hall he exported, (hall pay the (aid drawback - out of any money in his hands.

L. And be it enafted, That if after the (hipping of any fiich paper to be exported as aforefaid, and the giving of fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order to obtain the drawback herein before mentioned, the paper fo (hipped to be etv ported, or any part thereof, (hall be re-landed in this kingdom, then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalties of the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the paper which (hall be fo landed, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited:

LI. And be it enafted. That all and eVery the fines, penalties, and forfeiture! inftjfted by this aft, other than except as by this aft is otherwife provided for, (hall and may be fued for, recovered, and levied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are prqfcribed, direfted, and appointed in) and



A. I*

, *79*-

Chap. 24.

Drawback allowed tn exportation.

Requifite* to be' performed to entitle exporters to drawback.

Paper relanded after being entered for exportation (hall be forfeited, &c.

Fines, &c. recovered as bf 146c 15 C. a. with like remedy of appeal.

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

1798.

In fare to 15 V*rc|>. *7f9* lot m«

fir thtoy+gkh JW 0/George III.

by an a& of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth yean of hit late Majcffy, Charles the fecond, entitled* An a8 for the fettling the exeife or new tmppf upon bis Afem/fy, bis heirs and fuccejfors, according to the book of rates tberdss inferted\ as fully and effectually, to all intents, coqftrt|&ion$ ‘and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly" mentioned, exprcffed, and ena&ed in this a& $ with like remedy of appeal to die party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfebres aggrieved or injured, as in and by the laid a£t or this prctpnt att is provided.

‘Lll. And he t ena&ed, That this act (hall continue of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the cud of die then next feffion of parliament, and uo longer.

P^ap. xxy.

Eocitml 36

ftp AS to amgnian AS pofcdin tbs Thirtyfixth Tear of tb? Reign of His Majefiy King George the Third, "Entitled, An Ad far the better and more convenient Adminifration of Jujfice, and for the Recovery of fmall Debts in a fummary *Way, at the SeJJions of the Peace, of the feveral Counties at Iflgtt wkbm this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an Ad, Entitled, An Act for the bettor Execution of the Law% apd Preferration of the Peace, within Coupttcs at large•

\T7HEfl.EAS by an aft puffed in the tbirty-fixth year p ▼ of hi$ prefent MajeftyV reign, entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient admwjtration of juJHce, and Jog the recovery of fmall debts in a fummary way, at the fijfwns of the peace of the feveral counties at large, within this king-dm> (except the county of Dublin,) and for continuing and amending an act» entitled, An act for the better execution of the lawf and prefervdtioi\ of the peaee within counties at barge, it is ena&ed, That from and after the firft day of September, io the year of our lord, oue thou fa nd feveo hundred and niqcty-fix, gehcial fefiions of the peace, or adjournments thereof, in every county at large, in this kingdom, (ball be hokfen eight times in every year at the lead $ the four new ieffions or adjournments to be holden io fix .weeks from the times refpc&ively now by law appointed for the holdipg of the general quarter-feffions of the peace: and whereas it has been found by experience more conducive to the convenient and effe&ual adminilt ration of criminal and civil judicc, in the feveral counties at large in the

kingdom



" Tie tbirfytJgbtb Tear of Gcprge IIL

kingdom, that the (aid four new feffions (hoiftd be holdei)

M near as may be to the times now refpe&ively by law apr .pointed for holding the general quarter-feffions of the peace, apd that the times at which fuch general feffions are to be holden, fhould as nearly af the circumftances of the fevenjl pounties will admit, be 6$ed and determined; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent hfajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament ^flerabled, and by the authority of the feme, That from and after the firft day General feffion* of May, in the year of our lord, one thoufand feven hun- lhall he held S dred and ninety-eight, general feffions of the peace (hall be a !***• ® holden eight time* in every year, in every county at large ^pTouhnn, a" in the kingdom, e$c£pt the county of Dublin, at the times times herciii difollowing, that is to fay, in the week after the Epiphany, rfc&cd, &c. T in fome one divifion of every fuch county, and in, the lame week, or in the week next enfuing at fartheft, in the other divifion of every fuch county $ in the week next after Eafter Tucfday, in fome one divifion of every fuch county, and in the fame Week, or in* the week next enfuing at fartheft, in the other divifion of every fuch county; in the week next after Saint Thomas the martyr, in fome one divifion of every fuch county, and in the fame week, or in the week next enfuing at fartheft, in the other diyifion of every fuch county ; in the week after Saint Michael, in fome one divifion of every fuch county, and in the fame week, or in the week . next enfuing at fartheft, in the other divifion of every fuch county; and that fuch feffions (hall be good and efte&ual feffions for the acfininiltration of criminal juftice, and for doing all other bufinefs of what nature foever, now by law appointed to be done at the general quarter-feflions of the	^

peace, for every part of the find counties refpe&ively : and that a civil bill court (hall be holden at every of fuch feffions, for the refpe&ive divifions of fuch counties, with the like powers, authority, and jurifdi&ion, in every refpedl, now by law given to the civil bill courts, holden at the times, and in the banner appointed by the faid adt of the thirty-fixth year of his prelent Majefty.

II.	Provided always, That the affiftant-barrifter in every Affiftant bar-county at large, in the kingdom, or in cafe of his abfencc, riders, &c. to from ficknefs, or any other caufe, the other juftices of the ^j^ownsfor peace (hall at a Michaelmas feffion in every year, appoint fuc]j feffioni & the days and towns (among thofe named by the proclama- Michaelmas tion or the lord lieutenant for that purpofe) at which the feffion. feveral feffipns (hall be holden for fuch counties refpe&ively, taking fpecial care to allow a fufficient number of days for , the execution of the bufinefs of the refpetiive feffions; and that the clerks of the peace of every fuch county, (hall in their refpedtive counties, caufe notices of the days and towns fo - .	,	’	appointed.

The thirty-eighth Tear tf George Iff* "

appointed, to be printed, and to be fixed op and periled n every of thofe town®, and likewife in rr^y market-town of the feveral counties rcfpcdively, before the ftrft day of December next enfoing, in every year, and alfo three weeks at the lead, before the day# fo appointed for every feffkro rcfpcdively; and the grand juries of the fevetal counties ' are hereby authorized and empowered to prefent a fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, as a compenfatfon to the feveral clerks of the peace, for their expence and trouble therein, upon an affidavit of filch clerk of the peace, to be fworn before one of the judges of affize, and laid before fuch grand juries, (hewing particularly that he has, and ta what planner, complied with the proviiions of this act-

III.	And whereas it will tend to promote and advance nftcr* may hear more effedttally the purpofes of the faid ad, that the jurif-a^ionVasTcre- didion °f the faid afli flan t-barri Hers, with refped to civil in	bills, (hould ki certain cafes be enlarged, and fhould alfo be

extended to certain adions of trcfpafs, and alfo to certain adions on the cafe, to which their powers do not, as the I ‘	law	now (lands, extend: be ft further enaded. That it {hsU.

and may be lawful for the affiflant-barriflers in their refpre-^ve counties, to hear and determine by civil bill, all adions of trover and quantum meruit, in which the fum demand* cd in the procefs (hall not exceed the fum of ten pounds; and alfo all adions of trefpafs for any injury done to the perfun or goods of the plaintiff, (criminal converfation with the wife of the plaintiff* only excepted,) and alfo all adi-or.s on the cafe, (Hander only excepted) wherein the fum demanded in the procefs (hall not exceed the fum of five pounds; and to award in like manner as they are by law empowered in other cafes, fuch compenfation in damages doc exceeding the fum of five pounds, or ten pounds, refpec-tively, in fuch adiorts as the circumftances of the cafe (haft warrant.

Clerks of the IV. And whereas a tabic of fees, to lie paid bv perfons or being fued in civil bill courts, is appointed and °tftemcu*jJm"*	by the faid ad, but no fee is therein appointed to be

paid to the feveral clerks of the peace for their expence and trouble in iffuing fuLpmnat ad tedificandum: be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful tor the feveral clerks of the peace in their refpedive counties, to take the fum of four pence on every fubpana ad tejlificaudum, requiring the attendance of any witnefs on a trial by civil bill, to be by them iffned.

Oath to be V. And be it further enaded. That the oath hereafter to admimRcrcd as ^ adminiftered by the feveral affiftant-barriffers to the clc&a ,erciii.	0f peace, or their deputies, in their refpedive counties

at the (eyeral feffions of the peace, at which caufes (hall be heard and determined by civil bill, (hall be as follows:

/ A. B.

4v»

A Aidant bar

t

TAr tUrtyfighth Tear of Gwgc II ^	+<t

I A* B. clerk of the peace, or deputy, do /wear, that / A* D.

fw/ already ehreSly or indireSly taken, *wk/ witf #wf *5r*£-	1798.

or indireSlv take apy greater or other fee, or fum or fuwu of Chop, a J# money, or other thing, for, or on account of any matter or thing \ —/ done, or to he done, in any cauje to be beard and determined be* fore the affijlant-barrifler of this county of	at

tbit prefcnt fejfion of the peace, by civil bill, than is allowed by an att of parliament paJTcd in the thirty-firth year of hie prefcnt Majeflfs reign, entitled, An act for the better and more ccrrvcnicnt adminijlration of jvftice, and/or the recovery of fmall debts m a fummary way, at the fej/ums of the peace of the fevered counties within this kingdom ; and olfo by another act faffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his /aid Majffly, for the purpofe of amending the fame.

VI.	Whereas by the (aid recited ad, it is eroded. That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-fix, it (hould and might be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to divide each and eveiy of the feveral counties at large within this kingdom, (except the county of Dublin) into two divifions, for the purpofe of more conveniently hearing and determining of civil bills only, and that each of fuch divifions (hall confilt of a certain fiumber of baronies, or nalf-baronies, or both: and whereas it may much contribute to the eafe of the inhabitants of the barony of Ballinacor, in the county of Wicklow, if the faid barony was divided into two divifions for the putpofes ‘of the faid ad : be it therefore ena&ed. That from and after the fir ft. dry of May next, the (aid barony of Ballinacor, (hall be two diftind divifions, or half-baronies, for the purposes of the faid recited ad, and that one of faid diviiions thall confift of the parilh of Kilcommon, and thofe parts of the parifhes of Kilpipe and Hacketftown, which are fituatc, lying and being in faid barony, and (hall be called and known by the name of the upper half-barony of Ballinacor ; and that the other divifion thereof (hall>confift of the pariihes of Rathdrum and Derryloflary, fituate, lying and bejng in faid barony, and (hall be called and known by the name of the lower half-barony of Ballinacor.

VII.	And be it enatfced. That the recorder of the city Dublin, (hall hereafter hold courts for hearing civil bills,

four times in every year; as nearly as may conveniently be, at equal diftances from each other, be appointed by the Recorder.

Ballinacor, is . to. W icklow, (halfbe two divifion#-, a» herein.

Recorder of

Dubl’n to hold

civil-bill-courts four timet a year.

C^AE

Digitized by Google

♦»*

A. D.

Tit thirif^ghtb Tear ef George NX, CHAP. XXVI.

Any feffion of •per and ter-miner for the or*. or diy of Dublin, com* nmred in vacation, maybe can tinned. Sec,

proceeding*

valid.

Judge* may order period* in execution to be

49 *4 empower the Jvfttces of Oyer end Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for the County of Dublin, andfor the County of the City of J)ubthI, to continue to hold a Sefforts of Oyer add Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, begun to be balden before the EJJbigu Day of Term, noHvithflandmg the Sit-tmg of the Capri of Ktnf s-Bench, in either of the find Counties, and to enable all Judges of djjfae, and Qoimeaf Jtoners of Oyer and Terminer to order Berfons m fxeadioa^ to attend beforq them a$ WitoeJJc:?

XT^HEREAS, by the law of this realm, the authority Xv of juftices appointed by commiffiobs of oyer and terminer, or of gaol delivery, is fufpended by the fitting of his Majefty’s court of King’s-bench, in the county for which fuch commifjion is awarded : Abd whereas it fbme-times* happens that the gaols of the county of Dublin, and the county of the city of Dublin, have not been delivered, by reafon of the effoign day of term intervening during the fdfion of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, and the fitting of the court of King’a-bench, in one or other of the faid counties, by reafon whereof divers prifoners have been detained in pnfon until another feflion* to the great hindrance of juftice ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by ahd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons m parliament affembled, and by the authority of th^ fame. That and after the thirty-firtfc day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, when any ffffion of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery for the faid counties of Dublin, and county of the city «# Dublin, or either of them,' commenced in th^ vacation between any two terms, the fame feflion may be continued to be holden, and the bufinefs thereof finally concluded,' although fuch feffion (hould be piotra&ed and continued until the effoigh day of the term next enfiling the commencement of the fame, and the fitting of the court of KingVbench in confequenoe thereof, in cither of the faid counties; and all proceedings,' judgments, and all a&s done in confequenoe of fuch proceedings and judgjnefits, made or done at fucb fcffions fo continued after the efloign day of any term, (hall . be good and valid in law, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.	x

If. To prevent delay in bringing up perfons in execution, to give evidence upon trials to be had at the affixes, or

UfoTQ

The thirty-eighth Tear 0/ George ill.

brfore cotaraiffioners of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery;. be it ena&ed, That <it (hall and may be lawful to and for juftices of affize, mf priue, or commiffioners of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, by order in writing to be by brought up to them refpe&ively figned, to dire& any perfon in execution, give evidence, and in the cuflody of any fherifF or other officer, in any county wherein they (hall fit, to be brought up for the pur-pofe of giving evidence in any caufe or trial to be had before them, refpectively.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if any a&ion fhall be if U brought againft any fheriff.or other officer for bringing up brought, (heriA any perfon in execution, in obedience to fuch order, he and may plead the they may plead the general iffue, and give this a6t and the general iffue, fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plain tiffs Scu

fhall become non-foit, or forbear further proceedings, or fuffer difcontinuance, ^>i- if a verdi& pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,, the defendant or defendants fhall recover his, hery or their double cofts, for which fuch defendant or defendants fhall have the like remedy as in cafes in which cofts are bylaw given to defendants.

IV.	And Be it further ena&ed. That this a& (hall be A pohfiefc

deemed a publick adt.	*<£.	N

CHAP. XXVIII.

An aS to amend the Mail-Coach Road, leading from Bantt-1 Bridge to Belfaft.

WHEREAS an a& was made and paffed in the firft RecitalrO.

year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, King 3 for altering George the third, entitled, An ad for altering and amending 7 O* *• an ad of Parliament faffed in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majejiy King George the fecottd, entitled, An aB for repairing the road leading fort the bridge over the Bdnn water, commonly tailed the Barm-bridge, in tlje county of Down* to the town of Belfaf, in the county of Antrim : And whereas the tolls by the laid, a&, ena&ed, have been found inadequate to the repair of tire faid road : be it therefore enadted by the King*s moil excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and dommontf in ^tiis prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth Tolls to be day df March, one thoufand feveri hundred and ninety- paid from 25 right, initead df the tolls and duties at prefent payable oa March, 17^ the laid road, Ac following fhall be received and taken, ** herein, (that is to fay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh,

' chaifei or dthet carriage drawn by fix horfcs or more, the

fam

Digitized by (^.ooQle

4*4

Tie dirifaigiii Tear of Gcotfce IIX.

fum of three (hillings and three pence; for every coachV bcrlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, gig, or other carnage drawn by four horfes or more, the fum of two (hilling* aud two pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, gig, or other carnage drawn by two horfes or more, tbe fum of one (hiUkig and four pence ; for every-chaife, chair, gig, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, the fum of nine pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, dray, car, timber, or other carriage, if the (treats or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on with counter-funk fhtt-beaded nails, bolts, or ferews, and (hall be four inches or more hi breadth, the fum of one penny, for every horfe, or bead ✓ , drawing the fame 5 and if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (half be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than four inches, but not lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of one penny-halfpenny, for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame ; and if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence, for every horfe, or other bead, drawing the fame; and if any of the dreaks, or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any fuch carriage, (hall be fet on with high or fprig-headed nails, bolts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or ferews, not being counter-funk, and flat-beaded, tbe fum of one (hilling, for every horfe, or other bead drawing the fame; for every horie, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, load-en or unloaden, and not drawing, one penny, except horfes, mares, geldings, mules, or afles loaders'with turf, and not drawing; for every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the fum of two (hillings and two pence by the (core, and fo in proportion f • any greater or lefler number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, or lambs, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number 5 and for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, afs, coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, chair, gig, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage travelling on Sunday, from funrife to funfet, one-third of the afore-faid tolls, over and above, and in addition to the tolls hereby made payable upon fuch carriages and cattle refpe&ivcly travellingon any other day than Sunday, which faid refpec-tive fum or Aims of money (hall be demanded, and taken, in the name of, or a9 a toll or duty, and the pioncy fo to be raifed as aforefaid, upon each refpe&ive df+ifion of the faid road, (hall be vetted in the manner dire&ed by the faid recited a6ls, or either of them, and applied and difpofed of as therein dire&ed.	9

Onlv id. (hall II. Provided always* That for every ca>, whofe wheels, be paid fur cars, however narrow they may be, (hall be formed and put on, dee,	fa

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

fo as to turn round the axletree, and whofe axletjpe (hall be fixed, fo as not to turn round with the wheels, the fum of one penny only* and no more, ihall be demanded, or taken at any fuch gate, for each horfe, or other beaft drawing the fame, if the (freaks or (hoeing of fuch wheels be fet on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews.

III.	Provided always neverthelefs. That any other paf-fenger or paiTengers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage which hath been fo charged as aforefaid, (hall be liable to, and accordingly be charged the like toll, as herein before mentioned, with the fame cattle or carriage, notwithstanding toll had been before paid for the fame cattle or carriage by other paiTenger or paffengers within the fame divifion in the fame day, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that each and every perfon and perfons travelling in carriages, (hall contribute to, and be liable to defray the expencc of repairing and keeping in repair the faid turnpike-road.

IV.	Provided alfo, That fuch cattle or carriage, fo before charged with the payment of toll in the fame divifion in any one day, (hall not on returning with the fame paffen-ger or paffengers, or without any paffenger or paffengers, be liable to the payment of any further or other toll, than as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further cna&ed, That if the driver, or perfon in care of any car, cart, dray, waggon, or carriage, fhall ride upon the fame, on any part of the road from Dublin to Donaghadee, not having fome other' perfon on foot, •r on horfeback to guide the fame, (fuch carriages as are refpe&ively drawn by one horfe only, or two horfes abreaft with bridles in their mouths, and are conduced by Tome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridles excepted,) or if the driver or perfon in care of any carriage, fhall by negligence or wilful mifbehavfour, hinder, obflruft, or interrupt the paffage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty’s fub-je£U on the faid road, or if the driver, or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, fhall refute, or negled to turq afide, and to make way for any coach, chanot,cbaife, loaded waggon,cart, car, dray, or othef loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being convi&ed thereof by his own confef&on, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any of the truftees of the faid road, fhall, for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, and if fuch offender fhall be the owner of fuch carriage, he fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, and every fuch offender, fhall, on non-payment thereof, be committed by any juftice of

the

415 A. D.

1793-Chap. 2$.

Aj herein.

Driven of can, Sec from Dublin to Do-naghadec mnft have a r.erfobtp guide, Sec,

Digitized by

Google

4><*

a. ri.

1798. Chap, 28.

v

Drive** to keep mi the left hand fide of * the toad.

Cclle&or* and trufiecs may Hop cart, * c.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

the peace of the county, in which fiich offence (hall be committed, to the gaol, or houfe of corre&ion, there to be kepi to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month* or until the fa id fine be paid, and every fuch oftende*, at perfon, in care of fuch carnage* offending in any of the (aid cafes, may by the authority of this a&, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any perfon who fhafl fee fuch offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a conftable, or other peace officer, to be conveyed bitfore fame juftice of the peace.

VI. And be it further enaded, That if the driver, or perfon in cafe of any cart, car, dray, Waggon, coach, chaife, or other carriage on any part of the (aid road, from Dublin to Donagliadee, (hall, by negligence, or wilful intention, omit or Tail to keep fuch carnage on (iis left hand dde of the road, fo as by fuch omiffion, to hinder or interrupt the paffage of any other carriage on the light hand, or off fide of the carriage he drives, or is in care of, unlefj he (hall t>e prevented by the narrownefs of the road, or^ any accidental or temporary obftru&ion, or .want of repair thereon, tvery fuch driver, br perfon, mail for every fuch offence, foifcit or fuffer fuch penalty or puniihment as the driver of an empty carriage refuting to turn afidc, and make way for a loaded carriage, is by this a£t made fub-jedl to.

VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforc-

faid, That every colled or, or perfon a&ing as fuch, (hall have power to detain at any pay-gate, every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon the toll varies, according to the breadth of the ftreaks, or (hoeing of the wheels, and to measure the fame, and every trufleu (hall have the like power to (lop and meafure the wheels of every fuch car, or carriage, at each and every gate, pa any part of the faid road* and if any driver, or other perfon, (hall hinder, orrefufe to peirnit liich colle&or, or other perfon to meafure the wheels of any fuch carriage, and flra.ll be convi&cd thereof, upon the oath of one credible withefs, before any juftice of the peace for the county, where fuch offence (hall be committed, or befoie one of the tntftees for the faid road, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or their car, or other carriage, and the horfc or horfes, or other beads drawing the fame, and (he goods thereon, by warrant, under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or truftce, rendering the overplus (if any), after deducing the faid fine, and the expences of fuch diitrefs and fale, to the owner on demand.

VIII. And

\

Digitized by Google.

Tie thirty eighth Tear ofGeorge IH*

. VlII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore* faid, that all turf, dung, dirt, ft raw, rubbiih, {tones, graved {and, or lime which (hall be laid on the faid road; (hall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the faid trufteee of the faid road, and to be their foie property,.and (hall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faid road, fucked, or otherwife difpofed of by then}, an they, or any of them,

{hall think fit.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Tmfteci may

That the faid truftees, or any fire or more of them, fhall out PaT expences of of the tolls, that (hall in virtue of this adt be teceived at	oul	-

the feveral gates# pay all neccffary expences incurred in obtaining and carrying this adt into execution.

X.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefoid, That ApibBckift# this prefent adt (hall be deemed# adjudged, and taken to be a

publick a£t, 4nd (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoevci*, without fpeeiadly pleading the famei

CHAP. XXlXa

V7

A. P. tJ79^

Turf, &c. fltc*

Ah Act td Jecure the collection of the Duties oh Paper made ih Ireland, and to 'prevent Frauds therein*

FOft the better fecUrirtg the payment of the duties payable on paper .made aod manufactured in this king* dom t be it ena&ed by the King’s tnoft excellent Majefty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintuai and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame# That all paper fit 0r	(rife riapef

proper, or that may be ufed for# or applied to the uf*s or	pafteboard

purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of j^?,***®** M them, and alfo all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers, crwo* which (hall be made in Ireland, (hall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be papers of the firft clafs, within the meaning of this "aA; that all coloured papers, and all whited brown papers (not being elephant, or cartridge papers) wliich (hall be made in Ireland, fit or proper for the uic of purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for, or applied to the ufes or pur* pofes of Writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, mail be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the fecond clafs, within the meaning of this a& ; that all brown paper which Thalfbe made in Ireland, fit and proper for the life or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper*

Or capable of being ufed for, or applied to tbc ufca or pur-Vol* XI.	P	du	pofes

9

Digitized by Google

The thirty-eighth Year of George til.

pe(et of writ it g, drawing, and printing, or either of then^ fhall be denominated* deemed, and taken to be paper of the third clafs, within the meaning of this a€t} that every fort or kind of paper not enumerated or deferibed in any of the three dafTrs herein be fore mentioned, (other than and except papers commonly called and known by the names of (bcct-ing ptper, and button paper* or button board) which (hall be made in Ireland, (hall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the fourth clafs, within the meaning of t ia act; ar.d that all pafte-board, mill-boat d, feale-board* and glazed paper* for clothiers, and hot-prefiers fo to be made, (hall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the fifth dafs, withm the meaning of this a6t. piper-makers	II. And be it enacted* That *very maker of papc*r, p&fte-

hoard, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, before he, before 'they nuke	or	make affy fuch paper* (hall, from time to

X, penalty	time* make true and particular entry in writing of every

nd paper, mill, Work-boufe* ware-houfe* ftote-houfe* room, or other &c. forfeited. place by him or her ftrfpe&ively intended to be made oft * of* ill or for the making, drying, or keeping of fuch paper* or any materials proper tci be made into filch paper ; and of all vats, pieflts, utenfils, and vcflels by him or her intended to be ufed in, or for the making of fuch paper at the office of excife within the diftriA wherein fuch mill, work-houfc, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe* room* or other place, refpe£Uvely, (hall he fituate ; and if any fuch maker -hall negledt to make any fuch entry, he of (he (hall, for etery fuch offence, forfeit -	the	film of fifty pounds, together with all the paper, pafte-

board, mill-board, fcale-board, and glazed paper reipe&ively j and all the materials* proper to be made into fuch paper* which (hall at any time be found ill any mill, work-houfe, ware-houfe* ftore-houfe* room, of other place ufed in or for the making* drying, or keeping of paper* pa ft c-board, millboard* feale-board, or glazed paper* whereof no fuch entry (hall be made $ and alio* all fiich vats, prefies, utenfils and tctfels, whereof no fuch entry (hall be made.

In what man- III. And be it ena&ed* That all paper, pafte-board, *«*	mill-board,	fcale-board,	and	glared	paper whatfoever, made

op™* *n t*1,s	ma<k	aP	m*kcr	or	maker*

thereof, in manner hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay, all fuch paper when made, (hall be immediately made up into Quires, each fuch (plire to confift of twenty-four (heets, and (i\ch quires (hall immediately afterwuds be made up into reams or bundles, each fuch ream to confift of twenty fuch quires, «nd each fuch bundle to confifbof figty fuch quires, aud all fuch pafte-board, mill-board* leak-board, and glazed paper, refpe&ively, (hall be immediately made up into parcels* each fuch parcel containing even dozens of (heets, not 4~	Ids

Digitized by

Google

IManufadu-

rf? in cities &r io'/\cno-tk, rof jt:17r15 >r; to » '.v-jo’h ]*.!, - r at

77? thirty eighth Tear of George f IT,

lefs than twenty-four, nor more than feventy-two (heets each parcel; and all quires, reams, and bundles of paper, and all parcels of pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, (hall, within the meaning of this aft, be deemed to con-fid of fuch quantities, refpeftively. and of no other ; and if any fuch maker of paper mall neglcft fo to make up, or ftiall at any time make up any paper, paiie-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper made in Ireland, contrary to the direftions aforefaid, fuch maker (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; and alfo, all the paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, an5 glazed ' paper, nefpeftrvely, made up contrary to the direftions of this act.

IV.	And be it enacted. That every maker of paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale.board, qr glazed paper, whofe mill or mills, or work-houfe, or work houfes is or are (ituat*-: in any city or market-town, who (hall have any fuch paper to fee weighed and charged with duty, (hall give, or caufv to be given, to the officer of excife, under* whofe. furvey / j ' • n fuch maker (hall then be, twenty-four hours previous not'et V1 lierem in writing, of the particular hour and time of the day, i 1 lllL • when the fame (hall be to be weighed and charged with duty ; and every other maker of paper, pafte-board, mill board,

•	feale-board or glazed paper, who (hall have any fuch paper

•	to be weighed and charged with duty, (hall give or caufe to be given, forty-eight hours previous notice in writing, in like manner, and the officer or officers of excife (hail, from time to time, attend agreeably to fuch notice given ; and 'when, and fo foon as fuch officer or officers (hall fo attend, fuch maker, or his or her fervant or fervants (hall produce and bringj to fuch officer or officers, all the paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refp'ec-tively, for or in refpeft whereof the duty is then intended to be charged; which paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, (hall be brought enclofed or tied up

•	in manner herein after mentioned, that is to fay, all fuch paper (hall be enclofed and tied up with a firing, in feveral covers or wrappers, containing one ream or bundle of paper each, and not more or lefs ; and all fuch pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refpeftively, (hall be tied up with a firing in fuch parcels as aforefaid, and that the different parts of (uch thread or firing (hall pafs over and actofs each other at the middle of the ream or bundle of paper, or parcel of pafte-board, mill board, fcale-bolfd, and glazed paper, refpeftively, and where the different parts of fiich' firing (hall crofs each other, the fame (hall be paffed from thence over andaerpfs the ends and (ides of fuch ream

D d 2	K

Digitized by

The tbtripeighth Teat bf GtOfgt 111.

or bundk of paper, or pared of prafte-baZrd, mill-boarf, fcal c-board, or glazed paper, refpe&ively ; and on each eo* ver of Wrt^per produced or brought to fuch offieor orofr cCrs, there (hall already he denominated, marked, written or printed,- by his or her fefvant, m large and legible characters, and in words at length, the clafs of the paper inclofoJ in each fnch cover o> wrapper, diflingurfhmg m which of the (aid four firft clafles, herein before mentioned, the duty for or in refpe& of fuch paper ir chargeable, together wito the true number of fitch ream Or bundle of paper, according to the numbers of fuch reams or bundles of paper of each fuch clafs/ made by fuch maker/ at fuCh mill, daring the then current quarter of a year, commencing and to he Computed from the twenty-fifth day of March* twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, as the cafe mrfy require in f ach year, fuch nUnnfbef to. be taken progrefiively, beginning one, two, and fo onwards, accofdmg to the number cf reams or bundles of paper of each fuch 3afs, made at fuch mill, in each fuch quarter of a year ; and that on each fuch pafeel of the fifth clafs, as aforefaid, there fhall in like manner, before the farhe (hall be produced or brought to fuch officer or officers, be denominated, marked, written, or printed in large and legible chara&ers and in words at length, the description of fuen parcel, and whether fuch parcel is parte*board, mtII-boa3*d, fcdc-board, or glazed paper, and the number of (beefs in each fuch parcel, together with the $rue progrcflhre mirober of fuch parcel of pafte-board, m3h board, and tale-board, of glazed paper, made by fudf maker, at fuch mill, during the then current quarter of z year, commencing as aforeiaid ; and in cafe any mako- of Inch papers, as aforefaid, (hall not at the hour and time mentioned in fuch notice, produce to faeh officer or officers, r all the prtper, pafte-board, mill-board, foak-board, and glazed paper, for or in vefpef! whereof, any duty is then to be charged, fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-hoard, fca?e-board, and glared ptrpcr, refpedlirely, bc^ng tied up, and the pro. |?er clafs, and other the matters herein before preferibed/ marked, written, or printed on the cover or Wrapper of each fuch ream or bundle of paper, and on each fuch parcel of pafte-board, mill-board, teale-boai‘d, and glazed paper rc* fpe&ively, according to the drreftiona of this then every fuch notice ihafl be, and iff hereby declared to be nuU and vmd; and c^kry fuch maker of payer, part e-board, mill*board, fcade-b«»fd or glazed paper, (ball be obliged to' give a frem and like ^ptice before fuch proper, pafte-board/ mill-hoard, tale-board or glazed paper, (hall be taken an account of, and charged with duty} and before tic of (Ee

SuB

S

Digitized by t^ooQle

7~bt thirty-eighth Tear of George III.’

AaS remove, carry or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried or fent away, any fuch paper, pafte-board, millboard, {bale-board or glazed paper, from the mill where the feme fhalj be made,

V.	And be it enabled, That the chief commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, (hall, from time to time, provide proper ft amp*, device® or labels, for (tamping or marking all paper, pafte-board, mHJ-board, feale-board and glazed paper, refpe&ively, made in Ireland, for, or in re-ipc& whereof any duty of exciffi is impofed, and (hall caufe fnch ftamps, devices, or labels to be diftributed to the re-fjpe&ive officers of excife, for the purpofe herein after mentioned $ and the fajd ftamps, devices or labels refpe&ively, pr any of them, (hall or may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the faid commi^oner? pf excife, or the major part of them (hall think (it-

VI- And be it enaft,ed, That if any perfon (hall counterfeit, or cauCe to be counterfeited, any ftamp, device or la-provided or dire&ed tp be ufed, in purfpance of this or (hall counterfeit, forge, or referable the mark or impreffion of any fuch (tamp or device, upon any cover or wrapper of, or belonging to, or ufed with or upon any label affixed to any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, or upon any pafte-board, mill-board, (pale-board, or glazed paper, or (nail have in his or her puftody or poffeffion, any fuch counterfeit (tamp or device, knowing the fame to be /counterfeited, or (hall have in or her cuftody pr poffeffion, pr (hall utter, vend, or fell any paper with a counterfeit pr forged mark or impreffion of any fitch (tamp or device, pn the cover or wrapper of fuch paper, or on any label af-£xed thereto, or any pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, with a counterfeit or forged mark or im-preffion of any fuch ftamp or device upon fuch pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board or glazed paper, or upon any label affixed thereto, knowing the fame to be counterfeited or /orged 5 pr (hall upon any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, which^as not been duly entered with the proper officer, and charged with the duty of excife impofed for or in refpe& of fuch paper, knowingly put or place any cover or wrapper, hav/ng thereon fuch counterfeit or forged mark or impreffion, or any fuch counterfeit label; or (hall knowingly wrap or coyer any ream, bundle or quantity of paper, in any cover or wrapper ufed before as a cover or wrapper, to any other quantity of paper 5 or (hall knowingly *ffix, tie up, put, place, or add any pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, having thereon the impreffion of any fuch ftamp or device, or any label, whether fuch

-	ftamp,

Co mmifii oners may provide (lamp*.

500I. penalty for counterfeiting ftamps or labels.



Digitized by

Google

4*a

A D. 1798. Chap. 29.

Officers te i undies,

&.C.

%>

$•(. penalty f«r defacing or altering mark*.

Officers empowered to nr-tic bundles, &c.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

ftamp, device, or label, (hall be true or counterfeit, to any pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper officer, and charged with the duty of excife, impofed for or in refpeck thereof, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch perfou £0 offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

VII.	And be it ena&ed. That when andfo foon as the officer of excifc attending to charge fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, Audi be ffatisfied that the fcveral conditions before fpeeified, have been fully complied with according to the dire&iona of this a£l, and (hall have alfo afeertained the true quantities and weights of all fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refpe&ively, fuch officer (hal forthwith ftamp or mark each and every fuch ream and bundle of paper, and every fuch parcel of pafte-board, mil-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, for or in refped whereof a duty or excifc is by this a& impofed, w*itk the proper ftamp or device to denote the duty of excife impofed for or in refpeA of fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refpettively, being duly charged ; or fhall affix to each and every fuch ream or bundle of paper, or to every fuch parcel of pafte-board, miff-board, feale-board and glazed paper, a propeT label to. de* note the like duty being fo charged ; and fuch officer fhall forthwith alfo write his name and furname on each and every fuch ream or bundle of paper ; and on each and every fuch parcel of pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board and glazed paper, refpc&ively, together with the date, day and year in which the duty was charged for or in rtfeed thereof, refpe&ively 5 and if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully deface, obliterate or alter any of the refpedive, matters or things herein before preferibed to be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of any fuch ream or bundle of paper, or upon any fuch pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-boar<|, pr glazed paper, or any part thereof, after the refpe&ive (lamps, marks, or labels, (hall have been put thereon by any officer of excife, or fhall wilfully deface or obliterate any impreffion of any fuch. ftamp or mark 5 or (hall wilfully deface, obliterate or alter the name or furname of any fuch offictr, ot ai\y part of fuch name or furname, or any fuch date, or any part thereof* the perfoq or perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VIIJ. And be it ena&cd, That it (hall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excife, at all times, to un* tie and open any ream or bundle of paper tied up in any

wrapper,

The thirty-eighth Tear of George TIT.	41'$

arrapper, or cqoer, having either of the aforefaid claflks of A. D. paper denominated, marked, written, or printed thereon, '	*798.

and tq take thereout, by way of fample, one or more fhee| Chap. 29, or fheets of paper, not exceeding one fheet out of each w quire, paying for fnch Iheet or fheets of paper fo taken,

(if demanded) the market-price thereof \ and if any fuch officer (hall diicovec, in any ream or bundle of flieh paper, any paper or papers of a different clafs than that which (halfl be denominated,'marked, written, or printed oq the cove^ or wrapper in which fuch paper (hall be euclofed, then, and in luch Cafe, every fuch ream, and bundle, refpe&ivelyj fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer Or officers of excife; and the per ion or perfuns who fh ill have marked, written, or printed any fugh falfe clafs on any fuch coyer or wrapper, fhall, fqr' every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pound*. -

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every maker of Entrie^tobe paper, pafte-bo.ard, mfll-board» feale-board, or glazed pv made by paper-per, (hail once in every fix week*, make a tr\^ entry in

writing, at the office of excife of the diftrid m whigh fiic^ paper, paflc^oard, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, fhalj be made, of all the paper, pafte-boaid, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed pappr, by him or her made within fuch fix weeks refpedively ; which entries fhall contain the true clafies of all fuch paper, accordmg to. the fai<\, four claries herein before mentioned, the number of reams and bundles, and the real weights of the reams and bundles' qf paper refpedively, of each fuch clafs, and alfo the real pumber of parcels, and the quantity and weight of all fuch	V,

pafte-board,' mill-board, feale-board, and glared paper, of flic fifth clafs Refpedively, for^ or in rcfprd whereof a. duty o( excife is by this ad impofed, on pain to forfeit foR every negted offuch entry, she fu*n of fifty pounds; whiel\ entries fhall be verified gpon oath, by the makers, of fucl^ paper, pafte-boaid* mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, lefpediveLy, or his, her, or their ghief workman, or Servant, employed in. racking the fame ; provided that no {uch maker br makers, fhall be obliged to go further than, to the office of excife next to the place where fcr:h paper, pafte-boanj, mill-board* fcahsboard* and glazed paper re-.

(pedively, fhall be made, for t)te making of fuch entries aa aforefaid 5 which oaths (hall and* may be adminiftered by the. golledor or fuyveyor.of e*cif<t* oy any perfon authorized by the commiffionera of excife to adminifter oaths, without any*

{ee or change for adminiftering the fam$.

X.	And beitenaded, That every maker of paper, paftc- Doties to be ^oard, mifl-board| feale-board, or glazed paper, mall from,

time

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

1798.

Viper, See. Hoc co be remove dfrom mills until weighed end <Utnpc4,&t.

paper, 5cc. hot to be rt> tnoyed in lefs than 24 'hours after weighing.

The thirtf*ciglth Ttar of George III.

time to time, within three months after he, (he, or they, (hall make, or ought to have made fuch entry of the pa-

Eer, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, y him, her, or them made, as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the duties of excife, for all paper, pafte-board, mfl* board, feale-board, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them rcfpe&ivdy made, upon pain of forfeiting double the amouat of fuch duties.

XI.	And be it enaded, That no maker of paper, pifte* board, millboard, feale-board, or glared paper, (hall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, from the mill where the fame (hall be made, any paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them made, until the pro* per officer (hall have taken an account thereof, nor fhafl remove any fuch paper in any lefs quantity than in a ream or bundle, nor any fuch phfte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, m any lefs quantity than the entire pored in which the duty was charged, nor until $?cry fuch ream and bundle of paper, ^nd every fuph pared of fuch pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, re(]pec-tivdy, (hall have been duly weighed and charged, and damped, markpd, or labelled as herein is dire&ed, nor (hall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, any fuch paper, without having thereon the cover or wrapper in which fudi paper was charged with the duty, nor any fuch paper, pad e-board, mill-board,- feale-board, or glazed paper, without the ira-predion of the officer’s damp or label, nor without the officer’s name and furname, together with the day and year when fuch duty in refpedl thereof was charged, and the fe* veral matters herein before in that behalf prescribed, being marked, written, printed, or dixed on fuch cover or wrapper of paper, or on fuch pafte-board, mill-hoard, feale-board, and glazed paper refpeftively, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence ; and every fuch ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the fame, and all fuch pade-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper refpe&ively, that (hall be found removing or removed, contrary to the dire&ions of this ad, (hall be forfeited, together with the horfes or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other vcffels ufed in removing pr carrying the fame, and (hall and may be feized by auy offiper or officers of excife.

1 XII,1 And be it ena&ed, That no maker of paper, pade-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, (hall remove or convey away any paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, from the mill or other place w here the fame (ball have been weighed by any officer of excife,

................................... .	for

Digitized by



The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

for the purpofe of charging the duty before the expiration of twenty-four hours next after the fanie (hall have been fo weighed ; and every maker of paper, pafte-board, millboard, feale-board, and glazed paper refpeCtively, (hall from t£>.e to time, keep all luch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper refpeCtively, which (hall have been to weighed, feparate and apart from all other paper, pall e-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, for the fpace of twenty-four hours from the time when the fame (hall have been fo weighed, unlefs the fame (hall fooner have been re-weighed by an infpeCtor or furveyor of excife, to the end that fuch infpeCtor or furveyor may have an oppor* tunity to re-weigh the fame after fuch officer; and if upon the re-weighing any fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, any additional weight (hall be found, fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, (hall be liable to, and chargeable with the faid rfcfpective rates and duties of excife, by this aCt impofed, according to fuch laft mentioned weight; and if any fuch maker (hall remove, or caufc or fuffer to be removed, any fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or gla2ed paper, contrary to the intent and meaning of this aCf, or (hall not keep all paper, pafte-board, mill board, feale-board* and glazed paper refpeCtively, which (hall have been weighed* feparate and apart from all other paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refpeCtively, in manner herein before directed, the maker or makers of fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, Jo offending, (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing In this aCl contained, (hall extend, or beseemed or conftrued to extend to hinder or prevent any maker of paper from fending fuch paper from the mill where the fame (hall be made, upon forty-eight hours notice in writing being previoufly given to the officer of excife, under whofc furvey fuch maker (hall then be, to any other mill, to be fized or finiflied fit for ufe, in order that fuch officer may attend and take an account thereof; and provided that luch paper be removed with a proper certificate from fuch officer, expreffing the clafs and quantity of fuch paper ; and that when fuch paper (hall have been fo removed to the mill or place where the fame is to be fized, or made fit for ufe, the fame (hall be at fuch mill or place under the like directions as to (lamping, marking, labelling, and alL matters and things, as if fuch paper had been finiftied and fized at the mill where made; and fuch maker (hall, for the breach of any of the directions aforefaid, be fubjcCt to the like penalt y as he or

(he

4*r

A.

1798. Chap* 29*

Paper may removed from millfttobefifiifk-ed, on 48 hours notice to officers*

Digitized by L^ooQle



\

A. D. ftie would hare been fubje& to, if the laid paper hftd nofc,

1798. been removed.

Chap. 29. XIV. And be it enabled, That every maker of paper. —* pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper. <hafl

Paper marked, at all time* keep all fuch paper refpe&vely by him or * £p> fliall be kept	made, which (hsfll have been	charged and (lamped, marked

a»^7not”1 fUC^	an^ labelled as aforefaid, by	any officer of excife, feparate

penalty joL	and apart from aU paper,	pafte-bqard, mill-board, fcale-

board, and glazed paper, which (hall not have been charged and (lamped, marked or labelled, by any officer of excife ;

•	and (hall alfo, keep all paper	which (W1 have been fo. marked, (lamped, pr labelled, of	one clafs, feparate suad apart

from all other £uch paper, fo marked, damped, or labelled, of any other clafs, on pain that every fuch maker offending therein, (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds

Officers may XV. And be it er\a£led, That k (hall and may be lawful ttterallmjlls, for any officer or officers of excife, frqm time to time, and counts0/ C ^	times	by	day or by night, but if in the night, then iif

the prefence of a conftabie, or ojher officer of the peace* to enter into all and every the mills, work-houfey ware-houfes, ftore-houfes, rooms, and other places, entered or * made ufe of by any maker of paper, pafte-board, mffi-fepard, fcale-board, or glazed paper, in, or for thp making* keep-' (ng, or drying luch papers, Or materials proper to be made, fnto paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed^ paper, and by weighing^ tale, or otherwife, as to fuch officer or officers (hall fee meet, to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper, pafte-board* mill-board, .fcale-board, and glazed paper, which (haft have been made by fuch maker from time to tin\e, and (hall thcrepf make a report or return in writing to the colle&or of the diftri&iu, which* fuch maker (hall rende, leaving or giving a tnie copy, of fuch report, under his haiuh with, for, or to fuch maker, if fuch copy (hall be demanded (in writing) v and fuch report or return of the officer or officers, (hall be a charge, upon fuch maker; and if any fcch officer ffiajl refufe to give," or leave a ^.rue copy of his report in writing, at the time of taking of fuch accounts, fuch copy being demanded as. aforelaid, fuch officer (hall for every fuch offience forfeit the. fum of forty (hillings to fuch maker.

Paper-makers XVI. And be h cna&ed, That every maker of paper,

*0 keep fcale* pafte-board, mill-bpar<)t fcale-board, or glazed paper, (hall, and weights, &c. and he or ffie k hereby required* ^0 k^eep fuflfcienr ajidjuft penalty iool. (bales and weights at the place or, places where he or (he (hall make or produce to be?cWgedy any paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, ojr glazed. paper, and alfo to permit and fuffer any officer or officers of excife to ufe the fame*

fo*

The thirty-eighth Teat of George III.

far the purpofc of aftsertaining the duties of excife,- for or in refpe& ot fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper; and if any maker or makers of paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, (hall pegleft to keep fuch fcales and weights, or either of them, ox (hall not permit or fuffer any officer of excife to ufe the fame for the purpofe aforefaid, he or (he (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and if. any maker of paper, pafte-boatd, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, (hall for the weighing of any fuch paper, provide or make ufe of, or caufe or procure, or fuffer to be provided or made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft, or infuffi-cient fcales or weights, or fcall pra&ife any art, device, or cootriv^pce, by which any fuch officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from, or deceived in taking the juft and tTue weight of any paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch maker of fuch paper (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all fucli falfe, unjuft, or infufficient fcales and weights, refpec-* tively, and the fame (hall aiidmay be fcized by any officer or officers of excife.

XVII.	And be it enabled. That every maker of paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, (hall io often as he or (he (hall be thereunto required by any office* of excife, in whofe walk he or (he (hall then be^ or oy syiy infpe&or or furveyor of excife, bring or caufe to be brought and put into, and taken out of the fcale, aH paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, and glazed paper, rcfpec-tively, belonging to fuch maker, and which fuch officer or officers (hall be defirous to weigh, and take an account of, or which fuch infpt&or or furveyor (hall be defirous to re-weigh, and (hall alfo at the requeft of fuch officer, or in-fpeefcor,' or furveyor, by themfelves5 refpe&ively, and with a fufficient number of their fervants, aid and affift to the ut-moft of their power, fuch officer or officers, infpeftor or furveyor of excife, in weighing and taking an account of, and in re-weighing all fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, and glazed paper, rc(pe<ftively, of fuch maker, on pain of forfeiting for every negled or rcfufal thereof, thd fcjin of fifty pounds.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That the officers of excife (hall in the weighing and re-weighing of all paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, for the pur-yofe of charging the duty of excife thereon, give the turn of the fcale in favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof, (hall allow the makers of fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale-board, or glazed paper, two pounds weight, avoirdu-

poife.

Paper-makers, Sec to have paper weighed at defire of officer*, penalty jol.

alb per cwt.

(ha I be allo wed to paper-makers.

* Tie tUrtpaghth Tearrf George Iff.

polfc, upon each and every one hundred pounds of fuch per, pafte-board* mill-hoard* feale-board, or glazed psp9 I refpe£tfvely fo weighed* and to in proportion for any greater or jeffer quantity.

*lo left thm » XIX, Provided neycrtheleft, and be it epa£ted, That no pouudwt* to be maker of paper, pade-board, mill-board, feale-board, or idicd.	glazed	paper, (hall in the weighing of the fame for the pur»

-pofe of charging the duty of excile thereon, make ufe of, or oaofe, permit, or fuffer to be ufed, any weight left than a p9und weight, on pain of forfeiting the (aid allowance, any thing herein before contained to the contrary, in any wife notwithftanding.

Pays*, &< XX- And be it enabled, T^at in cafe any paper, pafte-♦•ocealed to board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, made In Ire* avoid duty, may land, (ball be fraudulently depofiuj, hid, or concealed in any bt f«*cd, place or places wh*tfoever, with ap intent to defraud his Majsfty of any of fhe duties impqfed thereon, all fuch pa* per, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, I'efpc&iyely, (hall be forfeited* together with the packages containing the fame, and (hall and maybe feized'by any officer or officers of pxeife j and the better to enable fuch office? or officers to difoover fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refpe&ively, fo forfeited, if gny officer of excife (hall have eaufc to fufpe& that any fuch paper, pafte-board* mill-board, feale-board, or glased paper, ihaU be fo depofited, hid^or concealed, then, and in every fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer before any juftice of the peace, fetting forth the ground of his fufpi* cion, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice of the peace, before whom fuch oatn (hall he made, if he (hall judge it rea* fonahle, by fpecial warrant or wai rants, under his hand and feal, to authorize and empower any officer or officers, by day or hyju'ght, but if in the night, then in the prefence of « con ft able, or other officer of the peace, to enter into every fuch place where he or they (Hall fo fufped fuch papert pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, refjpec* tively, to be depofited, hid| or concealed, and to ids® and carry away aU fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, ana glazed paper, relpe&ively, which he or they (hall find, fo hid or concealed, together with th$ packages containing the fame ; and the perfon or perfons iq >vhofe cuftody or pofieffion the fame ffiall be found* (hall forfeit the fym of fifty pounds.

ftutlonert uo| XXI. And be it ena&ed, That no ftationer or dealer in to revive UrTs paper, Audi bring or receive into his or her cuftody or pofi than a ream of ftflion, any paper made in Ireland, which (hall not at th«

Inlh paper, &rc. tjme 0f h(B or Her receiving the fame into his or her cuftody or	be	an entire ream or bundle of paper, and

Tbt thitty-Aghh Tear if Gtttfge HI.

•Jrwilofed in a covet of wrapper* having thereon the impref-fion of the officer’s flamp or label, denoting the duty of efc* fcife impofed thereon, to have been charged for or in refpeft of fuch paper, not without the officer's name and fumame, together with the day and year when fuch duty was charged, nor without the dais directed to be marked, written, or

?>rinted thereon, at the time of fuch duty being charged ort itch cover or wrapper, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty grounds, together with all fuch paper Which (hall be fo received by any fuch ftatloner of dealer in paper, con* trary to the direftions of this aft; and all fuch pa-|>er (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of txcife.

, XXlT. And be it enafted, That when any manufafturer Mint»rsilti4 6f paper (hall hate removed his paper in entire reams, under rcf»to deftroy the diteftions of this aft, from the place where the fame ftiall have been manufactured, being in a corporate or mar* ket town, not iff or adjoining to the place where fuch paper It manufactured, for retailing the fame, fuch manufafturef fhall deftroy the wrapper enelofing fuch paper, when it (hall Have been removed to fuch place for the purpofe of retailing the fame

XXtll. And be it enafted. That no ft&tJober or dealer Pet&fawha in paper, nor auy other perfon (hall reft ore, return, re deh'. return marked *ver, or fend or procure, permit, of* fuffer to be reftored, tcturhed, rc-delivered, or fent to any ffiakeT of paper, nor Se^ihereir, to any mill, work-houfe, ftorc-houfc, rooiti or other place, foe hit took to iny fuch maker belonging; nor to any other place or places whatever, to or for the ufe of any maker of paper, any wrapper or cover which had been before ufra as d Wrapper or cover to any paper, and marked, damped, of labelled with the mark, llatfip, or label direfted by this aft to be ufed* to denote the duties of excife impofea for, of in refpeft of any fort of paper being charged} but that CVery ftationer of* dealer in prtper (hall* and he or they are required, Upon opening any ream or bundle of paper, forth-* with to deftroy err caufe to be deftroved, the wrapper or cover, in which fuch paper Was endofed, and the rmprefliou of the mdrk or (lamp, of -the label put thereon bjr the ofa fleer of excife, according to the direction* of this aft ; nor fhall any maker of paper receive, or caufe, procure, permit hr fuffer to be received, reftored, returned, re-delivered, of lent tohimorherj or to be kept or deposited at any mill,

Work-hodfc, ftore-houfe, room, or other place, to him of her belonging of It any other place to or for his or her ufe* fud( wrapper, cover, or label which had been before nfed as a cover, wrapper, or label to any quantity of pa* per, or in or with which any paper, Jpafte-board, mill-hoard* ftale-boaid, or glazed paper bad'been removed, tar*

. JM

Digitized by t^ooQle

A. D.

i79«.

Chap. 29.

N<* to ext cad to w rappers on paper returned to makers.

All paper stir!

.materials liable, to debts and duties in arrear.

Conditions on Which paper may be export* «], and drawbacks received.

ried, or ferit away by any maker of paper, on pain that every fuch (lattoner or dealer in, or maker of paper, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, together with every foch wrapper, cover, or label, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excifc.

XXIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be deemed to extend, to inflilt the faid penalty of one hundred pounds, for or on account of the not deftroying or returning any wrapper or cover which hath been opened, containing therein the fame identical ream or bundle of paper which was removed, earned, or fervt away by the maker thereof, and which fhall have been returned to him or her on account of the farms beirig difliked and ie-fufed by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame was fent, Or for, or on account of the not deftroying or returning of any label affixed to fuch wrapper or covtr, any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XXV.	And be it enaded, That all thepaper, pfte4x>ard, m ill-board * (bale-board, and glazed paper, and all the materials and utenfils for making tnereof, in the cuftody of any maker of paper* pafte-board, mill board, (cale-board, or glazed paper* or of an y perfon or perfons to the ufe of, of m t uft for any fuch maker, fhall be liable, and filled to* and the fame refpeftively are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, and glazed paper, refpe&ively, made, in arrear, and owing by fuch maker, for any paper, pafte-bosr4, miH board, feale-board, or glazed paper, fo made by him, or her, or in hss or her mill, work-honfc, ware-houfe, or other place ; and (hallalfo be fubjeffc and Kable to f3t»fyatt penalties and forfeitures incurred by every fuch maker, or other perfon or perfons ufmg fuch mill, work-houfe, vrare-houfe, or other place, for any offence agafnil th\s a6l; and it (hall and may be lawful, in all fuch cafes, to levy fuch debts, duties, and penalties on fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, glazed paper, materials, and uten-fils, or any of them f»and to ufe fuch proceedings as may lawfully be done, in cafe fuch debtors or offenders were the true owners of fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper.

XXVI.	And be it enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for atiy perfen who (hall have a (finally paid the duties hnpofed for, or in refpeft of paper made in Ireland, and for any other perfon who (hall buyi or be lawfully entitled unto aoy fuch paper from the perfon or perfons who actually paid the duties for the fame, to export fuch paper to

any _

Digitized by k^ooQle

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III*	431

Stay parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, under, * A. D. fubjed, and according to fuch tides, regulations, reltri&i- I79^* Ons, provifions, fiues, penalties, and forfeitures, fo far a9 Chap, 29.

the fame, refpedively, are applicable thereto, as are cnad-	 mJj

ed by any ad or ads for obtaining a drawback on the ex-port at ion of any article or thing fubjed to a duty of excife 5 and fuch exporter or his clerk or manager, (hall, moreover, make oath, that he believes that the duties of excife impof-ed on fuch paper have been fully paid for fuch paper, and thereupon a drawback of thfe duty fo paid, (hall be allowed, and the faid feveral rules, regulations, reftridions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as far as the fame, re-tpe dively, are applicable thereto, (hall be in full force, and lhall be, and the fame are hereby direded to be obferved, pradifed, applied, and put in execution upon fuch exportation of any paper, as fully and effedually, to all intents ' and prurpofes, as if the fame, refpedively, had been re enad-ed in this ad.

XXVII.	Provided ueverthelcfs, and be it enaded. That Drawback nothing in this ad contained, (hall extend, or be deemed to noJ extend, to entitle any perfoo to any foch drawback for any ^ ,^£5^* fuch paper, unlefs the officer of excife, who (hall attend to before directed, fee fuolt paper packed up, in order to be exported, (hall &c. then find itfch paper enclofed in the cover or wrapper in which the fame was charged with duty, with the impreffion t>f the officer’s damp, and his name andfurname, with the date of the charge of the duty on fuch paper, and the claGi thereof^ together with the feveral matters herein before pre-feribed, and direded to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on tuch cover or wrapper; and that it (ball and may be lawful for fuch officer who (haU attend to foe fuch

•	paper packed up, as iforefaid, and fuch officer is hereby required to take off, or to fee taken ofli all and every the

•	impreffions of the1 officer’s (lamp or label, from every ream or bundle of fuch paper, intended to be packed up, in order to be exported, before the fame Aall be fo packed.

X XVIII. And be it enaded, That it (hall ancf maybe On what eon-lawful for any perfon ufing or .exercifing the ttade or bufi- dltions hook* nefs of a printer, or bookfoller, in Ireland, to export any may be export-printed books, either unbound or bound, with any materi- £d, a»

*la refpedively, liable to any duties of excife, and for which *rcm* the duties of excife irapofed, for or in refped thereof, have been paid, and printed on paper of the firft clafs herein before mentioned, and for all which paper fo to be exported, the duty of excife (hall have been paid, to any parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, under, fubjed, and according .



Digitized by v^ooQle

pnwhack p* allowed uulei* 1798, tpjiean in water-mark, dtf.

^ooks export^ for draw

V**k, a«. m

it rein, for* k>V&

The tlurtj-*lghth Tear, of George III*

cording to fuch rules, regulations, re ft rift ions, prorn£om$ fines, penalties and forfeitures, as aforefaid, fo far as the fame, or any of them, can or may be applied thereto ; and fuch exporter, or his clerk or manager, Thall in cafe fuch printed books, unbound, (hall be to be exported, make 00$ that he believes the duty of excife hath been fully paid for fuch paper, and alfo that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any perfon, for, or in refpeft of fuch paper, or any part there 5 and in cafe fuch printed books bound with any fuch materials, as aforefaid, (hall be to be exported, then fuch exporter or his clerk or manager, (hall make further oath, that he believes the feveral duties of excife, bv any aft or afts of parliament impofed for, or in refpeft of the materials, of which the binding is compofed, have been paid, and that fuch book or books has not, or have not been before fold to anr perfon or per-fons not ufing or cxercifing the trade or buunefs of a poster or bookfcller; and that a drawback of two pence halfpenny per pound weight, avoirdupoife, (hall be allowed for, and in refpeft of fuch printed books unbound, or bound with fuch materials as aforefaid, under and fubjeft to the faid feveral rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures 5 and which rules, regulations, reftriftions, proviiions, fines, penalties and forfeitures, fo far at the fame refpeftively can, or may be applied to the exportation of fuch printed books, (hall be extended to the fame, Tefpeftively, as fully and effectually as if the fame, respectively, had been re-cnafted in this aft.

XXIX.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, (hall extend, or be deemed to extend, to entitle any perfon to any fuch drawback, for, or in refpeft of any fuch printed books, unlefs the paper thereof (hall have vifible, in the fubftance thereof, a mark commonly called a watermark, of the date of the prefent year of our lord, in the following figures, 1798, or in like manner of fome fubfe-quent year of our lord 5 nor for or in refpeft of any printed books which have been before fold to any pert on not ufing and exercifing the trade and bufinefs of a printer and bookfcller.

XXX.	And for preventing frauds in the exportation of paper on drawback j be it enafted, That if any printer, bookfellfer, or other perfon, (hill, in any package or parcel of books intended for exportation on drawback, put or pack up any book or books, the paper whereof (hall not have vifible, in the fubftance thereof, fuch water mark, as aforefaid, or any book or books which (hall have been previoufty fold to any perfon not ufinr or exercifing the trade or bufi-fieft of a printer or .bookfolitr, or any book of books which fititU bavt been before exported, then, and in every fuch cafe,

every





Digitized by

The thirty •eighth Tear of Geoige III.	43	3

e.very fuch package or parcel, and all the books of every A. D. kind therein contained, (hall be forfeited, and (hall be feizcd 1798.' ' by any officer or officers of bis Maiefty’s revenue.	Chap. 29.

XXXI.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be

lawful for any perfon ufing or exercifing the trade or bufi- Conditions on ncfs of a ftationer.in Ireland, to export any ruled account which ruled book* made of paper of the firil clafs herein before men-	,

tioned, bound with any materials, refpe&ively, liable to any	*

duties of excife, for all which paper fo to be exported, the’ duty of excife (hall have been paid, to any parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, under, fubje&, and according4 to the rules, regulations, reltri&ious, proviiions, fines, penalties and forfeitures, aforefaid, Co far as the fame refpec-tively can or may be applied thereto ; provided fuch exporter, or his clerk or manager, (hall make oath that he be-1 lieves the duty of excife to have been folly paid for fuch paper, and alfo that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any perfon, for, or in refpe& of fuch paper, or any part thereof, and that he believes the fame have not before been fold tQ any perfon or perfons not ufing or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of aftationcr, and that a drawback of two pence halfpenny per pound wreight, avoir-dnpoife, (hall be allowed for, and in refpe£l of fuch ruled account books, bound as aforefaid, under and fubjc& to the laid feveral rules, regulations, reftri&ions, proviiions, fines, penalties and forfeitures, fo far as the fame refpc&ively can • or may he applied to the exportation of fuch ruled account hooks ; provided always, that nothing in this a6t contained*

(hall extend to entitle any perfon to any fuch drawback,

for, or in refpedfc of fuch ruled account books, unlefs thq‘

paper thereof (hall have vifible, in the fubflance thereof, a

mark, commonly called a water-mark, of the date of the

prefent year of our lord, in the following figures, 1798, or	*

in like manner, of fome fubfequent year of our lord; not

for, or in refpedt of any ruled account books, which have

ever been before fold to any perfon, not ufing and exercifing

the trade or bufinefs of a ftationer.

XXXII. And be it ena&ed. That if any queftion (hall	Proof of claft arife, whether any paper is really and bona fide of or be* to which paptr longing to the clafs marked, written or printed, on the dover *>c^0Dgs “all U* or wrapper, containing the fame, although fuch paper (hould 00 ovraetu appear to have been entered or kept in the officers’ book's,

as being of, or belonging to fuch clafs, the proof of fuch paper befng really and bona fide of and belonging to the clafs marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper, containing t^C fame, (hall fie upon..the owner or claimer of fuch paper, by the oaths o£ two or xnore credible witneffes,

Vol.XI.	'	fcin£

Digitized by

rool. Penalty for obdrutkiog officers.

Perform trhe fwtar falfdy, ftuH fuller tor perjury.

Not left than a ream to be imported.

Officers to mark paper imported ,a* herein,

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

being fkHful and experienced perfons, competent to decide by examination thereof.

. XXXIII. And be it enafted, That If any perfon (hall aCTault, oppefe, moled, obftruft, or hinder any officer or officers of cxcife, in tike due execution of this aft, or of any of the powers or authorities given by this aft, every fuch perfon fo offending, lhall, for every fuch offence, for-feit the fum of one hundred pounds: Provided, and it is hereby declared, That pafte-board made in Ireland, wholly of paper which (hall have paid the duty of excife charged thereon, (hall not be charged with any further or other duty, in refpeft of the palling or annexing together the fheets of fuch paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of pafleboard or palled paper.

XXXIV.	And be it enafted, That any perfon who (hall be conviftedof wilfully taking afalie oath or affirmation, In any of the cafes in which an oath or affirmation is required to be taken, by virtue of this aft, in order to obtain any drawback or allowance by this aft granted, (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXV.	And whereas it is expedient that foreign paper (hould not be imported in any lefs quantity than a ream ; be it therefore enafted, That if any foreign piper (hall be imported into this kingdom, in any lefs quantity than a ream, each fuch ream containing twenty quites, and each quire (hereof twenty-four fheets, the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer er officers of the Revenue.

XXXVI.	And in order to fecure the due payment of the duties payable upon the importation of foreign paper, be it enafted. That the officer or officers of the cuftoms, at tfie port or place where any foreign paper (hall be imported, (hall caufe luch paper, whether In a ream, or exceeding a ream, to be marked, (lamped, or fealed, in fuch manner as the coiAtfliffioners of his Majefly/s culloms, or any three or more Of them (hall dir eft; and the faid commiffioncrs (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to provide proper (lamps, marks, or feals for marking, damping or fealing all foreign paper imported, to denote the charging the duties thereon ; and the fame to caufe to be didributed t6 the proper officers of the cudoms, for the purpofes in this aft mentioned ; which officers are hereby enjoined and required to mark, damp, or feal the fame in luch maimer as the faid commifiloners (hall from time to time think fit to dJreft; which damps, marks, or feals, to be provided in pfcrfuance of this aft, may be altered or renewed from time

to

The thirty-eighth Tear 9/ George IIL

435

Allowance i

to time, 99 the faid commiflioners fhall from time to time think fit to dired.

XXXVII.	And be it ena&ed, "That after the duties of excife impofed on any paper, pafte-board, mill-board,' fcale-

b<>* d, or glased paper, made in Ireland, lhall have been ____________ _______

paid, if any fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, fcale- duty made for board, or glased paper, (hall happen to be damaged by the paper damag*V calling away or linking of any barge or veffel, in which the a4<hcriin* fame (hall be tranfported from one part of the kingdom to	s

another within the fame, upon proof made to the fatisfac-

tion of the chief, commiflioners of excife, of the quantity of the dapaage done to fuch paper, mill-board, pafte-board, fcple-board, or glased paper, by the calling away or finking of. fuch barge or veffel, an allowance (hall be direded by the faid commiflioners to be made, bearing the fame proportion to the whole of the duties fo paid, as the faid damage fhall appear to bear to the Value of fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper before the fame was io damaged; an^ the colledor of the diftrid lhall repay or allow to the proprietor or proprietors of fuch paper, pafte-board, mill-board, feale-board, or glazed paper, out of the duties on paper, fo much money as (hall be direded by the laid commiflioners to be paid or allowed*

XXXVIII.	And-be it cnaded, That if any jferfon fhall, 5^. pettearh .with intent to defraud his Majefty of any of the duties im- forfeited for

pofed upon paper, wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or obliterating wilfully fuffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the (lamp, mark, ot fcal, put by any officer of the revenue upon nr™ fuch foreign paper, to denote the charging of the duty on fuch paper, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit the fum of fiftY pounds for every ream or other parcel of paper, on which the (lamp, mark, or feal, put by any fuch officer, fhall be fo wilfully cut out, obliterated or defaced.

XXXIX.	And be it enacted, That if any perfon fhall jooh penalty

counterfeit, or caufe to be counterfeited, any ftamp, mark, for counterfric-or feal. provided by the commiflioners of the revenue, in ing ftaihi*#msA purfuance of this ad, or fhall counterfeit, forge, or refemblc	****	*

the mark or imprefflon of any fuch ftamp, mark, or feal,

Upon any paper, or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody of |>offeffion, any fuch counterfeit ftamp, mark, or feal, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or poflefflon, or fhdll utter, vend, or fell liny paper with a counterfeit or forged mark or impreffion of any fuch flump, mark, or feal theieon, knowing the fame to be fo counterfeited or forged, or fhall upon any ream or quantity of foreign paper which has not been duly entered ..With the proper officer or officers of the revenue, and charged with the duty payable- on the importation of fuch paper,

£ c a	Jtnowingty'

Di< ^ed by L^ooQle

Id per lb. additional, on bloc, &c paper, Briti(h| an^ id. on all other luck.

Writing, prior ng or drawing paper, not entered at card or cap* paper.

Finet, 8ec. recovered Y.y 14 * IS Cha. 1.

In force until 44 June, 1799,

7%e thirty-eighth Tear of George IH.

knowingly put or place the hnpreffion of any ftich cottnteitf feit or forged (lamp, mark, or feal 5 or (ball knowingly aflic upon any ream or Quantity of fuch piper, any ftamp, mark or feal, which (hall hare been before afrxed, marked, t amped or fealed, upon any other ream or quantity of foreign p^per, then, and in every foch cafe, every fuch perfon fo offending therein, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pound#8.	-

X' . And tie it enafted, That from and after the twenty* fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety* eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, there (hall be paid unto his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for and upon all paper called blue paper, brown paper, and drtffihg paper, of the manufacture of Great Britain, which (hall be imported info this kingdom, a further duty of one penny for every pound weight avoirduporfe; and for and upon all fuch papers, at sfortrfaid, not of the manufaftnre of Great Britain, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, a further duty of two pence for every pound weight avoirduporfe; which duties (hall be paid over and above all other duties now payable tbeieon, by any aft pafled this ftflion of parliament.

XL I. And he it enafted, That 00 paper imported into this kingdom, fit for, or capable of being ufed tor the purports of writing, printing, or drawing, (hall be entered under the denomination of card paper or cap paper, but the fame (Hall be entered by the pound weight, and be charged with fuch duty as all other papers fo to be entered, are, or . (hall be fubjeft to.

XLII. Anfi be it enafted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeiture* inflifted by this aft, other thao, and except as by this aft is provided for, (hall and m*y be fued for, recovered, and levied in fuch manner and foriA, and by fuch ways and me ans, and with fuch powers and authorities as are prescribed, direfted, and appointed in, and by an aft of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majefty diaries the fecond, entitled. An alt for the fritting of the exeijr, or new hutoft upon hu Ma-jellyy hit heirs and fucccjforsy according to tie hock of rates therein inferted, as fully and effeftually to all intents, cob-' (Iruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expreffed, and enafted in this aft ; with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or tlumfclvcs aggrieved or injuted, as in and by the (aid aft, or this prefent aft is provided.

XLIII. And be it enafted. That this aft (hall continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand

•	fcvdtt

Digitized by

G°o^le

fTie ilirtynighlb Tear ofGcoTgt IJI.

.foven hundred *nd ninety-nine, and from thence to thf *»d the ti^cn nw. feiEun of parliament, and no longer

CflA.A.OT. %

437

A. D.

I79^-

An for (mending tie Road from Dublin to Knockftdany in the County Dublin*

j'VXTHEREAS it is expedient for rendering the road be-▼ V tween the city of Dublin, and Knockfedan, in the county of Dublin, more convenient for travelleis, that-the fame fhall be made a turnpike road; be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pretent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the lame. That Hans Hamilton, Humphrey Butler, Ifaac Perfoni here-Manders, Henry Baker, James Stewart, Kichard Hayes, in named ip-Richard Manders, Walter Wade, William Giles, Robert p*»»nted com-Weir, Riohard Jones, Cbriftopher Gilbert, William Monks, m^oucr#* Richard Wilfon^ and John Bailey, efquires, be, and they arc hereby appointed commiffioners of the (aid road.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid. commif- Commiffion-

fioners, pr any feven or more of them, (hall affemble on the on meet at the firft Monday, or any other Monday, after the palling. of P»l“«cnt-this ad, at the parliament houfc in the city of Dublin, and .	^

(hall at faid meeting eled by ballot, from among the faid 5 commiffioners, five perfons to be diredors for the fuperin-

tending and managing the (aid road, and for tranfeding all -bufinels relative to the fame.

III.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any of WbenVom-

the faid commiffioners herein appointed by name, (hail happen niiffioncrs die or to die or refign. It lhall be lawful for the remaining commif-	°>^crSj

lioners, or any (even or more of them, on the firft Tuefday ^ eteacu, in any month, to eled a perfon to be commiffioncr in his

(lead, and fo as often as a vacancy (hall happen, by the death or refignation of any perfqn-fo choten.

IV.	And be it furtnqr. enaded. That every diredor who (hall be eleded purfuant to this ad, (hall before he (ball ad as fuch, take and fubfefibe an oath, in the words following, before one of the commiffioners

I A. B. do fwear% that I will well and truly difcharge	Oath robo

the duty of a director of the road leading from Dublin to Knoclfe- taken by dircc-dan9 to the \cjl of my Jkilly without favour or. malice, accord- tora* ing to the true iptent and meaning of an afl, paffed in this kingdom in tie (hirty-eightb year of h'u prefent, Majej)y> entitled.

An

I

I

Digitized by LjOOQle

14 days notice of the t lection of a. director.

'Power* of di-ft&ors, &c.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George TIL

An aS for amending the road from Dublin to Knoeifadapt, m the county of Dublin, which oatlr any of the Cud comfmt-ftooers is empowered tp adminifter^

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any of the faid diredors (hall happen to die, or to fefign, it fhaD be lawful fpr the cpmmi(tioner$, oy any twp or more of than, fourteen days notice at the leaft being given, of the time and

Sice of their meeting for the puvpofe, in foroe of the ublin newfpaj>ers, to $led one of ^hc faid conimif[ionro, to be a djrcdor in his roomt and fo often as a vacancy of a diredor (hall happen.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid diredors, or any three of them, (halt as foon as they conveniently can, after they (hall be tlcded and fworn as aforefaid, meet at fomc place convenient to the (aid road, and (hall have power from timfc to time, to choofs a proper perfon to be fupef-vilor of the faid road, and to appoint a falaty for fuch fh-pervifor, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifty-two gtiineas in the year, and that any three or mor$ of the faid diredors (hall have power from time to time, to remove fuch {opervifor at their free v/ill and plcafure, and to appoint another perfon to be futpefyifor in his (lead, or in the (lead of any fupervifor dying or refignmgi

VII.	And be it further enaded, That every fupervifor who (hall be chofen and appointed by the diredors purfuant to this ad, (hall before he (hall ad as fuch, take and fubi

ftribe an oath in the words following, to wit.

, , ■ > • '

I A. T. do folrmnly ftvear that I will honeJUy and d?b> g'rtly crrente the office of fupervifor of the road leading from Dublin to Krtorhfrdan, and that 1 wtll according to the hef of - nV fill and Inonvledge, execute all lawful orders ghen to me /" tie dire dors of the faid mad ; and that I will when celled t tfnn / y the faid dire dors of the faid road ; and that I er when called ttpen ly tie fid directors y or any three of tbemy ‘ account for all ndney which JhaV be confided to me by the faid directors, of be by me received* ly virtue cf and according to the true intent erul meaning of an act faffed in the thirty-eighth year of his prelent Majejly, entitled, An act for amending ihe road from Dublin to Knockfcdan, which oatn any one of the faid directors is hereby empowered and required to ad-imnifter, to fuch fupervifor.

TV*y"ffu- VIII. And be it further enaded, That fuefi fupervifor ycj^ifor.^iu fl^]] from t|n^e tQ	fee	tfoat	a|j	or(fcrt	and works dirdft-

wgiciL ^ C ed-and ordered by the faid diredors, be properly cnecuted and performed, and as well by night as by day, fuperiutei;d

-	• ' tU

ftipervifor’s

1 1

Digitized by t^ooQle

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

43*

Pajr-jrates,

*he fcolle&ors of any toll, to be received on the faid road, and (hall make returns and reports when required, from time to time to the faid directors, of the (late, nature, and cir-cumftapces of the faid road, and (hall remove all nuifances, encroachments, and obftru&ions on the faid road, and duly and diligently enforce the regulations in this prefent a& contained 5 and (hall fuperintend all workmen and labourers, workiug and labouring on the faid road, and pay them t-heir wages, fubje& to the orders of the faid dire&ors ; and fuch fupervifor (hall j^eep a book, .containing a journal of his own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings of the faid dire&ors, (if fo required) and if any fupervifor (hall re-fufc or neglcdl to perform bis office of fupervifor, as required by this a&, ana (hall be thereof conyi&ed upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juflicc of the peace, every fuch fupervifor (hall forfeit the fum of five pound* for every bffience, whereof he (hall be fo convi&ed, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of Tuch fupervifoi's goods by warrant under" the hand and feal of fuch justice, the overplus li any, be rendered to fuch fupervifor,

IX. And be it further enabled. That the fa^4 dire&ora, ^ a ^ or any three of them, (hall credf,’ or caufc to be creeled, and tolbhovfes, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and acrofs any part tniy becredh-d, or parts of the (aid road, and alfo (hall have power *0 "build, *nd tolls taken hire, or rent a toil-houfe, convenient to eyery fuch gate, and to demand and take by fuch peifon or perfuns as they, or any three of them (hall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every fuch gate, before any hoi*fc? mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, chaife, gingle, jaunting-car, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be peiraitted to go through the fame, that is to fay, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horles, or other beads, or by more than G$, the fum of pwo (hillings and eight-pence-haifpenny ; if drawn by four pr five horfes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and fcven-pcnce-halfpenny ; if drawn by two or three hoife?, oy other beads, the fum of one (hilling and one-penny ; and if drawn by one borfe, or other bead only, >he fum of fix* pciice-halfpcnny ; fpr eyery waggon, wain, gingle, jauntiqg-car, dray, cart, car,’ tumbler, or other carriage hot herein before charged, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels whereof (hall be fet on with counter fun^ flat-headed nails, bolt?, or (crews, and (hall be three incLes or more in breadth, the fum of three-halfpence, for eyery borfe or other bead drawing the fame 5 and if the (freaks, or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be jds tfan three inches in breadth, the fum of thrce-pejipc.

Digitized by "• * < \ ^

Goog|c

44*

A. D.

1798.

Chip. } T.

Only id. per horfe, for care, a» herein.

Psy-gat es may be ere&ed acrofs lanes, ' 6cc.

• No gate between the city fend the road, &c. except as hereafter.

1 Ti lls to be paid but once a day.

7'hfitbtrty-iighth Tear of George 111.;

for wry horfc or beaft drawing the fame ; sod if any of the ftreaks or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any fwch •carriage, (hall be fet on with one or more high or fpriag-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, not being counter-funk apd flat-headed, be the breadth thereof what it may, the fum of one (hflling for every horfe, or other beaft drawing the fame ; for every borfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, leaden or unloaden, the fum of one-penny \ for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of twenty-pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number; for every drove of calves, fneep, lambs, or pigs, the fum cf ten-peticc by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater • or lefs number.	7

X.	Provided always That for every car, except a jaunting-car, whofc wheels however narrow they may be, (hall be formed and put on, fo as to turn round the axletree, and whofe axletree (hall be fixed, fo as not to turn round with the wheels, the fum o* one penny only, aud no more fha3 be demanded or taken at any fuch ga^e, for each horfe, or other beaft drawing the fame, if all the ftreaks, or fhoeing of fuch wheels, be entirely fet on with counter funk, flatheaded nails bolts, or ferews.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid dire&om, or any three or more of them, to ered a pay-gate, or pay-gates on the fide of tire road acrofs any lane, or way leading out of the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe for every fuch gate, and thereto demand, and receive fuch tolls a9 are appointed by this a£l to be taken at any* gate upon the road.

“ XII. Provided always That no fuch fule-gate (hall le ere&ed in any place, between the city of Dublin, aod the road leading from Glafnevin to Drumcondra, except under the provilions herein after contained.

XIII. And be it further enafted, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than ooce in the fame day, with the fame cattle and carriage, but that every perfon after having paid fuch toll once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the fucceed-ing night, pafs and re-pafs tolJ free through every pay-gate on the faid road, or the fide thdeof, with the lame cattle and carriage, for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket, denoting the payment of fuch toll, and Containing fueh other matters as are herein required rcfpdft-ihg the fame, which ticket every coile&or is required to girt

fpatis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeit! g five Ikfl-tngs for every omilfion or refufal, upon’ convi&icui before any juftice of the peace of the county in which 1 •	...	tlie

Digitized by

Googfe...

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IJI.

44*

A. J>.

'793. Chap. 31.

Carriages

fche offence (hall be committed, or before any of the laid directors, each of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for the purpofe.

XIV.	Provided always, That if any coach, .chaife, gin-jaunting car, or other carriage, carrying perfons for

hire, (hall carry any other perfon or perfons than fuch as wl*h?jrfon9 serein, or on the fame, at the time toll (hall have been for fhrihpay** the fame, fuch coach, chaife, giitglc, jaunting, or other * car; (hall not be allowed to pafs or repafs toll-free, but toll fhall be payable and paid for the fame; as if it had not paired on the faid road before, during the faid day, and any ticket given as aforefaid, (hall be of no avail to exempt the fame from toll.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall Tolls may be Tcfufe to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this levied by dif-ad, it (hall be lawful for the collector thereof, or perfon trefc. acting as fuch, to levy the fame by didrefs of the horfe or ' horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, upon

•which the toll is by this aCt impeded, or upon the goods or chattels of the perfon of perfons who ought to pay the fame, vand fuch horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until fuch toll (hall he* paid with the reafouable charges of fuch diitrefs; and if the fame (hall not be paid within fqur days, it ihall be lawful ft>r the collector or perfon acting as fuch, .to fell die fame, rendering die overplus,, if any, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the faid toll, and the full ex-pences of making and detaining the faid didrefs and fale.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any peifnn lol'oenalrv or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any for forcing horfe, bead or carriage, through any pay-gate on the faid throughagttr, road, without paying the toll by this act required, or pro- Sec. as herein, ducing a ticket as aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate, authorizing

him or them to pafs therewith, toll-free, or (hall knowingly or defiguedly a (fault, interrupt, or obftruCt any pf thfc collectors. or perfons employed in collecting or receiving auy of the faid tolls, or any otherwife in the execution of Ins or their employments of receiver or collector, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to or receive from auv other perfon or pcifons, any aote, or ticket for the purpofe of evading the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part hereof, every perfon fo offending, being, convicted thereof the oath of one credible witnefs, before any judice of peace, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay thefumof ten pounds; and it (hall be lawful for every collector, or perfon acting as fuch, and all other perfons by' him Acquired to affid in that refpeCt, to feize any horfe or • horfes, or other brad. w bcmds,rCftrri4gc,ox>garria^e«, with

&

44*

A. D.

*79®* Chap. 31.

Wfat ftinllbe expedit'd in tkltxtt, &c.

SUprrvIf-jr, h. c. may it op carts, and examine as herein.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant tsc attendants thereof, and to bring them before any juilice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into fuch ofr fence ; and if upon conviction before fuch juilice, upon the oath of any credible witnefs, the party or parties complain • ed of (hall not pay fuch penalty, together ivith the tolh that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for luch juilice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufc the horfe or horfp, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo did rained, to he fold for payment of the faid tolls or penalties, and the charges of fei*ing and keeping the fame, and of fuch.fale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand to the owner or owners of the (ante, or to the perfon or perfons under whole care, or in whole poffeffion the fame refpe&ively was or were when fo (cued as aforefaid ; or if no fufficicnt did refs (hall have been feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or per* Tons to the common gaol, there to remain without bad or roainprize until fuch hue and penalties, tolls and charges be paid*

XVI I. And be it further enabled. That every ticket to be given as aforefaid, by any colledtor for any carriage which is fubje£l to different tolls in refpe&to the different breadths or fhoeings of its wheels, (hall truly fpecify the fum received, the number of horfes or other beads drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to fay, whether three inches, or kfs than three inches, and aifo whether tiatfhod, or (hod with high or fprig-hcaded naiis, bolts, or ferews ; and if any ticket (hall not fpecify all the laid matters truly, the collator of the toll 3t the gate where 'inch ticket (hall have been given, (hall forfeit the fum of live pounds for every fuch offence, upon convj&ion by oath of one credible witnefj, before any juftice of the peace, and in cafe of not paying the fame immediately, (hall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jutticc ter tiie common gaol or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month, or until*the (ai^ Liie (hall be paid.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it {hall be lawful for the fupervifor, or for any director, or any ma-giflrate, conftablc, or fub-con(table, to (top on any part of^ the faid road, any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or olbflgr carriage of burthen which (hall have palled during the (ME day, through any pay-gate on the faid road, and to reqjtt the driver or perfon attending the fame, to produce the tioBt which he or (lie (hall have received at fuch pay-gate, for the toll paid for the fame; and if fuch driver or perfon (hall negj	"	'	.................

Iccf or relate to produce lucn ucKct uxunccuately on *	demand.

'The thucty-etghth Tear of George III.

dlerpand, or if fuch ticket when produced (hall not'certify ^he whole toll payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or fiiall contajn any other description of the breadth and (hoe-jng of the wheels than the truth, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to feize and diftrain the faid horfe or other bead, and carriage, with all the goods and chattels thereon, and fuch liorfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage, or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until the toll prescribed by the act for the fame (hall be paid, with the reafongble’charges of fuch didrefs and detaining, and if the fame (hall not be paid withip four days, it (hall be lawful for the perfon who (hall have feixed to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver on demand, after payments of the faid toll, and the full ex-pences of the faid didrefs, Retaining and fale.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That every ijolleftor or pther perfon afting as fuch, (hall have power to detain at may flop cars, any pay-gate, every car, cart, or othercarriage whereon the toll pay able varies according tp the breadth of the dreaks or ihoeing of the wheels, and to meafure the fame $ and .every director, fupervifor, commiflioner, magidrate, fub-con {table, or condable, (hall have the like power to dop and meafure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage, on any part of the faid road; and if any driver or other perfon (hall hinder or refufe to permit fuel} colleftqr, or fuch other perfon to mea^ jure the wheels of an fuch carriage, and (hall be convifted thereof upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any jufticc of the peace, every fuch perfon fo offending^

Stall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied by diitref* gnd fale of the faid car, cart, or other carriage, and the horfe or horfes, or other be^ds drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch ju(licet rendering the overplus, if any, after deducing the faid 6ne, and the expences of fuch didrefs and fale, to the owner on demand.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or Peifutnwh* perfons whatfoeyer, owning, renting, or occupying any land let cattle, &c. pear unto any pay-gate, eftab^fhed or creeled in purfuaqce Fa|“ pf this aft, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwise knowingly or willingly permit any perfon or perfons whatloever, to pafs through any gate, parage, or way, with any horfe, bead, or cattle or carriage, liable to toll on palling through any pay-gate on the faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll fLereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convifted upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juflice of

Ihe peace, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hil-ifigs for every fuch offence, to be levied by didrefs and fale pf fach offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and

443

A. D.

J79$.

Chap. 3f.

O>ne£tors

Director* {hall not accept corapoGtion tor tolls.

Appointment of collectors as herein.

Tolls may be

farm el for $ ycaro. See.

Colic Clors apr»'> ntefi hy

lilTv c»	h.	VC

tkil powusi, uc.

The thirty-aghtb Ymr of Cootgc -TII.

.fcalof fucajuilice, rendering the overplus, (if to the owner, the charges in talcing and difpollng of the {aid gooos being fit ft deduced.

XXL And be it farther eoafted, That it (hall not bt lawful for the faid direftors to make or accept of any com* pofitioo, with or from any perfon whatever, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this aft.

XXI	I. And be it further enafted, That it (hallbe lawful for the faid direftors, or any three of them, to appoint as many coilcftors as fhall be nccefTary* for receiving the tolls, at the pay gates which fhall be erefted on the faid road, or at the fide thereof, with fuch falary or wages as they fhall think proper, uot exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum, for.each; and every fuch colhftor (hall pay the monies by him collefted or received, to the t'eafureror other perfon appointed by the faid direftors, once at lead in every month, and as much ofteoer as he (hall be thereunto required by any three of, them, and fhall alfo upon oath, if there* unto required by any of the faid direftors, which oatb any direftor is hereby empowered to adminiiler, give in from time to time, a true, exaft and perfeft account in writing, of all monies by him collefted, or received hy virtue of this aft, or by reafon of his faid employment, for any period not more than two years preceding, and if any fuch colleftor (hall refufe or omit fo to do, and fhall be tnercof convifted. upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any. juf-tice of the pence, it fhall be lawful for fuch julb’ce to commit fufti colleftor to gaol, there to remain without bail or m un. prize, until he flial1 give in fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuch monies as he lhall have received for the faid direftors, by virtue of this aft.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the faid direftors, or any three of them, may if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days-notice being given in any two t)ublin papers, for that pur-pole, to lcafe or farm by the year, for any time not exceed* mg three year?, nor lefs than one year, the tolls by this aft payable, to any perfon or perfous at or for the larged yearly fum that can be got for die fame; provided alwii* i, that they be fet by public cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and Hgned by the party taking the lame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper fccurily be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That every perfon appointed to receive toll at any pay-gate, on any of the di-vifions of faid road, by ^ny perfon or perfous taking the lame by lcafe, Audi have all and fmgular the like po.veis

an^

The thirty-Aghth Tear of George III.,

445

attd authorities, and be fubjeft to, and under all and fin* A. D. gular the like regulations, penalties and reftri&ions, as 1798. any colle&or appointed by the truftecs of any fuch di- Chap. 31. srition, can, or mall have, or be fubj»& to, by virtue of * —v

this ad, except as to paying the tolls collected to the tree-fnrer, and accounting for the fame to him, or to the fasdl dlrcdors.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any colleftor Collators or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid truftees, or who ncgle& by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or contra&, duty (hall forfeit or any perfon acting as fuch, (hall permit any carriage, ^ horfc, or bead whatfoever, to pafs through any pay-gate, without payment of the toil payable for the fame, by virtue of this ad, or a fufficient ticket as before dire&ed being produced therewith, and (ball omit to feize fuch car, car* riaee or bead, or (hall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law direds for fuch offence, or (hall 01?it to ' detain any cat, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the pafr fing through the gate after notice (hall be given to him# that the dnver thereof has obltruded the execution of this in any refped, every perfon fo offending (hall upon con* vidion thereof, before any one juftice of the peace, forfeit the Cam of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, (had be committed by warrant under the hand and fcal of fuch juftice, to the common gaol or hoUfe of corredtfon; there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceed* lag fix pounds, or until the faid fine be paid.

jCXVI. And be it further enaded. That the faid direc* How money tors, or any three of them, (hall expend from time to tiriuJ, (h*U be ex-all fuch fums of money as (hall arife from the tolls to be taken P*1”*0** by virtue of this ad, or from fines v or penalties, or (hall dtherwife come to them for the ufes of the faid road, in ereding or repairing gates and toU-houfes, fixing tables of the tolls and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate# in ereding mile-ftones and finger-pods, in paying toll-collect tors, and furpervifors, in the expences of furveyt, and valuations for widening, and in widening the faid road, and fencing it where widened, in draining, forming, gravelling# 1 drefiing, cleanfing, or repairing the faid road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, accotding to theif diferetion, in laying up materials in convenient places, for repairing breaches in the winter feafon, in paying rent for . toll-houles, or grounds, or houfes taken by them, for widening or altering the faid road, and in all neceffary charges for the execution of their trnft.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the Expenditure expenditure of all fuch money (hall be accounted for upon to be accounted, •ath, before the laid directors, which oath any of them is for,lPon

hereby



The thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.

A.' D.

1798.

Chap. 31.

Supervifor may repair Hidden breaches, order from a dirc&or.

Perfons appointed, may tajee all materials on any lands, asherc-

Penaltics on building houfe& or walls, dec. as herein.

hereby empowered to admin ifter, fpecifying the particubr manner in which every part of it fhall have been expended.

XXVIII.	And be it further cna&ed, That *vefy fuperri-for (hall have power to repair any hidden breach or hole which he may have obferved in any part of the faid road, firft receiving an order for the purpOfe from any one director, and the expence thereof (hall be laid before the directors at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, and his making an oath of the expenditure, and fpecifying the particulars thereof, they or any three of them, may order the faid expence to be paid to him.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every perfoa appointed by the fupervifor, or any three of the faid directors, to make, gravel, repair, or fuperintend the faid road, or any part of it, fhall have full power and auth« >rity to dig for, learch, raife, and carry away, any gravel, flones, find, or other materials, which may be Wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from, or prevent its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, except in or through a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a mao-iion-houfe, or the grounds occupied by the Dublin fociety, near Glafnevin, for the purpofes of eftablifhing a botanic garden 5 and that every fuch perfon fo appointed, fhall make latisfa&ion to the owner* or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, in like manner and undo' the like regulations as is and are ena&ed, with refpc& to damages done by overfeers appointed-by the prefentmeou 0/ grand juries.

XXX.	Ar.d be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon fhall build any houfe, or part of an hpufe within fifty feet of the centre of the faid road, or fhall build any wall, or make any ditch between Dublin and Glafnevin-bridge, within fifty-feet of the centre of the faid road, or between Glafncvin-bridge and Knockfedan, within eighteen feet of the centre of the faid road, or fhall make or have any way or pafTage from the faid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or paflage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it fhall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pafs, or fhall burn, or permit, or fuffer to be burned on his or her land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable fubflance, for afhes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juft ice of the peace, or upon the view of fuch juftice, forfeit the fum of five pounds 5 and if any perfon fhall keep, or have in his or her pofTefEon, any cur-

6

Digitized lay *

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

44-7

dog*, maftiff, or bull-dog, at any houfe within fifty yards of the A. D. (aid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight 1798. at the leaft, faftened to the neck of every fuch dog, or lhall Chap. jr. winnow, or lay out for winnowing, any corn on the faid road, *	’	Off

or (hall any draw, dung, or rubbifh thereon, or (Hall ferape the fame, without the leave or dire&ion of the fupervifor, or (hall lay the fcouring or earth of any ditch or drain on the faid road, and let it He there for more than the fpace of twenty-four hours, or (hall leave on any part ©f the fame between enclofure and enclofure, or permit to be left thereon, oppofitc to or near to his or her houfe, any carriage whatfo-ever, 05 any plough or harrow, without the horfe or horfes, o* other beaft or beads, being hamefled thereto, unlef9 fuch carriage a9 (hall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any perfon (hall fpread out any Unen, blanket, or winnow-cloth, within one hundred feet of the (aid road, or (hall beat or dry any fta , or leave any timber, (tones, fand, clay, Ume, or other matter, on the (aid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or (hall leave or permit to be left thereon the carcafe of any horfe or othefr beaft, or (hall (kin the fame, or permit it to be (kinited on the faid road, or within one hundred yards thereof, except in a houfe or yard enclof.d with walls; or (hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid acrofs, fo that either end thereof (hall project beyond the wheels, or fide of the carriage, or (hall drag any timber or mill-ftones along any part of the faid road, without being fupported by wheels, from touching the fame, or (hall erect any (ign-poft, or May-pole or May-bu(h on any part of the faid road; every perfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hfllings, upon conviction, before any jufticc of the peace, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch juft ice.

XxXI. And be it further enacted, That all dung, dirt, All dang, ftraw, rubbifh, (tones, gravel, fand, or lime, which mall be draw, ftones, laid on the faid road, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the faid directors, and to be their foie pro- forfeited, perty, and (hall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwise difpofed of by them as they (hall think fit, and that if any perfon not authorized by the faid directors, (hall draw away any part thereof, fuch perfon (halt be deemed to have felonioufly ftolen the fame, and (hall be profecuted and puni(hed as any perfon fdonioufiy dealing like goods, being the private property of another: Provided always. That no fuch perfon (hall fentenced to death, or transportation, or other punilhment,

• than fine, imprifonment, or whipping, for the fame.

XXXII. And



Tie tbirtj-eigbli Tear of George 111.

A. D.

•79s-

Chap 31.

It. per "load per day, paid by owner?., for fcoaring thrown •n rota, &c.

Any perf >n may take away corn left on the road, dec.

Power of fu-

Ccntcr of road*

Dire&ort may order ditches i* be filled up, Ac. At herein.

XXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That for every carload of fcouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the laid road, which fhall be drawn away by the (aid truflees, or their order, the ow’’cr or occupier of the land which fueh drain or ditch divides from the faid road, fLiJI forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every day the fame (half have remained thereon, upon conviction in manner afoiefaid

XXXIli. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for every perfon whatfoever, to take and Carry away, and convert to hh or her own ufe, any corn which (hall Be laid on the faid road for the purpofe of being winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the facks or winnow-ing cloths wherein the fame may happen to be ; and alfo all timber which (hall be left on any part of the (aid road, and (Kail have remained thereon for feven days, not having hern brought or kept there by order of the faid directors, or for the ufe of the faid road, without the let* fuit, trouble, or hindrance of any pcvfon whatfoever.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hah and may be lawful for any fupervifor of the faid road to pull down, or (31 up, and level any wall, drain or ditch, which fhall be built or made, or begun to be built and made after the pafling of this ad upon any part of the faid road, or within fifty feet of the centre of the faid road, between Dublin and Glafnevin-bridge, or within forty feet of fuch centre between Glafnevin-bridge and Knockfedan, and to take up any way or paflage from the (aid road into any field or land adjoining, which may ohftrud the free paflage of water, and to remake the lame by building a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to Tcour and ijlear away all obftrudions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away Water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any fign-pod, which (hall be creeled contrary to this

firft obtaining a warrant, under the haqd and feal cf any magiftrate for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by dill refs and fa!e of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land, wherein fuch way, paflage or drain (hall he, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the center of

the road within the provifions of this adt, (hall be deemed to be the center of the part thereof made with (tones and giavcL	,

XXXVI.	And whereas it is neceffary for the further management of the faid road, that the drains along cither fide thereof, (hould be under thccontroul of the faid diredtors s be it further cnadted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid directors.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III. -

44?

Perfons not

Te6tor?ir or any three of them, to caufe the ditches or drams on the fide of any part of the faid road to be filled up, and alfo to make other drains or trenches inflcad thereof, with the back or bank next the road, firft making compenfation to any perfon for the waftc of land taken up in making fucji new drain or trench, and alfo that if any perfon (hall fcuur, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the faid road, without the order of the faid directors, it fhall be lawful for any of the faid diredlors’ to caufe the fame to be filled up or fcoured, as the cafe may be, according to his d feretion, and to levy the expence thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadted, 'JThat if any perfon, to whom the expenditure of any money for the ufe of accounting

the faid road Avail be entrufted, fhall not account for the f0^fe°itdouble* * fame, wiChin one month after he fhall be thereunto required the lorn. by any of the faid dire&ors, he (ball forfeit double the fum which he fhall be fo required to account for, to be recovered by civil bill, at the fuit of the faid diredlors.

XXXVIII.	And'be it further enacted, That it fhall and Houfc*, etc.

may he lawful for the grand jury at any term or quarter fef- bnilt contrary dons, to prefent anyhoufe, or part of an houfe, or lime-kiln J° tbj may, to be pulled down, which fhall be built contrary to this adt,.	down*

and that the expences of fo doing, be levied off the goods

and chattels of the offender ; and that it fhall be lawful for atay perfon to kill any dog, which fhall be kept contrary to this a&, without being fued or profecuted for fo doing.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted, That if any fuoer- 5I penalty vifor fhall omit to apply for fuch warrant as aforetaid, for °n fupervifor, forty-eight hours after he fhall have been informed, or have

feen any of the faid offences, or having obtained luch war-rant, (hall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs prevented by fickntfs, or feverity of weather, or fhall omit to apply at the next enfuing feffions or term, -according as the faid director fhall appoint for fuch presentment as aforefaid, or fhall delay, or neglect to leize, profecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againil this a£t, which fhall come to, or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch omiflion, delay, or negledt, upon conviction thereof, before any juflice of the peace, or director, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs.	•

XL. And be it further enadted, That if any driver or	Penahfet <m

any perfon in care of any car, cart, dray, or other carriage fhall ride upon the fame, on any part of the faid road, not recitYd.^^ having fome perfon on foot or horfeback, to guide the fame, (fuch carriages as are refpedtively drawn by one horfe only, or two horits abreaft, with bridles in their mouths;

Vol. XL	F f	and

Prffowwfio fefift this a&, may he fined from io«. to 5L

The thirty-nghth Tear qf Georgt Itl.

and arc conduced by fome perfon holding the reins of fuefa bridles, excepted,) or if the driver or perion in care of any carriage whatever, fhall by negligence or wilful mifbchaVi-our, Hinder, obftruft or interrupt the paflage of any other carriage, or of any of his Majefty’s fubjefts on the faid road, or if fach driver or other perfon (hall by negligence ur wilful intention, omit or fail keep fuch carriage on his left hand fide of the road, fo as by fuch omiflion or failure to hinder or interrupt the paffage of any other carriage on the right hand or off-fide of the carriage which fuch driver or other perfon fhall drive or be in care of, unlefs prevented by the narrownefs of the road, or any accidental or temporary obftruft ion of want of repair thereon, or if any petion driving or in care of any empty of unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, (hall retufe or negleft to turn afide, and to make way for any £oach, chariot, chaife, loaded ivaggdri or other loaded carriage, which fhall be prevented from keeping fuch fide of the road as aforefaid, by any of the caufea aforefaid, every fuch perfon being convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witnefs, or his own con-feffion before any juftice of the peace, fhall for every’ fuch ofience, if the offender be not the owier of the carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, and if he be the owner of the carriage, the fum of twenty (hillings, and every fuch offender on non-payment thereof, fhall be committed by fuch juftice to the common gaol, there to remain for the fpace of three months, or until the faid forfeiture be paid ; and every fuch offender may, by the authority of this a ft, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any period who fhall lee fuch offence committed, and be conveyed or delivered to a peace officer, to be conveyed before fume juft ice of the peace.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall reiift or make forcible oppofition again ft any perfon or perfons employed in the due Execution of this aft. or fhall make or attempt to make any refeue of the cattle, carriage, or other goods didrained or feized by virtue of this aft, ctery fuch perfon offending therein, an<i being convifted thereof before any juftice of the peace, by the oath of One credible witnefs, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, at the discretion of fuch juftice, and in cafe the fame fhall not be immediately paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of correftion, there to remain for any time not exceeding' one month, or until the laid forfeiture fhall be paid*

ZU1 Aad



Yhe ihirty**ig))th Year of Ge&rge III*

XLlI. And be it further enaded, That all fine9, penalties and forfeitures, impofed for riny offence committed again ft this ad, the fnanner of levying and applying which (s not herein particularly direded, (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale qf the offenders goods, By warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom the offender (hall be convicted, by the oath of one credible withefc, and in cafe of non-payment thereof, every fuch offender fhall be committed by fuch juftice, by warrint under his hand and feal, to the common gaol or houfe 6f correction, there to remain without bail or mainpnze, for any time not exceeding thrfce moriths; or until the faid fine, forfeiture* t>r penalty be paid ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, and penalty when paid, (Hall be applied by the faid directors itl * aid of the tolls, towards the life of the faid road, and ia rewarding the informer or parties convicting, and the con-ftables or the perfons affifting* as to the faid directors dr any ,three of them, fhall Item proper.

XLIII. And be it further enaCted, That every juftiefc jufticesmaj of the peace, fhall htlve poWer within bis jurifdiction, to aduynifter ■dminifter all oaths which are hereby required or direded, oa *’

Or which may be neceffary for the pnrpofes of this adt; and that in all cafes where ariy okth is preferibed or mentioned lathis aCt, the affirmation of the party if he or fhe be a. Affirmitiofl quaker, fhall and may be made or taken in, the place of of a Quaker; liich oath, and if any p’dfon fhall take or rftakc any oath or affirmation preferibed or empowered to be taken or given, by virtue of or in purfuance of this ad, or for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution, and fhall wilfully l'weat Or affirm falfely therein, or fhall fuborrt any perfon or per-fons to fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch perfon (hall refpedively upon convidion, fuffer the pains and penalties by the fcveral llatutes now in being, or by law preferibed, agatnft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of fubornation of perjury.	,

XLIV And be it further enaded, That where any dif- Ijifireftiioi trefs ffiall be made for any fum or fums of money to be le- jhcn*d unlxtr^ vied by virtue of this ad, the dill refs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, por the party or parties making the fame* * be deemed a trefpuffer or treljlaffers oh account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor fhall the party or parties diftraining, be deemed a ttef-paflei or trefpaffcrs, ab initio, on account of any irrcgnla-	c

rity which fhall be afterwards done by the pdrty or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by luch irregularity may recover full fatisfadiou for the fpecial da- N xnage, in an aCtion on the cafe.

F f a	XLV. Provided

AH fines, may be levied by difttef#*

♦J*

A. D.

1798-

Chap. 31.

As herein.

Directors ttay take

As hcrciri'.

Ifdirc&drsdo not agree for ground, &c. Comroiffioners may proceed to value.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

.	.	.1

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That n6 perfon appointed, or to be appointed a direftor for putting this aft into execution, (hall have or accept of ary place of profit arifir.g out of, or by reafou of the tol err duty by this aft laid, or be granted, but fuch perfon fhafl be incapable from the tone of accepting and continuing to £njoy ftich place of profit, of afting as a direftor, and ana1-ther direftor (hall be chofcn in his room.

XLVI. And whereas the faid road is in many places too narrow, and is thereby dangerous and produftivc of delay to travellers, and rendered more expenfive and difficult 'to be kept in repair, and it may be expedient to widen the fame, and in many places to form a new line of road, for thepurpofe of (hortening the diftance, Or avoiding hills, ofr faviug the expence of widening, and to take off inconvenient angles and windings; be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for any three of the faid drreftors to take by leafe or to purehafe from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick, or corporate, fo much of the ground Contiguous t6 the faid road, whethef built upon or not, as may be necef-fary for widening the fame to the breadth of one hundred feft/ between Dublin and Glaflnevin-bridge, and to any breadth, not more than eighty, nor lefs than fi*ty feet, between Gtaffnevin-bridge and Knockfedan, and for making fences and ditches thereto ; and alfo to take by* leafe, or to purehafe fuch ground as may be necefTary for forming fuch new lines of road, or taking off inconveniences, angles and windings in the prefent road, at fuch yearly rent, or at fuch price as they can agree for.

XLV II. Provided always, That no part of 3ny new foad, which (hall be made by forming a new line, or taking off inconvenient angles or windings, (hall be made of a left width than one hundred feet in the clear, if between Dublin and Glaflnevin-bridge, or of a lefs width than fixty feet, if between Glafflievin-bridge and Knockfedan.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That all ditches or fences' to be made to any fuch new road, or to any pail of the old road which (hall be widened, fhall have their backs turned to the road, and the gripe or trench to the field.

XL1X. And be it further enafted, That if the faid drreftors (hall not agree fot* the rent or purehafe of any fuck ground as may be neceflary for any of the purpofes afore-wid, and (hall apply to the commiflioncrs appointed for making a wide and convenient way, direct, or pafTage fiom Eflcx-bridge to the Caflle of Dublin, to have the fame valued ; it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners hft mentioned, and they are hereby required as often as fuch application (hall be made to them, to proceed without delay to

value

/Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.	453

value the whole of fuch ground as (hall be fpecified in fuch A. D. application, and the faid corrimiffioners (hall proceed in fuch *79®* valuation in like manner, and (hall have and exercifc, and Chap. 31. are hereby veiled, for that purpofe, with all and every the L-powers veiled in them by )aw; for opening any new llreet, or widening any old llreet in the faid city j and upon fuch valuation being made, and the amount thereof paid to or depolited with the faid commiilioners, by the directors appointed under this aCl, for the ufe of the perfou or perfong interefled, and upon all expencea attending fuch valuation being paid and fatisfied by'them, the faid commiilioners (ball caufe proper conveyances of the ground £0 valued to be made to the faid commiilioners appointed under this a6t; and fuch valuation and expeace, fhall and may be paid out of the funds arming by virtue of this aCl, either by tolls, loan, orotherwife.

L. And be it further enaCted, That the faid directors. The direc-the fupervifor, collectors, and all other perfong (hall have tors,&c ihall all and lingular the fame powers and! authorities, and the havc fame fike regulations, penalties and forfeitures, that (hall affeCt ^w^oacL and extend to every part of. any new road laid out by the faid directors, as are provided or enaCted with refpeCt to any part of the pr^fent road.

LI. And whereas the tolls to be collected on the faid turnpike road will not be fufficient to anfwer the fever^T charges thereon, and to wi^cq and repair the faid road, and form fuch new lines of road as may be necelfary ; be it further enaCted, That any three or more of the faid directors, (hall and inay, and are hereby empowered from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch on at 5 fum 01 fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the per cent, fum of five thoufand pounds (lerling, as they (hall judge ne-iefTary towards repairing aqd widening the faid road, or forming new lines of toad, in the place and (lead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be in7 curred by virtue of this prefent, or any former aCt; and that for all fuch fums fo to be borrowed, bills, entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpecified, (hall be iflued atid figned by, and 1'ealeH with the feal of three or Inore of the faid directors ; and that fuch bills (hall bei\r fuch intcreft from the date thereof, as (hall be agreed upoii between the faid dircClors, a^d the lender or lenders, not exceeding the late of fix pounds by the hundred, by the > year, and that for fuch fum. To to be borrowed by the (aid diredors, as aforefaid, there (hall he paid by the treafutcr for the time being, by and with the'order and direction of. three or more of the faid direClors, on every firft day of $fay, and fevery firil day of November,' after the refpcClive ■	•	a	dates

A. D.

'798. Chap. 31.

&-r—

tntcrcft un-7 days, lord chancellor ■lay appoint a Receiver.

1

of roa£ df enn^ firmed, deported with co. tteafurcr, dec.



The thirty-cigtyh Year tf George III.

dates of fqch bills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of the fa!d roads, Fikph interetl as {hall be fo agreed upon, in full to the laid days, fo appointed for the payment of fuch interefl, without any fee or charge whatfoever, and from all deductions, defalcations and abatements, until the principal fums therein mentioned, be re-fbedively paid at one payment, and that all fuch bills as (nail be fo iffued and figned, fhall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning vy»th number one, until djq whole thereof {hall be numbered ; provided that no fuch bill {hall be iffued for lefs than fifty pounds, or for tpore th^n one hundred pounds.

Lll. And'be it further enaC^ed, That if any part of the faid intereil fhall be behind, or unpaid by the faid treafurer for the fpace of feven days, after any of the days fo appointed for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great Csal, may upon a petition an(J affidavit, appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the toils of the faid roads as may be neceffary to pay fuch intereil, and the receiver's fees, and all reafonable cofts attending fuch application, or may make fuch order for fequefterin^ the tolls for the payment thereof as to juf-tice fhall pertain.

LI 11. And to avoid the expence and inconvenience of {eparate leaks of each fpot of ground, houfe or houfes, in cafe faid diredors (hall take any fuch at a yearly rent, for any of the purpofeg of this ad, be it enaded, That when the faid directors fhall talje any'giound by agreement, n\ a yearly rent for any of the faid purpofes, a memorial of fuch agreement, figr.ed by any three of the faid diredors entered in the regiflry office in the callle of Dublin, Ihuli be fuffici-$nt evidence of fuch agreement to nil intents anJ puipofcs, and that as many agreements as faid directors fhall think proper, may be contained in one fuch memorial.

LIV. And be ic further enaded, That in id! cafes when the faid diredors fhall alter the prefent Toad, by Laking off any unneceffary angles, or making a newline of road, they fhall caufe a map of fuch parts of the preient road as flail in confequence thereof be dilcontinued by them as part of the turnpike road for the ufe of travellers, to be deposited with the treafurer of the county of Dublin, and if the grand jury of fuch county fhall not within eight months aftef tne tinie faid map fhall be fo depofitccj, prefent fuch parts tov be kept open as a public road, which prefentment any perfon may traverfe every fuch part of the fa d old road as {hall not be fo prefented, {hall be, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the diredors of the faid roa& for the benefit thereof, and dull or xpay be fet 04 fold by the faid di^edon, or any '	'	,	three

*

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

three of them, and the rent pr money arifjng therefrom, fhall be applied by them towards payment of the rents or purchafe of fuch grounds at they may think proper tq take by yearly rent, or to purchafe for any of the purpofet herein before mentioned, or in any former a$.

LV. Provided always, That no fuch presentment for keeping open any fuch part of the preterit road (hall be made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two ** * credible perfons, who can read and write, Setting forth tha$ fuch part of the road is necefiary to be kept ppen ?s a public road* for the convenience of travellers.

LVI. And be it further enafted, That if at any time Parts prefentr hereafter, the grand jury of fuch county (hall prefent the ed to be ift<5ppe4 fame to be ftopped up, it (hall be immediately thereupon,	*n

and is hereby declared to be veiled in the faid diree-tors, without any further aft done on their behalf, a* fully as if the fame never had been presented to be kept open.

LVI I. And whereas the empowering grand juries tp g. jury m*T prefent faid road to be widened, may tend to avoid expence prefent road to and delay, be* it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for bewdenednyoo the grand jury of the county of Dublin, or the county (if > Vl** the city of Dublin, at any term or at any fefifons of the peace, to prefent at the defire of the faid direftors, any part of the faid road within their refpeftive counties, to be widened to the width to which it may be widened by virtue of this aft, upon an affidavit fworn before any juftice of the fk*ac£ for fuch county, or before the court, by any two cie** dibie perfons, that the part of the road fo required to be widened is not of the width of	fpecifying	the

ividth to which it may be widened by virtue of the faid

,

LVIII. Provided always, That if the owner or occupier o^en 0p of the land, where the faid road is to be widened as afore- fend may 'tra* faid, (h^ll think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by fuch pre- verfe prcfoitf ientment, it (tall be lawful for fuch perfon to traverfe the meats, fame at the fame term or feffions for damages, and fuch traverfe (hall he tried at the fame term, or at the tjfi priui (jttings aftsr fuch term, or at the fame, or the next feflGons pf the peace, and upon all damages which fhall be found by the jury, who fhall try fuch traverfe, being paid to the tfaverfcr, or depofited with the county treafurer, for hid or her ufe, it fhall be lawful for the (aid direftors to proceed in widening the fame, purfuant to the faid preferment, without the interruption of any perfon whatfo- ^ ever.	A	taftforer

LIX. And be it further enafted, That it (halllaw-fql fot the faid direftors, or any three qf them, to appoint “rcAoi^ m

s trea- hyp»in)

Preferment#



45<$

7he thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

A. D. a treafarer at a yearly falary, not exceeding twenty pounds* 1798.	and as they (hall lee occafion to remove him, and appoint

Chap. 31.	another perfon in his (lead, and to take from every perfon

whom they (hall appoint, fuch fecurity as they fl ail think, ptoper, for his duiy accounting for, and paying all money Svhich he (hall receive as a treafurer, and for depofiting the fame, from time to time, in fuch manner as they or any three of them (hall from time to time direct in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank.

LX. And whereas the road leading from Citrragha, ia the county of Meath, to the city of Dublin, fails into the road frpm Knockfedan to the faid city, at the houfeof Prof-ped, a little to the northward of the royal canal ; and

By37p. whereas by an ad p (fed in the thirty-feventh year of his -C. 29. the roii prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for improving and repair• l^e roac^ haiiin2 irom *h* city of Dublin to Rat oath and a turnpike road, Ciirragha, and for altering and amending An ad peffed in GfC.	the thirty fifth year of his prefent Maj fly's reign, entitled. Am

a3 for making, •widening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoalh, and for ereding turnpike's there•

” • •"	on, in aid of barony preferments, the faid road from Curra-

gha to the faid city is made a turnpike road; in older therefore to remove all doubts which may arife upon the conftrudion of the faid ad, and to prevent pafTcngers on cither of the faid mads being lubjed to additional tolls, be It further enaded, That nothing in the faid ad contained, fhall extend to give the diredors or any othc perfon or perft>n9 appointed, or to be appointed under the*authority of the faid ad, any controul, power, or management of, or dvcr fuch part	the faid road as lies between the houfe of

Profped aforefa.d, and the faid city ; nor flmll it be lawful for the diredors, trullees, or commillioners appointed by the faid ad, nor for the diredors to be appomttd-imdcr this ad, except under the provilion herein after mentioned, to ered any pay-gate, between the faid houfe of Profped and the faid city.

Said read to LX1. And for the amending and repairing the faid road be under the between the faid houfe and the faid city, be it further en-controul of di- aded, That the fame (hall be amended, repaired; widened, re ors.	or other wife rendered more convenient to pallejigrrs, by the

diredors to be appointed by virtue ol this ad, and fhall be entirely under thiir guidance *wd controul, any thing in the faid ad to tht contrary uotwithitanding.

Expencesto LX 11. And be it further enaded, That all expences at-be defraud out tending the fame, (hall be defrayed out of the tolls arising of tolls on each by virtue of this ad, and of the faid recited ad, in the ex-■s^herek!14111* ProPortiou which the total amount of the tolls received

quarterly

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

quarterly on each of tke faid roads from Knockfedan to ^Dublin, and from Curragha to Dublin, (hall bear to each other, for the purpofe of afcertaiwng which proportion the directors or truftees, their treafurer, fupervifor, or other' officer, ading as fuch under the faid recited ad, (hall with* iri fix days after the expiration of each quarter of a year, ending on the firft of May, firft of Auguft, firft of November, and firft of February, in each year, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the directors appointed under this ad, their' treafurer, fupervifor, or officer ading as fuch, a true account on oath of the amount of the tolls received during the faid quarter on the faid road, from Curragha to Dublin ; and the diredors appointed under this aft, {hall within ten days afteV, or as foon as they conveniently can, deliver to the diredors or truftees appointed under the laid recited ad, their treafurer, fupervifor or perfon ading as fuch, an exadi account on oath of all money expended by them on the faid road, between the houfe of Profped and the city of Dublin, or on account thereof during the faid quarter, ftating the particulars thereof, and {hall alfo deliver an account on oath of the amount of the tolls received during the faid quarter, on the road from Knockfedan to Dublin, and {hall ftate the rate by the pound flerling, which the money fo expended amounts to, or the whole of the tolls received during the faid quarter, on both of the faid roads, and the amount of the proportion thereof, which is to be defrayed out of the tolls received on the road from Curragha to Dublin, which amount fhall be forthwith paid on demand by the directors br truftees of the faid road from Curragha to Dublin, or by their treafurer, fupervifor, or perfon ading as fuch, to the diredors appointed under this ad, or fuch perfon as they fhall from time to time authorise to receive the fame.

LX1II. And be it. further enaded, That in cafe of non- Suchpropor-payment of fuch proportion or any part thereof, it fhall and tion of expence may be recovered by civil bill again!! the treafurer, fupervi- be recover* for, or any of the diredors of the faid road from Curra-	***

gha to Dublin, in the name of the diredors to be appointed by virtue of this ad, and in cafe fuch moiiey fo to be paid, bn account of th* monies expended by the diredors appointed under this adih any one quarter of the year, {hall not be paid and fully fatisfied to them before the .expiration of the next quarter, or in cafe the diredors, truftees, their treafurer, fbpervifor, or other officer ading as fuch under the faid recited ad, fhall at any time fail or opiit to deliver fuch account on oath at the time, and in the manger .tyerein before required, it {hall and may be lawful for them to ered a pay-gate acroCi any part of the faid road, be-

. 4	*	tween

i

Digitized by

Google

Deemed a

pay-gate crevle4

voder thu ad.

Oath« admin if-tred l»y any ma-giArate.

If dire&ors Ou not pty within one qfcartcr, it may be continued ever after.

So U ng at fuch gate con-as herein, dir viois freed fio . expeucca of fuch part.

The thirly-tighth Tear of George IIL

tween the faid houfe of Profped and the Circular Road jound the faid city of Dublin, and there to 'demand arid receive the tolls payable by virtue of this ad# any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith Handing.

LXIV. Provided always, That fuch pay-gate (hall be deemed one of the pay-gates ereded under the provifions of this ad, fo as that the perfon palling or repaying through the fame, or through any other pay-gate eroded by virtue of this ad, producing fuch ticket as herein mentioned, (hall aud may pafs and repafs toll free, with the fame cattle or carriage during the fame day.

LX V And be it further cnaded, That any magiftrate may adminider any of the oaths aforefaid.

LXVI. And be it further enabled, That if withio one quarter of a year after fucli pay gate (hall be ereded, the directors of the faid road from Curragha to Dublin, (hall not pay, or caufc to be paid all money, due or to be paid by them to the diredors appointed under this ad, up to the day oq which it (hall have been ereded purfqant to the provifioas of this ad, fuch pay-gate (hall and may he continued ever after, for the ufe of the dirtdors appointed under this act, the produce thereof to be by them applied in manner herciq appointed for the application of the tolls tq be received under this ad.

LXVII. And be it further enaded, That fo long as auy pay-gate (hall continue eredted, and toll be demandablc thereat, between the faid houfe of Profpe^ and the faid city of Dublin, the diredors, truHces, treafi\rcr, an^ fupervifor appointed under the faid ad, (hall be freed and difphargc^ from pa) ing any.part of the tolls received by them towards fuch expences as (hall be incurred on the faid road, from the houle of Profped to the faid city, during the continuance of fuch pay gate ; and it (hallalfo be lawful during fuch continuance, for the diredors under this ad^ to cred one and more pay-gates on the fide of the road from Kn6ckfe-daa to Dublin, acrofs any road, lane, or way, leading out of the faid road, in any place between the road leading from Glafinevin to Drumcondra, and tha city of Dublin, and there to demand and receive fuch tolls as are appointed by this ad to be taken at a^y pay-gate, any thing herein befote contained to the conti ary not with* (landing.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III,

CHAP. XXXJV.

4* AS t* continue for a limited Timet the Government and Management of the Houfe of Induftry % for the Relief of the Poor in Ilublu), under the frefent atiting Governors

thereof.

WHEREAS in purfuance of an a& pafled in the Ia$ feflion of parliament entitled, An a£t for the better governing and managing the houfe of induftry, for the relief of the poor in Utublin ; feven periods members of the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Duhlin* hare been elected to be acting governors of the houfe of induftry, Under the management of the faid corporation, until the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety* eight: And whereas it is expedient to continue the government and management of the faid houfe*of induftry, in the peifons fo elected, he it therefore enacted, That the feveral perfons who have been fo elected a* aforefaid, (hall continue to be aCtiug governors of the faid houfe of induftry, until t\\c firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine 5 and they or any three or more of them, (hall have the fame power and authority as is given by the faid a6t, to the perfons chofen in purfuance of the faid a6t, to be acting governors of the faid houfe of induftry.

II.	Provided always. That if any of the perfons fo continued in the government of the faid houfe of induftry, (hall for the fpace of one calendar month, be abfent from fuch meetings of the faid governors as (hall be had within fuch Bpnth, unlefs prevented by ficknefs or fuch other caufe as (hail appea reafonable to fuch of the governors as (hall attend at fuch meetings, fuch caufe to be inferted in the minutes of their proceedings, every fuch perfon (hall be incapable of being a governor for the remainder of the faid time, a d in luch cate, and in cafe any of the faid governors (hall die or refign, the furviving a&ing governors mall from time to time, as often as it (hall fo Ifoppcn, forthwith pro-freed to ele& another member of the faid corporation, to be a governor of the faid houfe for the remainder of the faid time, in the ftead of the perfon fo rendered incapable of a&ing as a governor of the faid houfe, or who (hall have died or refigned.

IIJ. And whereas it often happens that perfons committed as common beggar* to the faid houfe, are immediately and frequently by undue means difeharged there-

• from,

Ele&ed perfons continue . governors until I May, 1799-

When governors abfent for a month, others fhall be chofen.

Perfons t mitted, See 30* diicharged without con*

4^0	The thirty Eighth Tear pf George 111.

from, and returned to beg in the flreets, be it enacted. That no perfon fo committed, fhall be dilcharged from the faid houfe, without the confent of three at lead of the acting governors given under their hands in writing.

CHAP. XXXV.

An AS for the better management of the WorL-boufi anj

Foundling Hofpi'al in J)ublin•

FOR the better government nnd management of the work-h«ufc and foundling hofpital in the i ity of Dublin, and for more efte£ti:ally relieving the children receive4 therein, be it enacted by the Ring’s moil excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lo ds fpintual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament al-9 perfons ap- fembkd, and by the authority of the fame, That the right poipted gover- honourable the carl of Altamont, the right reverend the lord *ori,> kc* bifhop of Ferns, the righ; honourable David Latouche, the right honourable Sackville Hamilton, do&or George Reney, major .Maximilian Faviere1, the reverend Arthur Maguire, Robert Alexander, efquire, and Alexander Kirkpatrick, enquire, (hail be, and they are hereby constituted governors of the faid work-houfd and hofpital, and they and the fur. vivors of them, and fuch other perfon or perfon$ as fhall be * elected governors in manner herein after mentioned, upon the death or refignation of any of fuch governor or governors, or an* three or more of them, fhall fiave the foie direction and management of the fame, and of all matters concerning or relating to the faid Work-houfe and Found-liug-hofpital, as fully as the perfons who are now governors of the laid work-houfe and hofpital ; aud all powers and authorities which may now be'lawfully ex ere lied by the governors heretofore appointed, (hail and may be cxercifed by the faid ftfvcral perfons named in this adl, and their fuccei-,	fors,	as fully to all intents aud purpofes as if the fame were

re-enatted in this

Upnn death II. And be i^ enacted, That from time to time, upon T <wrrnoflOU **	or rc^gnatlon of any perfon herein named, or any

•mllh^clcdted. Pcr^on who fhall be eledted a governor in the place of fuch perfon, the furviving governors fhall elcifl a fit and proper perfon to be a governor in the fiend of the perfon dying or refigning, and every perfon fo elected, fhall from thence* • forth have the fame power and authority in the mattersiifore-faid, as if he were conftitutcd a governor of the faid Work-houfe and Fouudling-hoipital by this a&.

III.	And

Cent of 3 governors.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.	46c

Til, And whereas by an aft parted in the eleventh and A. D. twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, 1798.

An ad for better* regulating the Foundling-hofpital and Work- Chap. 35* boufc in the city of Dublin, and encreafng tlx fund for the ^ fupf t thereof cdfo fot making a provfton for appointing a	By 11	& IS

locum teneni in cafe of the death or ahfence of flee lord mayor,	to

or the prft dent of the court of confience, it is ena^cd, That	at

the faid governors (hall eleft and appoint a proper perfon to herein, be their treafurer or fteward, and overfeer of the faid Foundling-hofpital and Work-houfe, during their pleafure, at a fa-lary not exceeding oi.e hundred and fifty pounds per annum, * and the faid treafurer or fteward, and overfeer of the Foundling-hofpital and Work-houfe, when fo elefted and appointed as aforefaid, (hall together with two other folvent ami fufficient perfons, execute a bond to the faid governors, in a fum not lefs than two thoufar.d pounds, conditioned for	*

his well and truly accounting upon oath to the faid governors, once in every year, or oftener, if he (hall be thereunto required, for all fums of money which (hall come into his hands as treafurer to the faid Foundling-hofpital and Work-houfe, and for faithfully difeharging his duty in every particular, and for the keeping one or more good and fufficient clerk or clerks under him, the better to execute his faid office, for the juft and good conduft of which clerk or clerks he fhallbe accountable ; provide ! neverthelefs, that the fum Or fums to be paid to fuch clerk, or clerks, do not in the whole in any one year, exceed the fum of twenty pounds and that every fuch clerk fo to be kept by the treafiuer for the time bcihg, before he (hall aft as juuh, (ball be approved bf by the faid governors, or any eleven or more of them, and the ftiid governors fhall alfo at the fame time nominate and appoint a regifter to the laid Foundling-ho-pirn! and Work-houfe, during pleafure, at a fahuy not exceeding iixty poiinds a year ; and the faid regifter fhall from time to time fummon every member of the faid corporation, refuh <r in Dublin, or the liberties thereto adjoining, to meet ami aflemble at the faid Work-houfe, to hold a general court •f aflembly on the days herein after directed, for the quarterly holding of the famej or oftener, at the faid Work-houfe, or any other place, if the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the court of affiftants* or any five or more of them, (hall fee occalion ; and the faid regilt-r (ball ilfo give notice to ctich member of the court of alii Hants of their days and place of meeting, r.nd (hall a!fo do and perform all fuch other bufinefs as the laid governors, or any tleven of them (hall from time to time think neceffary to be done; and the faid regifter before he enters upon his ibid office, (hall with two other folvent and fufticient perfons execute

Digitized by

Google

Governor* ttay appoint < f* ficert, and apportion falaxies.

Momc* fhail fie paid into fiaiiL

tn force until 1ft Aug 1799.

The fotrty-eighth Yetfir if George IIL

cute a bond to the faid governors fora fum not lefs than fir? hundred pounds, conditioned for his faithful difeharge of the duties of his office, and it (hall and may be lawful to zed for the faid governors, eleven It leaf! being prefent at any fuch meeting or meeting?, to uominate and appoint durir^ pleafure, two phyficians to attend the (aid Foundline-hofpt-tal and Work-houfe, during pleafure, at a yearly falary not exceeding eighty pounds a year to eacbphyfician ; and aifo to nominate aiid appoint all other ncceuaty officers and fer-vants, to the faid Foundling-hofpital and Work-houfe, during pleafure, with fuch reafonable falaries as they fhail judge propet, fiot ritfceeding in the whole, (exdufive of thofe hereby granted to the treafurer, regifter, and phyfi-cians,) the yearly fum of. five hundred pounds ; be it enacted, That tne faid recited claufes, fo far as they relate la the nomination arid appointment of the fevend officers therein fpecified, be* and they arc hereby repealed.

IV.	And for the better management of the faid hoffn^ tal, and the more effedual application of the feveral fwns fo allotted for falaries as above recited ; be it ena&ed, That it fhail be lawful for the governors appointed by this ad, or any four of theinf from time to time, to nominate and appoint fuch officers and other perfons as they fhail detin mod expedient, for executing thefevcial trufta and duties of the faid hofpital, and to distribute and apportion falaries to the perfons fo appointed, in ft^ch manner, and in ftfch proportions as the laid governors, or any four of them, fhail think fit, provided that fuch falaries (Kail not in the whole exceed the fums above mentioned, in more than one hundred pounds per amumt making in the whole a fum of nine hundred and ninety pounds per annum.

V.	And for the greater fecunty of the funds, applicable to the faid hofpital, be it enacted, That all monies collected or received for the ufe of faid hofpital, (hall by the feve-ral collectors or perfons receiving the fame, within the fpacc of forty-eight hours after fuch receipt, be paid into the bank of Ireland, for the ufe of the faid hofpital, and that an account fhail be kept by the bank for the faid hofpital, and ^he monies fo paid into the bank, fhail be payable thereout, for the ufe of the faid hofpital, upon the orders of the faid governors, appointed by this ad, or of any three of them, direded to the bank for that por* pofe.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That this ad (hall be in force until the firfl day of Auguit in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine^

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III

CHAP. XXXVI.

4$J

A. D. *?98-

An Ad for amending ait Ad pajfcd in the Thirty-third year of His Mayfly'': Reign, Entitled, Aii Ad for /tearing the Freedom and Independence of the Houfe of Commons, by excluding therefrom Perfon: bolding any Office: under the Crown, to he hereafter created, or holding certain Office: therein enumerated, or Penfion: for Term: of Tear:, or during Hit Majejtf* Pleafurc.

WHEREAS by an aft patted in the thirty-third year Members who

of bis iVlajefty's reign, entitled, An ad fir fecur ’tng accept offices of the freedom and independence of the houfe of common:, by ex- ^te theirfeats eluding therefrom perfons holding any offices under the crown, to |,ut may ^ w, he hereafter created, or holding certain offices therein enumerated, ele&cd. or penfion: for terms of years, or during his Majefly9: pleafurc, it is enafted, That if any perfon being chofen a member of the houfe of commons, (hall after the thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, accept any office of profit from the crown, during fuch term as he fhall continue a member, his feat Hull thereupon become vacant, and a writ fhall ifTue for a new eleftion : And whereas to obtain the objeft of the faid aft, it is necefTary that the feats of members fhould' be vacated by accepting offices from the chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom,

In the Time manner as if the fame were accepted immediately and direftly from the crown : Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament .afTembled, That if any perfon being chofen a member of the houfe of commons, fhall from and after the paffing of this aft, accept any office of profit from, or by the nomination or appointment, or by any other appointment, fubjeft to the approbation of the lord lieutenant, loid deputy, lord juftiee, or lord juilices, or other chief governor, or governors of this kingdom, his feat fhall thereupon become vacant, and a writ fhall ifTue for a new eleftion ; provided hcverthelefs, that fuch perfon (hall be capable of being again elcfted, to be a member of the houfe of commons, for the plaee for which he had been a member, or any other place fending members to the houfe •f commons*

C H A P-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III,

4^4

A. D.

1798.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Aft to mile Provifion for Quartering fuch Foreign Troops as His Majejly may think proper to employ in this Kingdom» for the Defence thereof.

Foreign troopi TT7HEREAS it may at this jun&ure be expedient and tiny be provided VV needfary to employ foreign troops, and to bring over for, a* other	the fame for the defence of this kingdom : And whereas di£

troops are.	ficult ies may a rife in providing quarters for fuch troops:

be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by '	and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and

temporal, and cotnmons in thit prefent parliament affcm-fcled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch foreign troops as his Majefty may in his wifdom and paternal regard for the fafety and defence of this kingdom, employ within this kingdom for the defence thereof, (hall and may during their continuance here, be quartered and received, and provided for in quarters in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes as his Majefty’s troops in this kingdom now are, and that the employing;* paying, billeting, quartering, receiving and providing for fuch troop*, fhall be deemed and taken to be legal and effeftual to all intents 3nd purpofes whatfoever, any law to the contrary in any wife notwithilanding.

*	CHAP.	XXXVIII.

An Aft to enable Commijfioners of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, in and for the County, and County of the City of Dublin, to commence, hold, and continue tbeir Seflums during the Term.

*

Commiffionert XT7HEREAS it is neceffary for the fpeedy adminiftra-may hold feffions VV tion of juftice, that Commiffioners of Oyer and during term. Terminer, and general or fpecial gaol delivery, may commence their fefliorfs in the county ot Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, during term-time: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembkd,' and by the authority of the* fame, That it fhall and may be lawful

for

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.	4^5

For commiflioners of Oyer and Terminer, and general or A- D. fpecial gaol deli very, in and for ^he county of Dublin, and *79*' the county of the city of Dublin, refpedively, to commence, hold, and continue their feflions during the time of term, and notwithftanding the court of king’s*bench may be fitting in the faid counties refpedively, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it enaded, That all precepts iflued, or to be Precepts ifTucd ifTued, for holding fuch feflions, or any of them* during fhall b« Talid. term, (hall be good and valid, to all intents.

i

CHAP. XXXIX*

An A8 for the better afeertainmg the Amount, and featring the Payment of the Bills of Cojl of Proflors, employed in tarry* ing on, and defending Suits unci tranfading Bifinefi in the High Court of admiralty, in His Majef.yfs Court of Prerogative, in the Court of Delegates, and in all Ecclejiajlicid Courts within the Kingdom of Ireland.

WH £ R E A S feveral controverfies, differences and Pre*»M** difputes have arifen between prodors and their clients touching the bills of colt of the faid prodors, the amount of them refpedively, and the payment of the fame* for bufinefs tran faded by faid prodors in the high court of admirairy, his Majeity's court of prerogative, the court of delegates, and in all eccletiaftical com ts within this kingdom : for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the king’s moffc excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpititua$ and temporal, and commons in this prefenf-parliament alfembled, au'd by the authority of the fame, Frcun ift That from and after the tirft day of June, one thoufand fc- June, 179S, no Ten hundred and ninety-eight, no prodor of his Majefty** Pr0^ar court of prerogative, or of his Majefty’3 high court of ad-sniralty, court of delegates, or of%any ecclefiaft.'cal court in 4iC. un.;i a f this kingdom, (hall commence or mtriptain, any adion or month after de-fuit at law, or otherwise for the recovery of any fees, charge*	of a hill,

or difburfements which fhail on or before the faid firft day of fijfcribed, as June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, «r at herein. * any time after the faid day, be or become due’ or owing to him in any proceedings in any of faid cours, until the r xpi-ration of one month or more after fuch prodor (hall have delivered unto the party or parties to be charged therewith, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their dwelling-houfe, or Iaft place of abode, a bill of fuch fees, charges and difburfements, written in a common legible hand, and Vol. XI.	G	g	i£

Google

4w'

A. D.

1798. Chap. 39

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

in the Englifh tongue, (except law terms, or names of fuch proceedings in fuch courts as arc ufually expreiled in other languages,} and in words at length, (except times and fums,) which bill (hall be fubfcribed with the proper hand of fuch pro&or, and upon application of the party or parties chargeable by fuch bill, or of any other perfon in that behalf authorized, unto the judge or judges of fuch of the aforefaid courts, in which the bufinefs contained in fuch bill, or the greateft part thereof in amount or value, (hall liave been tranfafied for the taxation of fuch bill; and upon the fubmiflioii of the party or parties, or fuch other perfon authorized as aforefaid, to pay the whole fum, that upon the taxation of the faid bill (hall appear to be due to the faid prodor, or upon application of the pro&or, after the delivery of fuch bill to the perfon or perfons, and in the manner herein before mentioned, to fuch judge or judges of faid court, for the taxation of fuch bill, it (hall and may be lawful for the judge or judges of faid court, and he and they is, and are hereby required to refer the faid bill, and the (aid pro6tors demands thereon, (although no a&ion or fuit (hall be then depending, touching the fame,) to be taxed and fettled by the regifter of faid court or his deputy, without any money being brought into the faid court for that purpofe ; and the faid judge or judges is, and are hereby authorized and required to review and alter, as he or they (hall think fit, the taxation of the faid regifter, or of his de* puty, and certify the fame ; and if the faid pro&or, or the party or parties chargeable by fuch bill having due notice, lhall refufe or negled to attend fuch taxation, the faid regifter or his deputy may proceed to tax the faid bill, ex parte, pending which reference and taxation, no a&ion (hall be commenced or profecuted touching the faid demand 5 and upon the taxation and fettlement of fuch bill and demand, the faid party or parties (hall forthwith pay to the faid pro&or, or any perfon by him authorized to receive the fame, the whole fum that (hall be found to be, or remain due (hereon ; which payment (hall be a full difeharge of the faid bill and demand; and in default thereof, the faid party or parties (hair be liable to an a&ion at the fuit of faid proctor, to be brought in any of his Majefty’s courts of law of this kingdom, for fuch fum r.s (hall be ascertained by fuch taxation, to be due to faid pro&or, upon fuch his bill or demand ; and upon the trial of fuch a&rojl it (hall be fuffici-ent for fuch pro&or to prove the fervicc of fuch bill, hi manner herein before mentioned, and'fuch jiroof, together with proof of the name and hand-writing of the regifter, or of his deputy, who (hall tax fuch cofts. and if the judge or judges of faid court, to faid bill, (hall be fufficicnt evidence on fuch

ithe thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.

trial of the taxation thereof; and if upon fuch taxation and Settlement, it fhall be found that fuch pro&or Shall happen to have been overpaid by any fum or fums of money, which fhall appear to have been paid to the faid prod or, during the courfe of fuch proceedings, for and on account of the fame, then and in fuch cafe, the faid pro&or (hall forthwith refund and pay over unto the party or parties entitled thereto, or to any perfon by him, her or them authorized to receive the fame, all fuch money as the faid regifter, and judge or judges (hall certify upon the faid bill to have been lo overpaid ; and in default thereof, the faid prodor (hall be liable to an adion at the fuit of the faid party or parties, in any of his Majcfty's courts of law in this kingdom, for fuch fum or fums fo overpaid ; and proof of the name and handwriting of the regifter or his deputy, and judge or judges of faid court, in which faid bill is taxed, fubferibed to fuch bill, (hall be fufllcient evidence of faid over-payment; and the judges of faid refpedive courts, are hereby authorized to award the cods of fuch taxation, according to the event of the taxation ; that is to fay, if the bill taxed be lefs by a fixth than the bill delivered, then the prodor is to pay the cods of faid taxation, but if it (hall not be lefs, the court fhall m its diferetion, charge the prodor or client with fuch oofls, according to the nature of the cafe.

D

CHAP. XL.

.An AS for the better enabling certain Perfotis to open and work Mines, and to raife Coal, Culm, Minerals, and Fojfds in this Kingdom, and for working and manufacturing the fame.

WHEREAS the following per Tons, videlicet, Abra- Pertbns

ham Mills, William Roe, Robert Hodgfon, Bryan hemn nitncd Hodgfon, Thomas Weaver, Senior, Edward Hawkins, company,^ Thomas Smith, and Charles Caldwell, all of Great Britain, worked7* efquires, and Brabazon Noble, late of the city of Dublin, Cronebane cfquire, in or about the year one thoufond feven hundred an.d otkc* and cighty-feren, alfociated themfelvea (together for the minc*’ purpofe of working copper, and other mines in this kingdom, under the name and firm of M the alfociated Iri(h mine company,” and have fince worked the^ mines of Crones bane, and other mines in the county of Wicklow, and have expended thereon, and in, for and concerning the Working the fame, the fum of forty-eight thoufand nine hundred aqd fourteen pounds fixtccti (hillings and twa-pence, indc-'	G	g	%	pendant





Digitized by

C004.,

<69

A. D. *

f79®' Chap. 40.



u‘

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

pendant of intereft: And whereas the (aid federal pcrfonf did after forming fa id company, admit the (aid William Roe, and his partners in trade, by the description of William Roe and* company, to hold one equal (Hare with them, by which the faid concern became divided into ten equal (hares: And whereas the (hares, rights, and titles, and in* tereffs, which the faid Thomas Smyth and Charles Caldwell had tn the faid concerns* are now veiled in Richard Walker, Thomas Lcyland, and John Boltoo, all of l*iver-pool, in the faid kingdom of Great Britain, as affignees of their eilate and effedts, and the (hare, and right, and title, w and intereft, which the faid Brabazon Noble had therein, has alfo become veiled in William Rowley, efquire, as af-fignee of his eilafe and effc£s ; and one-half of the (hart of the faid William Roe has been affigned by him, and is now ■vtfled m John Jefferies, efquire, and one-fifth part of the lhare of the faid Thomas Weaver, fenior, has been affigned by him, and is now veiled in his fon Thomas Weaver, junior, efquire : and whereas if the (aid company, and thofe perfons who a*e now entitled to (hares therein as afbrefaid, were incorporated and invefted with powers for regulating their capital dock, and of extending the fame, and for Working the faid mines, it would greatly facilitate the carrying on and encreafing the working of the faid mines, and might encourage the faid company to undertake the working of other mines in this kingdom, to the great advantage of the trade and mamifa&urct thereof, be it therefore dialled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiutual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That immediately after the paf-fing of this alt, the faid Abraham Mills, William Roe, for himfelf, and alfo for the tenth (hare veiled in him and his partners in trade as aforefaid, Robert Hodgfon, Bryan Hodgfon, Thomas Weaver, fenior, Edward Hawkins, and the faid Richard Walker, Thomas Leyland, and John Bolton ; faid William Rowley, John Jefferies, and- Thomas Weaver, junior, or the other perfons who (hall at the time of pafEng this aft be legally entitled to the efbtcs and interefts of the faid Thomas Smith, Charles Caldwell, and Brabazon Noble, and their fncceffors and affigns, (had be ere&cd and united into one company, arid for ever hereafter in name and in faH be one body politick and corporate in law, and (hall be called by the name of the affociated irifh mine company, and (hall have perpetual (uceeflion and a common feal, and by their faid name of incorporation, (hall be enabled to plead and fne, and to be impleaded and fued in all courts and places of judicature, and (halt thenceforth

T&f ihirtyiifbth Yta» if George III.	469

be capable fn law 10 purebafe and take any mines, mineral A. D. Heaters, water-courfes, meffuages, lands, tenements, and 1798* hereditaments for tke porpofes of working or manqfeduring, Chap. 40* as they (hall think fit, all or any mines or mine of coal, culm, »>„, —y— and ores, minerals, foffils, mineral waters, quarries of marble, and all beds of clay, ochre, flint, ana other matters wfually found and di{covered in the earth, of what nature or kind foever, and fiull from thenceforth be fully empowered by themfelres, their agents, workmen, and fcrvqnts, to open, work, and mapyfa&ure the fame, without incur*

$ing any of the penalties or forfeit pres of the ftatute9 of mortmain, and alio to fell or otherwife difpofe of any qf the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchafed for the pur-pofe afbrefaid.

iL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That All right and all the eftate, right, title, term, and iqtereft, in and to the mtereft m town tpwn and lands, and mines of Cronebane, and other mines *n<i land* and in t ho county of Wicklow, aforefaid, with all buildings and improvements thereon, and on every of them, and all pro- min^ jn ^ perty veiled thereiq, and held in the name of any perfon or Wicklow and perfons in truft for the aforefaid qriginal perfons, who form- building*, &c. ed laidaflociation, in order to effc&uate the pqrpofc afore- in truft for body faid, (hall be deemed and taken to be held in truft for the cor?or c* body corporate, formed under this a&, and lhall be and enure for their ufc and benefit, aod for the benefit of their iucceflbrs and affigns, as fully as if this a$ had not been made, lave where fuch (hare or (hares (hall be fold by order pf the company under the claufes of this a&,

III.	And be it enafiefl by the authority aforefaid, That what (hall be the joint ftock of the faid company (hall be their eftate, term the joint ftock and intereft, of and in the lands and mines of Cronebane, of faid company, in the county'of Wicklow, which were purchafed in truft for and with the money of the faid company, together alfo with all the ores now raifed there, and on the lands of Tigrony, in fajd coUnty, and all the debts due to the faid pompany, and ail the ores, timber, working-tqols, utenfHs, and materials of all kinds, now at, or in the mines, or lands of (aid company in faid cqnnty, and which were found pr provided by the faid company, or at thqir espence, together with all fuch further fums as (hall be hereafter raifed <or fubferibed in mariner herein mentioned, and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid ^company to encreafe their faid ftoi, with fuch fpm or fums of money as the faid company, or'thc majority of them, at fome general or fpecial meeting, (hall judge proper or neceflkry^q be raifed by fub-fcriptioft, for the purpofe of carrying on their works, which faidfum or fums when fubferibed and raifed, (hall be added to, aod become part of the joint ftock of the laid company.

i '	IV.	Pro*

Digitize^

Google

470	. The tLlrty-pgbtb Tear §f George 1IL

A•	D. IV. Provided always, and be it farther ena&ed. That

1798.	the fum or fums to be fo rajfed, together with the preient

£hap. 40.	joint dock of laid company, (hall not in the whole exceed

the fum of one hundred thoufand pounds fieriing.

Stock «©t to v. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* exceed ioo,oool. fa*^ That it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid com* Company may pany to aflerable at Crooebane, or elfewhere, within twelve aflemhle and months after the palling of this a£k, and once in every make bye-laws, yCar	and	from	time to time, as occafion may re-

quire, to adjourn fuch affembly, and at fuch aflembly or any adjournment thereof, to make fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, for the better government of their aftaiis, and of their members, and for railing fuch lubferiptions* and for appointing fuch dire&ors from among the members of the j	(aid company, and for declaring and afeertaining the powers

of fuch dirc&ors, and for carrying on, conducing, extending and managing the works which they are hereby empowered to carry on, and conduct, as they (hall think fit, ^nd to. vary or repeal fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, and ’	to make new ones, for the good and orderly conducing and

_ '^managing of the (aid works, rill which bye-laws, rules and *rbrdens, being reduced into writing, and fubferibed by the ^ members of the faid company, or their fucceffors that (ball The then prefent, either in perfon, or by proxy, (hall be bind-r uPon	comPany and their fucceflbrs, and that

v all fuch orders and proceedings fo entered into, (hall be faidy written in a boo!<, to be kept for that purpofe, by fome clerk, or perfon to be employed by the company for that purpofe, and that every fuch aflembly (hall have power to call for, audite, and fettle all accounts of money received, laid out, or dilburfed on account of the faid aflociated Irifh mine company by the treafuner, ar-by any other perfon or perfons whomfoevtr, authorized by, or concerned for, or under them, in and about the faid undertaking, and the works1 thereto belonging.

Provided always. That the faid bye-laws, rules and ortle??," or "any of them, (hall not be contrary to the laws and of this realm

% davi notice	Vi I	And provided alfo, That eight days notice at the

of meetings lead, "including the day of fuch notice, and the day of bold-(cxccpt the tint.) jng any pucj1 a(fembly, (hall be given of every fuch meeting, (fave the firft meeting after the palling of this a£t) by a fe-cretary or agent to be appointed by the (aid company as herein after mentioned, of the time and place ofholding fuch -	aflembly	in	fuch	public	newfpaper as (hall be ordered by the

chairman of the faid company, fave only that it (hall not be peceflary to give any fuch notice of any aflembly that (hall be held by adjournment as aforefaid*

VIII.	And

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

47*

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the before nam- A. D.

«d Abraham Mills, William Roe, Edward Hawkins, Ro- *798. bert Hodgfon, and Thomas Weaver, junior, or the furvi- Chap. 40. ▼orsof them, fhall be the firft diredors of the faid company, <-■—

and that the faid Abraham Mills, (hall be the firft chairman	diredton

to prefide at the firft meeting, to be held in purfuance of this nominate?*1* ad, and that any two or more of the faid diredors, (the chairman being one) (hall form a committee of the faid company, and proceed as fuch in carrying into effed all rules, orders, and regulations entered into at any affembly , of the faid company or adjournment thereof.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if it (hall at any In what mantime appear, that for the more effer

is neccffary to be held out of the ufuai tuucu courier, u man t>c convened*

be lawful for any five or more of the faid proprietors, who

may each of them be poflefled of or entitled unto ten (hares

or fublcriptions of one hundred pounds, at the lead, in the

faid aflociated lri(h mine company, to caufe thirty-one days

notice at the lcaft to be given thereof, in fbmc public newf-'

paper, in the city of Dublin, fpecifying in fuch notice the

reafon and intention of requefting fuch fpecial affembly,. and '

the time and the place where the fame fhall be held, which.

flace (hall be either at the royal exchange in the city of )ublin, or at Cronebane aforefaid, and all the faid proprietors are hereby authorized to meet purfnant to fuch notice, and fuch of them as (hall be prefent (hall proceed to the execution of the powers by this ad given to the faid company of proprietors, with refped to the matters fo fpecified only, and all fuch ads of the proprietors or the major part of them, met together at every fuch fpecial affembly, (provided fuch major part (hall be poflefled of at lejfcft two hundred and fifty (hares or fubfenptions of one hundred pounds each, in the faid aflociated Irifb mine company) either in* principals or proxies, (hall be as valid" with refped to the matters fpecified in fuch notice as if the fame had been done at any dated general aflembly.

. X And be it enaded. That any member of the faid4 oathora3»r-, company who (hall be appointed a diredor of the faid com*- mation to be pany, (hall before be (hall proceed to ad as fuch, take and taken by dircc-> fubferibe the following oath, (or if he be of the people call- to^,• ed quakers, the following affirmation) at fome affembly'of the faid company, which oath or affirmation the chairman who (hall prefide at fuch affembly is hereby empowered t* sidminifter, and the fame (hall be fairly entered by the feerts tary.belonging/to the faid company, and preferved in a book to be kppt for that purpofe.

in execution an affembly of the faid

/ A. B*.

f __ DigitjzgdjDy CjOO^Ic

Oath.

Yht thirty-eighth Tear of George IH.

I A. B- do folemnly promife and /wear, for if of the fco-fit called juniors do affirm) that I will faithfully and impartially, according to the befl of my Jkill and knowledge, execute the fevered powers and trifle committed to me as cne of the JireQorj of the officiated Jrifh mine company9 hy the bye-laws, rules, and orders of the faid company, without any fervour or qficBfion, prejudice or malice whaifoever,

tea wares.

DivifioQ of

Sadidircdor XI. Provided alfo, That every perfon to be appointed 1 <^re^or* be a&ually poffefled at the time of fuch his appointment, of ten (hares at the lead, in the faid af-fociated Irifh mine company.

XII.	-And be it further enabled. That the aforefaid fum firx* intodura, of forty eight thoufand mine hundred and Fourteen pounds

fixteen (hillings and two pen^e, (hall be divided into fire hundred equal (hares or parts, and that the faid fo e hundred (bares (hall be and are hereby veiled iu the feveral perfons already named, and tbeir refpe£ive executors, admjniftra-tors and afiigns, to their and every of their proper life and benefit, proportionably to the fum they have sdready actually paid thereunto $ and all and every the faid (hares fhall be deemed perfona! eftate, and tranfmiflible as fuch, and not fn the nature of real property, and all bodies politic and Corporate, and all perfons, their feveral and refpe&ive fuc-cdlbrs, executors, admin illrators and aOigns, who fhall federally become entitled by purchafe or otherwife, to one (hare in the faid affociated lH(h mine company, (hall be entitled to take, have, and receive for every fuch (hare, the entire and real diftribution of one five hundredth part ef the profits and advantages that (hall arife and accrue to the faid company, and fo in proportion for any greater number * of (hares, and that e/cry perfon or peVfons having fuch property of one five hundredth part, or one (hare in the faid company, and fo in proportion for any greater number of (hares as aforefaid, (hall bear and pay a proportionable fum towards carrying on the faid undertaking in manner herein dirc6ei and appointed.

XIII.	And for the better fecuring to the feveral proprietors of the faid affociated Irifh mine company their reactive (hares therein: be it further enabled, That the (aid company of proprietors, (hall and are hereby required at their firft, or fome fubfequent general affcmbly, to caufe the names and proper additions of the feveral perfons who (hall then be entitled to a (hare or (hares in the faid company, with the number of the (hares which they aFe then refpec-tively entitled to hold, to be entered in a book to bp for that purpofe kept by the clerk or fecretary to the faid company, and that the faid clerk or fecretary, foall in fuch book or

books*,

Kastf of

proprietor* to

be entered in a \X>ok.

Di< . :ed by CjOOQle

One vote for

Theilhiy-e/gtfb rw ^-Gcwp HI*

books, enter and keep a true account of the names and additions of the feveral perfons who (hah from time to time become ownerfe and proprietors, or •entitled to airy (hare or ihares in the faid company, and of all the a&s, proceedings, and tiania&ions of the faid company, by Virtue, of and*

^under the authority of thjs a6 } and that every proprietor of the faid company Atallond may at all convenient and reafon--able times have recourse to faid book or books, ant liberty to peruie and infpe& the faid book mr books, mid alfo all other book or books to be kept by the fccretar^, or by any clerk or clerks of the faid company, and may •demand and have copies thereof, or airy part thereof, at their own private expence-

XIV.	And be it farther ctia&cd* "That every perfon or ___________

petfons who (hall become poflefled of one ftiave in the flock each (hare, of the faid company, and their fuccdTors, executors, ad-miniflrators and a Signs, (hall for every fuch (hare have one vote in the general and fpecial aflemblies to be held as herein appointed, provided that no proprietor fhall have more than twenty-’five votes, although he may have a greater number of (hares; which vote or votes may be given, either in p»-•Ton or by proxy, appointed by inftrument in writing, under •the hand and feal of fuch perfon or perfons, every fach proxy being a proprietor in the faid undertaking, which faid -proxy (hall be revocable at the will of the perfon or pec-•fons granting^fame, and every queftion,.matter or thing, which (hall be propofed, difeufled or considered, in any fpecial or general aflembly of the faid.company, (hall be determined by tlje faid majority of votes and proxies then prefer*, computing one vote to every fuch (hare, not exceeding twenty-five, as aforefaid, to be given by any one perfon, and that if there be an eqnaiity of votes, that the chairman of fuch aflembly (hall have a cafting voice, befldes his vote

' or votes as a member of faid company; provided neverthe-lefs, that no perfon fhafl adl as proxy for more than five abfent proprietors.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That _____________

no proprietor or proprietors, who (hall be in a near in the arrear not to payment of any fnm or futra of money now due, or which votc-

may become due or payable for, or by ttafon of any expenditures made by the (aid company, or by its order, or any tall or calls <o be made by virttfe of this prefsnt a&, upon the members of the faid company,’ fhall be entitled to vote, ridier in perfon or by proxy, at any meeting or aflembly to be held under the powers of this during the time that fuch fnm or Anns, or call or (falls, fhall be fo in arrear and * unpaid,

r	XVI.	Provided

Members in

Digitized by LiOOQle

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, Tbit from and after the palling of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any pcrfon or perfons, already pofleflcd of any (hare or (hares in the faid company, to hold any number of fuch (hares, not exceeding fifty whole (hares, any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for every proprietor of the faid joints (lock, to bequeath the fame, by lad will or tedament, or to fell and aflign the fame, in his, her, or their life-time; and that every alignment or transfer (hall be entered and made in a book for that purpofe, to be kept in fuch place as the faid company (hall appoint, and.to be called the transfer book; and that no aflignment (hall be deemed good until entry be made in fuch book as aforefaid.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no perfon (hall be qualified to vote at any aflembly of the faid company by virtue of any aflignment, unlefs the fame be aduaUy made and entered in the faid transfer-book for the full fpace of (ix calendar months previous to the time of his or her tendering fuch vote or votes.

XiX. And be it enaded, That if at any time the bid company (hall think (it to encreafe their faid capital (lock, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any aflembly of the bud company convened as herein before mentioned, from time to time as they may think fit and ncceflary, to require the feve-ral proprietors of the faid joint-dock to pay in fuch parts of their refpedive fubferiptions as the faid aflembly (hall think xiecefiaiy for the better or more extenfive carrying on the faid company’s works: Provided always. That no greater fum than twenty pounds J>er tent, on the value of the feve-ral original (hares (hall be required to be paid in any one year.

XX. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any of the in fol^sTfrcr*-proprietors of the faid joint-dock, their reprefentatives or time appointed. a^gns» dial] refufe or negled to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable part or (hare of the Anns or monies fo ,	called	for	at the office of the (aid company at Cronchanne

aforefaid, or at fuch other place as the faid company (hall appoint, for the fpace of fixty-one days after the time appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe, the peifou or perfons fo neglediog or cpfufing, (hall forfeit his, her, or their (hare or (hares, part, or intered ia the faid company, and all profits and benefits thereof, and all money advanced, and depofit'ea of payments made for, or on account of fuch (hares, and the fame (hall be forfeited to, and become the property of the faid corporation, and twenty-one days notice (hall be given in fuch manner as the faid

company

Proprietor* ■nay hold 50 fares.

Proprietor ■nay transfer tock.

A

Transfer to he entered.

Stock may be tncreafed.

Proportion*



Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirty+eigbtb Tear of George UI.	475

company (hall dired, in Come public newfpapcr in the city of A. IX Dublin, that the faid company will proceed to fell by pub- 1798. lick cant, on fuch days as (hall be fpecified in fuch notice. Chap 4a. the (hare or (hares of the perfon or perfons fo refilling or negleding to pay the fum or fums which they (hall have been required to pay, and unlefs fuch peifon or perfons (hall before the day fpecified in fuch notice, pay the refpedive fums fo required to the (aid company, or fuch perfons a* they (hall appoint for the purpofe, the faid company (hall fell by publick cant at the royal exchange in the city of Dublin, between the hours of one and two of the clock in the afternoon, the (hare or (hares of the perfon or perfons fo refufing to pay, and the money for which the fame (hall be fold, (hall be equally divided amongd the red of the proprietors in proportion to their refpedive (hares and intered in the faid company, and fuch proprietor or proprietors from thenceforth (hall be forever barred from fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits arifing therefrom, and of all intered in the fame, both in law and in equity, and fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits and advantages arifing therefrom, fnall from thenceforth be veded in the purchaser or purchafers thereof at fuch fale

XXI.	And be it further cna&ed, That if any perfon or Arrears may perfons upon whom any call or calls for money, (hall or may he fued far. hereafter be made under, or by virtue of this prefent ad of parliament, (hall or may negled or refufe to pay his, her,, or their rateable or proportionable (hare or (hares, or part or parts of a (hare or (hares of the money, and at the time “ and place appointed for payment thereof, of which notice hath been given in purfuance of this ad, in fome publick newfpaper in the city of Dublin, or by caufing the fame to be demanded personally at the lad or mod uliial place of xefidence of fuch perfon or perfons, or in fuch other manner as the faid company (hall at any general or fpecial meeting, dired or appoint, it (hall be lawful for the faid company to fue for and recover the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by adion of debt or otherwife.

XXII	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in Company cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall negled or refufe to pay may Pfo5c®?}t# his, her, or their rateable and proportionable (hare or (hares, &c I * or part or parts of a (hare or (hares of the faid monies fo to be called for as aforefaid. for the fpace of fixty-one days after the time, and at the place appointed for payment thereof, whereby he, (he, or they hath or have, or (hall according to this prefent ad, become liable to forfeit his, her, or their (hare or (hares, or part or parts of a (hare or (hares, and intered in the faid adbeiated Irifii mine company, and all the profits and benefits thereof, and all monies advanced

A. D.

*798-

Cmp.40.

Claim oF the JU Hob. D. I«atouche.

Perfon mtitled (hall eajo y

ashsreim

^ Accounts made up to %S March, dec.

Tie tbirty^btb Tear *f George III.

by him, fier or them, to or for the ufe or benefit of the other proprietors of the faid company, it fnali be in the election of the faid company to take advantage of the faid forfeiture, and proceed therein ao in this aft is mentioned, or to waive the fame, and proceed in maimer aforefaid for the recovery of fuch rateable or proportionable (hare or (bares of the money fo called, or to be called for ;xs aforefaid, any thing herein -before contained to the contrary notwith-landing.

XXIII.	And whereas previous to the faid company's commencing the working of the faid mines of Cronebane and Tigrony, the right honourable David Latouche, as re-prefentative or afiignee of John Wynne, deceafed, claimed to be, and now is entitled to the benefit of cme-feventh fham or part of faid mines, For the vefidue of a term of iixty-one years, granted and demifed by Thomas Bmyth, efquire, deceafed, to the faid John Wynne, and other*, by indenture of leafe, bearing date on or about the fifth day of {September, one thoufand feven hundred and fiffy-feven, fubjed •to a referved rent or duty of one-feventh part of all ores tQ be railed thereout.

XXIV.	And whereas it is reafonable and juft that th^ owner of the faid John Wynne’s faid (barf (hall be permitted to have and receive the profits arifing therefrom, he or they being liable to a proportionate part of the expenses of work-S ing the fame, and intcreft on all money advanced, or to be advanced on accoOnt of the expences of working the fame, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, 'Jlrat tbi faid right honourable David Latouche, or the perfon or perfons entitled at the time of pafliug this aft, to the faid fcventh (hare of the faid John Wynne, under the leafe iq made to him and xthers, by faid Thomas Smyth, over and above any profits, benefits, and advantages, \yliich he or they (hall or may have been entitled to theretofore, (hall have, hold, ehjoy and be entitled unto all profits, benefits, and advantages that have arifen fmcq the fonnation of faid Company, or may during the refidue of the faid term of fixty-one years, arife on tlie faid John Wynne’s faift (hare of, and in the faid mines, after dedufting a proportionate (hare of the money advanced, and to be advanced for or on account of the working thereof, together with the lawful intcreft for fuch expenditures*, notwithftanding any daufe, matter or thing in this aft contained.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, Tliat the books of accounts of the faid company, fhaU be balanced, fettled, and clofed up, to and for every twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, and a correft ftatement of all the ftock and concerns of the laid company (hall be made cut, and th^

d*ar

Digitized. ’ 30Qle

The thirty-eighth Year of George lit.

clear profits which (hall arife to die faid company, front their laid works or concerns, Or fo much thereof as the £iid company ihall or may think proper, (half from time to time, once in every year at the leak, he paid to and amongft the frafpedlivc proprietors of the faid joint {lock in proportion to their (hares and interefis therein.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, by the authority ■aforefaid,, That if the faid company (hall think fit at any time to barrow money for carrying on or extending faid Works, or mining concerns, it (hall be lawful for the (aid company at any annual meeting, or at aftjr fpecial meeting of the faid company to take up and borrow upon the credit of their faid capital (lock and concerns, and their eftate and intereft therein, any fum or fums not exceeding the amount in value of the fuma actually expended by the faid company, oil their faid mines and works, at any rate of intereft not exceeding legal intcrtfl, and to ftrike debentures for fuch Aims fo borrowed, in fuch manner as the faid company by their bye-laws (1a 11 appoint, which debentures (hall be an a&ual charge and lien, upon the faid company’s (lock, or fuch parts of their eftate as (hall be therein Ypecifed.

XXVII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the laid company (hall and may purchafe, have, take and enjoy to them and tbeir fucceffors, any manors, lands, tenements, annuities, or hereditaments, in pofleflion, re-verfion, or contingency, not exceeding in value the yearly fum of one thoiifand pounds ftcrling, in the whole, of any perfon or perfons having anight, and not being otherwise difabled* to alien Q£j£rant the fame, who are hereby enabled to transfer aiUfapaaft the fame without licenfe or mortinain; and that ft. (h||WRjUiay be lawful to and for the faid company, or. the^Pyb$y of them prefent, at any corporate aflembly, from tipr to time, by indenture under thtir com-fnton feal, to deti^ftr or leafe any lands, tenements of hereditaments* vefteCnthem, in purfuancc of this ad, or any part or parcel thjfbf, for any term or number of year?. In cities or towns corporate, for building, not exceeding the term of ninety-nine years, and in any other place not exceeding the term of three lives, or for any number of yean not excetdingJthirty-one years, fo as upon every fuch demife or leafe, there be referved and made payable half* \ early to the laid company, during^ the continuance of fuels leafe, and leafes refpedivelyv a* much rent as can at the making of fuch icaie and leafes refpe&ively, be really and hna jidc> gotten for the fame, from a foivent tenant, and fo as no fine ox other confideration be taken for the lame, and that every fuch demife or leafe be made in potfefiion and not in reverfion.

XXVIII.	And

Company brrrow money on debentures.

Oanmny pvrtbiM lands, &c to the amount of 1000L a year.

Leafes other-wife made flull

to void.

8uhfcuber» ■fit. liable to be bankrupts, $tc.

Service of

Uptra oil fcrrrtary.

After ift Jan. iSoo, company maybc<liflolvt<], as herein.

Apublickaft.

The thirty-eighth Ycsr'of George III.

XXVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all kales made of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in any other manner, or for any other terms, fha0 be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XXIX.	And be it enaded, That no perfon being* or becoming a member or fubfenber of or to the (aid company, (hall thereby or in refped of his intereft in the capital flock of faid company, be liable to be a bankrupt, within the meaning of any law concerning bankrupts, nor (hall the capital dock of laid company, or the intereft of any particular member therein, be liable to any foreign attachments, faring always, and referring to the king’s moft excellent Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, all fuch rights and preemption of ore, and all other rights, duties and demandj whatfocrer, in, unto, or out of any mines, minerals and ore, or any of them, as his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-Tors, might or would have been entitled unto, in cafe this ad had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Service of the fecretary to be at any time appointed by the faid company, or their liicccflbre as aforefaid, or any of them, with any-fubpoena, order, decree, or procefs of any court of law or equity, (hall be good ferrice of the faid company or their fuccefTors, fo as fuch fervice be made fourteen days at the leaft before the return of fuch fabpeena, order, decree, or procefs.

XXXI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That at any time after the firft day of January, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred, upon the (aid company’s giving twelve months notice to be pubKfhed is the Dublin Gazette, and fignifying their intention by their petition in writing, fealed with their common feal, and ad-drefled to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, or chief governors of this kingdom for thttizne being, and of their wifh to be diflolved, that then, and in fuch cafe the (aid corporation, (Hall, from and after the expiration of twelve months after fuch notice publifhed, ceafc and be absolutely diflolved.

XXXII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall be deemed, and taken to be a pubHck ad, and that if any fuit (hall be commenced or profccuted again ft any perfon or perfont for any thing which (hall be done in pursuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfoos maj plead the general ifluc, and give the fpecial matter in evidence.

CHAf.



-oogle

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III. . . . C H A P. X1A.

47*

A. D. 1798-

An An for granting certain Tolls, Rates] and Duties,' to he taken at the Turnpikes, on the Roads leading over Bally-hough and Annefley Bridges, in Aid of the Barony Preferments , and in Lieu of the Tolls formerly payable at fuch Turnpikes, and for amending the Laws for makings widening^ and repairing the faid Roads, and for making perpetual the feveral Adis of Parliament relating thereto.

WHEREAS the tolls, rates, and duties, payable by feveral a&s of parliament, for making, widening, and repairing the road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other roads leading to Dublin, over Hally bough-bridge, arc not fufficient, after paying the fums required by law to be applied towards the difeharge of the money borrowed in purfuance of the faid ads, and the ijitered thereof, to make the faid roads, and keep the fame in proper repair: be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by^and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the Tolls (hall puffing of this ad, the following tolls, rates and duties (hall be paid, as be paid at any- gate, bar, or toll-houfe ereded, or which herein.

(hall be ereded on the faid roads, before any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, chair,, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or any horfe, mare, gelding, or other bead herein after mentioned, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame ; that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn by fix horfes or beads of burthen, or more, the film of two (hillings and two pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife or chair, drawn by a lefs number than fix beads of burthen, and more than two, the fum of one (hilling and one penny; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, gig, chaife or chair, drawn ty two horfes, the fum of eight pence 5 for every gig, chaife or chair with four wheels, drawn by one horfe or bfcad, the fum of five pence ; for every gig, chaife or chair, with two wheels, drawn by one horfe or bead, the fum of four pence; for every jaunting car, the fum of threepence; for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage of burthen, with four wheels, drawn by fix, or lefs than four horfes or beads of burthen, and whole wheels (hall not be of the breadth of fix inches at the lead on the foie when worn, or the dreaks mot fet on with dat-hcadcd bolts or nails, counterfunk in

fuch

4#o	Thrtfotyrcigiii	Yean	of	George	IIL*

D- fuch a manner as not to rife above the ftreaks, the fum of 1798.	two (hillings and two pence; for every fuch waggon, wain.

Chap. 41.	cart or carriage, wh*fe wheels (hall be of the breadth of fix

inches on the laic when worn, and1 the (freaks fet on as afore* faid, the fum of one (hilling and four pence; for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage of burthen, with four wheels, drawn By *lefs number than fix, and more than two hoi;fes or bcaffc- of Burthen, wbofc wheels (hall not be of the breadth of fix inches at the Tcall on the foie when worn, or the ftreaks not fet on aforefaid, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence; for every fuch waggon, wain, cart or carriage, whofc wheels (hall be of the breadth of fix inches on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on in manner aforefaid, the fum of one (hilling and one pentiy ; for every wain, cart, brewer’s dray, or carriage of burthen, with, two whetls, drawn b^two botfes or bcafta of burthen, whofe wheels (hall not be ot vhe breadth of four inches at the leaft on the foie when wpm, <v the ftreaks not fet on as aforfefkid, the fum of fix pence halfpenny ; for every fuch wain, cart, b'-ewer’s dray, or carriage of burthen, whofe wheels (hall be of the breadth of four inches on the foie, when worn, and the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, the fum of four pence; for every cart or brewer’s dray with two wheels, drawn by one horfe or bead' of burthen, and whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of four inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, or the ftreaks not fet on as aforefaid, the fum of five pence 5 for evety fuch cart or brewer’s dray, drawn by one horfe or beaft ot burthen, whofe wheels (hall be of the breadth, of four inches on the foie when worn, and* the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, the fum of three pence; for every car, or carriage of burthen, with two wheels, drawn by*one horfe or beaft of burthen, not herein before deferibed, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of three inches on tbe foie when ,	worn,	or the ftreaks not fet on fcs aforefaid, the fom erf two

pence halfpenny; for every fuch car orcarrirge of burthen, whofe wheels (hall be of the breadth of three inches on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, the fum of two pence; for every horfe, mare, muk or afs loadcn or unloaden, and not drawing, the fam of one penny halfpenny 5 for every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the fum of ten pence pet fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep or lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and fo ia proportion for any greater or lefs number 5 and* a further toll or duty for every carriage drawing bricks, after the rate of eight pence for every thoufaud of bricks carried thereon ; that is to fay, for every carriage drawing any number of bricks, not exceeding the number of one hundred and twenty-five, one

penny,

*

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

penny, and for every carriage drawing a greater number of pricks, the fum of two-pence; and a further toll or duty for every carriage drawing any kind of ftones, after the rate of one penny halfpenny tor every ton weight of ftones, that is to fay, for every carriage drawing any quantity of ftones not exceeding the weight of feven hundred and an half, the fum of one halfpenny, and for every carriage drawing a greater weight of ftones, the fum of one penny.

TI. And be it enacted, That for each and every car or other carriage on which fhall be placed any beam, or piece every car, &c. of timber, plank, or board of the length of twelve feet or upwards, two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, (hall be paid before fuch car or carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through any pay-gate, or bar, on any of the faid roads, un-lefs fuch beam, timber, plank, or board, (hall be placed on a carriage with four wheels, or on two cars joined together, and laid thereon lengthways, in which cafe only the toll or duty payable by this ad, for any fuch car or carriage, if not loaden with fuch timber, (hall be demanded.

III.	Provided always, That the owner or driver of any For waggons, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with four wheels, the Sec. with ^ ~ breadth thereof not being lefs than fix inches at the foie or T^eds, at hero-bottom thereof, and the ftreaks fet on with flat-headed

nails, and the fore axle thereof, being fo much longer or (horter than the hind axle, that the wheels of fuch carriage fhall roll at lead ten inches of the road in breadth on each fide of fuch carriage, and the wheels being placed at fuch a diftance from each other, that the fpacc between the middle of the one track made by the wheels of fuch carriage on the road, and the middle of the other track (hall not exceed fix feet, (hall not be obliged to pay more than three pence toll for any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, at any turnpike gate on the (aid road for palling through the fame.

IV.	And be it enaded, That the feveral tolls, rates, and > Tolls hereby

duties hereby granted, (hall be taken in lieu of the tolls,	b*	^or-"

rates, and duties granted by any former ads for making mcra&s.

and repairing the faid roads, and the fame (hall be taken, levied, and recovered, in the. fame manner, and with the like powers and authorities, and under the fame penalties as any of the tolls, rates, and duties grauted by the faid former ads, or any of them, might be taken, levied, and recovered*, and the fame (hall be applied in the fame maimer as the tolls, rates, and duties, by the faid former ads granted, are direded to be applied.

V.	And be it enaded, That all penalties not exceeding Penalties not twenty (hillings, inflided by any of the faid ads, for any

offences again ft the fame, may be levied by warrant, under m,y eVi< Vol. XI.	H	h	the

as. 8dh. for

Digitized by

4*i

A. I>. 1798. Chap. 41.

As herein

Swine, 5re., found wandering, may be impounded.

Tmflee* to efe& dire&«r* for each line.

7 truftees to

conftiiutc a meeting.

7 tr may . r a meeting.

The thirty-eighth Teat of George III.

Ac hand and feal of any jtfftice of the peace, or by any trullce of the faid road3, proof of fuch offence having been made by the oath of one or more credible witnefe or wit-nefles, or by the confeffion of the party, or on the view of fuch juftice or truflee, by diflrefa and fale of the goods of the offender, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

VI.	And be it eftaded, That no car or other carriage, (hall be exempted from any of the tolls, rates, or duties hereby granted in refped of fuch car or other carriage being employed In drawing dung or other manure, any thing in any former ad to the Contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or any perfon by him authorized there* to, or for any infpedor or furveyor of any of the faid roads, to feize and impound any fwine or bead which fhall be found wandering upon any of the hid roads, and in cafe the fum of five fhniiogs fqfeach and every fwine or beaft fo feized, and the expences of impounding and detaining the fame, (hall not be paid within four days after impounding the fame,

. to eaufe fuch fwine or beaft to be fold, and out of the money arifing from the fale thereof, to pay fuch penalty, and the expences of impounding, keeping, and felling the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, notice of fuch fale, in w^ich (hall be inferted the name of the parifti and town-land where fuch fwine or beaft was feized, being firft pofted up io fonie confpicnous place in the parifti where feized, and at the place where impounded, forty-eight hours at the leaft before the time of fale.

VIII.	And be it cnadei}, That the trttftees for the Cud roads, (ball as foon after the palling of this ad as conveniently may be, meet, and at fuch meeting fhall eled by ballot from among the faid truftees three perfons for each Jine, branch, or divifion, of the feveral roads comprized in the faid ads, to be directors for fuperintending and managing the feveral lines, branches, and divifions of the laid roads, for which they fhall be refpedively cleded dfredora, and for t ran fading all bufinefs relative to the fame.

IX.	And be it enaded, That IWen truftees ftiall better cefiary to conftitute a meeting of the faid truftees, and that the ad of the majority of feven, (hall be the ad of and binding upon the faid truftees

X.	And be it enaded. That it fhall be lawful for any feven of tbe faid truftees, by a reqnifition in writing, under their hands, at any time, to dired their ckrk to call a meeting of the faid truftees, fpecifying in the notice thereof, die eaufe of aftcmhling the truftees, and the notice thereof fhall

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III-	4^3

be pofted on the fevcral grates on the laid road, feven days A. D. previous to the time appo nted for fuch meeting.	1798.

XI.	And be it enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the Chap- 41. faid truftces, at any meeting to be held by them,, purfuant	-•>

to this act, to call on the faid directors, to give an account Truftees may of their conduit and proceedings ; and that it (hall be law- ^count^0” l° ful to and for fuch truftees at fuch meeting, to remove any fuch director from his office as a direftor, if it fhall appear that he (hall have afted improperly as a direftor, and that th*n the faid truftees fhall forthwith proceed to eleft another director or directors in the dead or room of fuch dire dor or directors fo removed, and alfo to deft a director, upon any vacancy by death or relignation.

X1J. And be it enafted, That every d ire A or who fhall Oath to be be elected, purfuant to this all, 'fhall before he fhall aft as a^hxunifteied. fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following, before one of the ttuftees before mentioned, who is hereby empowered to adminiiler the fame.

. I A. B. dofwear, that I wifi weV and truly difcharge the duty of a director of that branch or line of the road leading to Dublin, over Ballylvugh and Annejley bridges, of •which I am defied a direfior9 according to the hcjl of my Jhill9 without favour or malice ; and that I will account faithfully with the trujlees of the faid road, for all money received by me as a eft-rtfior.

XIII.	And be it cnafted, That the fupervifors of the re-fpeftive lines, or branches of the faid roads, fhall as often pervifors. as required by the faid diieftors of fuch lines or branches, or any of them, attend on the faid roads refpeftivcly, and fhall fee that all orders and works, direfted and ordered by the faid direftors, be properly executed and performed, and fhall make returns and reports when required from time to time, to the faid direftors, of the ftate, nature, and cir-cumftances of the faid roads, and fhall remove all nuifances, encroachments, and obftruftions, on the faid roads, and fhall fuperintend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the faid roads, and pay them their wages, but fubjeft to the orders of the faid direftors, and each fuper-vifor fhall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and fhall attend all meetings of the faid direftors and truftees, if fo required ; and if any fupervifor fhall rc-fufe or negleft to perform his office of fupervifor as required by this aft, and fhall be thereof convicted upon the oath of any two or more credible witnefTcs, before any juftice of the peace, every fuch fupervifor fhall forfeit the fumf of five H h 2 .	pounds

Direilors QiaH have full

Dire&ors to lay their accounts before tru flees quaf-

The thirty-eighth Tear ef George III.

pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch fupervifor’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) to fuch fupervifor.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid directors (hall power* to carry ^ave* ^ P°wcr to carf7 the feveral acts into execution, former a£t into fo far as the conducting of the making, draining, and re-cxecuiion. pairing of the faid roads, and the expenditures for the fame,

and that the confcut or direction of the faid truftees (hall not be neceffary to authorize, nor (hall reflrain or prohibit the faid directors to do every act towards carrying the (aid acts into execution, fo far as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it enacted, That the faid directors (hall four times in every year, that is to fay, on fome day to be appointed in every month of February, May, Auguft, and November, lay before the faid truftees an account of all their proceedings, and of all monies expended by them in making, widening, and repairing their refpective lines or divifions of the faid road, the truth of which expenditure (hall be verified on oath, by the affidavit of the faid directors, which oath any of the faid truftees is hereby authorized to adminifter, and the faid truftees being fatisfied of the truth of the faid expenditure, (hall order the money fo expended, to be paid to the directors who (hall have expended the fame.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That the money anting by the of money arifing tolls an(j duties, after referving fufficient to difehatge

ora 1 *’ any part of the debt of the faid truftees, or the intcrcft thereof, and all falaries and general expences, be divided and appropriated to the making, widening, and repairing the feveral lines and branches of the faid road, in the fame proportions that the fame have been heretofore divided and appropriated.

XVII.	And be it ena&cd. That the feveral a&s of parliament heretofore paffed relative to the making, widening, and repairing of the faid roads, or any of them, and all powers therein, except fo far as the fame, or any of them, are hereby altered or amended, (hall continue and remain in force for ever.

XVIII.	And whereas great inconvenience hasarifen from perfons driving carts, cars, drays, and other carriages, on the faid roads, in a diforderly manner, and the difficulties in difeovering the owners thereof, fo as to be able to bring him or them to punifhment, have been great: Be it enabled, That every perfon refiding, or holding any land in the neighbourhood of any of the faid roads, who (hall keep any cart, car, or other carriage, for drawing burthens, and all

perfons

Application

Ai herein fpccificd.

Perfons who keep cars, Ac. (hall have their names, See. pain tod thereon

Digitized by

Goo<

The thirty-eighth Year 0/ George III.

perfons keeping any cart, car, or other fuch carriage, li-cenfed by the fuperintendant-magiftrate in Dublin, and numbered and plying on any of the faid roads, (hall caufe to be painted oc the outfide of the left (haft of every fuch cart, car, or other carriage, in white Roman letters one inch long at the lead, on a black ground, his or her name and furname, and the name of his or her place of refi-dence ; and that from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, every cart, car, or other carriage, of any fuch perfon as aforefaid, on the outfide of the left (haft of which the name and furname, and place of abode of the owner thereof, (hall not have been fo painted as aforefaid, or (hall not be publickly vifible and legible, every fuch cart, car, or other carriage, for drawing burthens, (hall be charged on paffing any pay-gate on any of the faid roads, double the toll or duty herein before granted in refpeft thereof; and the fame (hall be levied and colletted in the fame manner, and with the fame powers and authorities as the toll or duty herein before granted.

XIX.	And be. it enabled, That this a6t (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpccially pleading the fame.

A puhlick aft.

CHAP. XLIV.

jfn Ai7 to amend the Laws for promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufadures,

TX7HEREAS the machinery of mills is ufeful in va- preamble./

▼ ▼ rious branches of the linen manufa&ure, particularly in refpedl to the bleachingof linen, and the expence of fuel to keep (team engines at work in thofe parts of the kingdom where a conftant fupply of water for a waterwheel, cannot be obtained, has hitherto difeouraged the crc&ing of them: and whereas a mode of conftrudling Modeofcon-them, has been lately invented by Robert Delap of Ban- ftrufting (team bridge, in the county of Down, whereby the fuel nece(Tari- < ngine», invent-ly ufed in boiling the cloth, may be made at the fame time, ^ Robcrt to afford (learn fufficient for working fuch engines, be it c ♦ * ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees to tppty fuch parts of their funds as

/

Digitized

^ Google

486

A. D.

1798.

Such fums not to exceed flocol.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

they (hall think proper, in erg^ling one, two, or three fleam engine,, a. ! mill-work annexed to them, for bleaching, purfuant ti i :r.,*de, in fuch different parfs of thrs I king as they Ihaibjudgc moil convenient for making I full experiment of the practicability and utility thereof, awd I exhibiting the fame to the trade, not exceeding for airy one fleam engine and mill-work, the fum of three hundred aod fifty pounds, upon fuch conditions as (hall appear to them expedient, and alfo to apply fuch further part of their foods, as may he ncceff-ry to encourage individuals to eredt fuch. fleam engines at their own expence, by way c£ premium, at a rate not exceeding twenty per cent, on the money that Thall be expended by them therein, and alfo in rewarding the faid Robert Delap for his invention cf the (aid mode, and laying the fame open for the public benefit, by a per centa«e to him, not exceedirg^thc like rate, on all money which (ball be fu expended by individuals, within a time to be limited by the faid truflees, any law to the contrary nut-wit h (lauding.

II.	Provided always, That the fura fo to be paid in premiums to individuals, and in rewarding the faid Robert Delap, (hall not exceed in the whole the fum of two thou-fand pounds. .

CHAP. XLV.

An Ad to regulate the Colled ion of the Duties on Male Servants, and to fecure the Payment thereof, and for the better Collodion of the Duties on Fire-Hearths, anj on Coaches and other Carriages.

Preamble.

Duty not to extend to fer-vants employed in hufbandry, &c.

FOR regulating the collc&ion of the duties payable to his Majefly on male fervants, and feemiog the due payment thereof; and for the better colle&ion of the duties on fire-hearths, and on coaches and other carnage*: be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and te»:>-poraJ, and commons in this prefent parliament affer^bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the duties payable to his Majefty on male fervants (halite collected and paid as foon after the twenty-fourth day of June, in every year, as the fame (hall be demanded.

II.	And be it enadled, That the faid duties on male fervants, (hall not extend to any fervants who (hall be really retained or employed for the purpofes of huTbandry or

manufacture.



Digitized by

Google

The thirty eighth Tear of George III.

manufacture, or of any trade or calling, by which the maflcr or miftrtfs of fuch fervant {hall earn a livelihood or profit.

III.	Provided, and be it enacted, That the duty payable for every coachman, groom, or poftillion, let out to	Duty for job

hire by way of job, fhall be paid by the mafter, or miftrefs,

in whofe fervice fuch coaphmari, groom, or poftillion (hall in who efervice

be employed refpectivcly ; and the duty payable for any employed, &c.

gardener, retained or employed by any perfon who ftiall

contract for the keeping qf any garden, fhall be paid by

the perfon for whofe ufe and in vyhofe garden fuch gardener

fhall be employed.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted. That nothing in this act contained, ftiall extend to exempt any perfon from the payment of any duty impgfed in refpect of any fervant retained-or employed in any capacity, in refpect of which duty is payable for fuch fervant,

V.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That the duties Nr't to extend payable for male fervants, ftiall not be charged in refpect of 7*ntJr°*' &ny butler, cook, gardener, or porter of the univerftty, or tharitaWe°iiilU-to the fervants of the lord lieutenant, or oth^rKrhicf gover*. wtlonK

nor of this kingdom for the time being; Provided alto,

Tiiat nothing herein contained fhall extend to charge with any*of the duties on male fervants, any fervants of and employed by the governors of the Royal Hofpital near Kii-inainham, of by the governors of the Blue-Coat-Hofpital, or Lying-in-Hofpital, or any hofpital or charitable inflitu-ti°n

VI.	And beit enacted, That the faid duty ftiall not be otf ;ersof cm chared on any officei ferving in any regiment of horfe or valry, under the dragoons, under the rank or not receiving the pay of a rank oi field of-field officer, provided he retains no more than one feivant; ^€ri' j0* 40 por any officer ferving in any regimen^ of artillery, infan- *

try, or marines, or corps of engineers, for any fervant, wlio Is actually a foldrer in the regiment or company to which fuch officer fhall belong, or any officer in his Mujefty’s navy, under the rank of a mafter and commarider in actual employment, for any fervant who is borne upon the books gf the (hip to which fuch officer fhall belong.

VII.	And be it enacted, That in all cafes where any oF- v As hereby ficer on half pay, ftojn his Majefty’s navy, army, or marines, who hath been difabled by a wound received in his Majefty’s fervice, fhall bg charged for the duty on male fervants, for one male fervant only, it ftiall and may be lawful for the chief commiffioners of his. Majcfty’s revenue of

cxcife, on an appeal made to thenx by fuch officer, and proof on oath made, that he is an officer on half-pay, and qifablcd as aforefaid, to the ffitisfaction of the faid commif-

fiouers,

418

The thirty-eighth Vear of George III.

Lift® to be ' delivered within jo days after notice.

(loners, to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge again ft fuch officer.

VIII.	And for the better collecting of the duties oa male fervants, be it enacted. That every perfon who from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand fe-ven hundred and ninety-eight, hath retained or employed any male fervant or fervants, in refpect of whom fni per* fon is charged with duty payable to his Majefty, his hein and fucceflors, (hall upon demand, within ten days after notice, ferved by the hearth-money eolleAor of the parifh, in which he or (he refidcs, deliver to fuch eolleAor of hearth-money, a true lift or account in writing under his or her hand, of every male fervant employed by him or her in this kingdom, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, fuch lift to deferibe the name and furname of every fuch fervant, and the capacity in which every fuch fervant is employed, and the name of the refidence or place of abode of fuch perfon at the time of giving fuch lift, and of the parifh, barony, and county in which the fame is, and where every fuch fervant is retained or employed ; and every perfon who (hall retain or employ any male fervant or fervants, in refpeA of whom he or (he (hall be fubjeA to duty, (hall, yearly oo demand, or within ten days after notice ferved, by the hearth-money eolleAor of the parifh in which he or (tie re-fides, after every fubfequent twenty-fifth day of March, deliver to fuch eolleAor of hearth-money, a like lift or account of every male fervant then retained or employed by him or her, and from time to time, as often as any perfon (hall retain, or employ any greater number of male fervants than the fervant or fervants described, in any fuch lift, thv*n fuch perfon (hall, within fourteen days after he or (he (hall retain or employ any additional male fervant or fervants, in like manner deliver, or caufc to be delivered to the eolleAor of hearth-money, or in his abfence to the collector of the revenue in the diftriA wheie fuch perfon (hall refide, a like lift or account of the additional male fervant or fervants, who (hall have been fo retained or employed ; and if any perfon retaining or employing any male fervant or fervants, (hall negleA to deliver fuch lift, as aforefaid, at any time when he or fhe*fs by this aA required to deliver the fame, or (hall keep, retain, or employ at any time a greater number of fervants in any capacity, in refpeA of which a duty is or (hall be payable, than the number exprefled in fuch lifts, every fuch perfon fo negleAing to deliver fuch lifts, (hall forfeit the fura of ten pounds; and every perfon retaining or employing a greater number of fervants, than the number exprefled in any lift which (hall have been delivered,

(hail



The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.	489

(hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, A. D. and /hall be chargeable with, and double the duty in refpeA 1798. of the fervant or fervants kept or employed by him o» her, Chap. 45. of whom no fuch lift or account (hall have been delivered, as	t

aforefaid.

IX.	And for the better collecting of the duties on fire- Lifts of hearths: be it cnaded, that every owner, or occupier of any -dwclling-houfe, and out-houfe, or edifice appertaining coUeaors. thereto, in which there (hall be two or more fire-hearths, or places ufed for firing or ftoves, (hall, upon demand, or within ten days after notice ferved by the hearth-money collector of the parifh, in which he or (he refides, deliver to fuch collector of hearth-money, a true lift or account in writing, under his or her hand of every fire-hearth, or place ufed for firing and (love in every dwelling-houfe, and out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, or ufed by him or her for any purpofe, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, fuch lift to deferibe the name and furriame of fuch owner or occupier, the name of his or her refidence, or place of abode, and of the place, parifh, barony, and county, in which the houfe, and out-houfes thereunto belonging/ chargeable with duty is fituate, and the defeription of the places in fuch houfe, and out-houfe, and edifice, in which every fuch fire-hearth, or place ufed for firing or ftove is, and every perfon who (hall be owner or occupier of any fuch houfe, and out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, (hail yearly on demand, or within ten days after notice ferved by the collector of hearth-money, of the parifti in which he or (he refides, after every fubfequent twenty-fifth day of March# -deliver to fuch collector of hearth-money a like lift, or account of every fire-hearth, or place ufed for firing and ftove in fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, and then ufed by him or her for any purpofe, and from time to time, as often as any greater number of fire-hearths, or places for firing or (loves, (hall be made or opened in any fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice, than the number of fire-hearths, or places for firing, or (loves, in any lift which fhall have been fo delivered by fuch perfon, then fuch perfon (hall within fourteen days after fuch additional fire-hearth, or place for firing, or (love, (hall be made or opened, in like manner deliver to the collector of hearth-money, or in his abfence to the collector, of the revenue in the diftrict where fuch a perfon (hall refide, a like lift, or account of the additional fire-hearths, or fire-hearth, or other place or places ufed for firing or ftove or (loves, and if any perfon owning or occupying any fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice thereunto appertaining, (hall neglect to deliver fuch lift as

aforefaid,

Digitized by

>^le

Perfom who

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

aforefaid, at any time, when he or Hie is by this act required to deliver the fame, or if at any time a greater number of hearths, firing-places, or (loves, (hall be in any fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice, than the number exprtffed m fuch lift, or of which no fuch lift or account as aforefaid fhall have been given, every fuch perfon fo neglecting to deliver fuch lift, (hall forfeit the fuin of ten pounds; and every perfon in whofe houfe, or any out-houfe, or houfes, or edifices thereunto appertaining, a greater number of fire-hearths, or places ufed for firing, or (loves (hall be fouud, than the number expreffed in any lift thereof, which (haD have been delivered, or in whofe houfe, or any out-boufe or houfes, or edifice thereto appertaining, $ny fire-hearth, or place for firing or dove* not expreffed in fuch lift, (hall be found, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and (hall be chargeable with, and pay double the duty, which he or (he ought to be charged with, in re-fpect of the actual number of fire-hearths, or places ufed for firing and (loves in fiich houfe, out-houfe, qi out-houfes^ or edifice thereto appertaining.

_	___ X. And for the better collecting of the duties on coaches*

had coaches &r. chariots, berlins, calafhes, and chaifes ; be it enabled, That &c. IhaJl deliver every perfon, who, from and after the twenty-fifth day of

wSin^afhtrc ^arc^> one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, had writing a* tre- ^ jCCptj any coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or’ chaifc with

' four wheels, or chaife with two wheels, chargeable witfi duty to bis Majefty, his heirs and fufcceffors, fhall, upon demand, or within ten days, after notice ferved by the colleger of hearth-money, of tl\e parilh in which he or (he (haft refide, deliver to fuch collector of hearth-money, a true lift, or account in writing, under his or her hand, of every fuch carriage with four wheels, and carriage with two wheels, which he or (he had or kept after the laid twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, fuch lift to deferibe the name, and furname of fuch perfon, the name of his or her refidence, or place of abode, and of the parifli, barony, and county, in which the fame is, and thd kind of carriage, and every perfon who (hall have or keep any fuch coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife with two wheels, (hall yearly on demand, or within ten days, after notice fervtd by the collector of hearth-money of the parifii, in which he or (he re-•	Tides, after the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, or

within fourteen days after he or (he (hall keep, or have ary fuch carriages as aforefaid, in his or her poffeffion, deliver to. fach collector of hearth-money, a like lift or account of every coach, chariot, berlin, call'd^ or chaife with four vheek, and chaifc with two wheels, which fuch perfon (hall

keep

Digitized by

C ■ Dgle

The ^Arty-eighth Tear of George III.

keep or have 5 and if any perfon keeping or having any fuch coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife with four wheels, or chaife with two wheels, in his or her pofleffion, (hall negleft to deliver fuch lift, or account as aforefaid, at any time when he or file is by this aft required to deliver the fame, or fhali keep, or have a greater number of fuch carriages, as aforefaid, than the number exprefTed in any fuch lift or account, every perfon fo neglcfting to deliver fuch lilt, fhali forfeit the film of ten pounds; and every perfon having or keeping a greater number of fuch carriages, than the number exprefTed in any lift or account which (hall have been fo delivered, fhali, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twe'nty pounds, and fhali be chargeable with, and pay double the duty of the carriage or carnages kept by him or her, of which no fuch lift or account fhali have been delivered, as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it enafted, That in all cafes where any per-fen (hall under the provifions of this aft, be chargeable with double duty, the officer or officers by whofe means fuch perfon fhali become fo chargeable, fhali be entitled to a moiety of the added penal duty.

XII.	And he it en^fted. That every colleftor of hearth-' money to whom any fuch lift, as aforefaid, fhali be given,

(hall within ten days after the receipt of fuch lift, tranfinit the fame to the examinator of hearth-money in Dublin, who fhali keep fuch lifts, and enter and regifter the fame alphabetically in books to be kept by him for frhat purpofe.

XIII.	And be it enafted, That the perfon to whom any fuch lift fh ill be delivered, fhali on demand, without fee or reward, give? certificate under his hand to every perfon who

have delivered any fuch lift, that fuch a lift hath been delivered; and {hall in fuch certificates refpeftively, exprefs the name or names of the fcrvfizit or fervanta, named in fuch lift, the capacities in which they fhali be deferibed therein to be employed, and the hearths or firing places, and number of carriages; and fuch certificates fhali be evidence that fuch lift \\i» delivered to the pci fun figning fuch certificate; and if any perfon required to give fuch certificate, (hall demand or receive any fee or reward for granting the fame, he fhali be incapable of holding any office or employment under the crown.

XIV.	Provided always. That in cafe any mafter or mif-- trefs retaining, or employing any fuch male fervant or fer-

-vants, as aforefaid, or perfon having or owning any houfe, fubjeft to duty on fite hearths, or keeping any fuch car-niajrcs as aforefaid, fhali be abfent from this kingdom, thea a lift of the male fervant or fervants retained or employed by fuch perfon, and a lift of the fire-hearths in zny houfe bo-

longing

491

A. D. 1793-

Chap.

r moiety of penal duty to officer*.

CoIJe&ors to tranfmit lifts at herein.

Pcrfons to receive ceitifi-cates.

Lifts may be given as herein ipecified.

Each lift to contain the number employed in thii kingdom. n

Lodgers who keep fervant*

H all give in lifts of fuch, penalty lOi4

T)uty on fer-r*- to he col* ted a* herein.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

longing to him or her, and of fuch carriages, as aforefaid, kept by him or her, made out,and fubferibed by the agent, fteward, houfe-keeper, or principal fervant of the perfon fo abfent, and delivered, as aforefaid, (hall be of the fame effe& as if fuch lifts were made out, fubferibed, and delivered by fuch mafter, or miftrefs, or by the perfon owning and occupying fuch houfe, or keeping any fuch carriage or carriages.

XV.	And be it ena&ed. That every perfon who (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered any fuch lift, as aforefaid, who fhall retain or employ any male fervant or fervants, ia more than one place within this kingdom, (hall in fuch lift fet forth the whole number of fervants retained by fuch perfon, within this kingdom, in order that he or (he may be charged with the rate chargeable on the greateft number retained in the whole, and diftinguifh the places, with the parifti and barony in which each fuch fervant is retained or employed ; and luch perfon* (hall at the time when he or (he (hall give in the faid lift, make a declaration figned by him, or her, of the pari(h in which he or (he (hall mean to pay for fuch fervants, and fuch lift having been fo given in, and on proof of payment of the duty in refpeft of fuch fervants, in fuch parifti, by produ&ion of the receipt figned by the collector to whom the payment (hall have been made, or by other reafonable proof thereof, to the fatisfo&ion of the chief commiflioners of excife, fuch perfon (hall be freed from the payment of the faid duty in any other parifti,

XVI.	And whereas difficulties may fometimes arife in difeovering lodgers or inmates in houfes, liable to pay the duties in refpeft of male fervants; be it therefore enaded. That the inhabitant houfe-holder of every houfe, in which there fliall be any lodger or inmate, keeping any fervant or fervants liable to the faid duties, (hall deliver to fuch cob le&or of hearth-money, as aforefaid, a true lift and account in writing, expreffing the name and fumame of every fuch lodger or inmate, and of every fuch fervant or fervants, to the beft r.f the knowledge or information of fuch inhabitant houfeholder ; and if any inhabitant householder (hall not deliver any fuch lift, as laft herein before mentioned, or (haft wilfully omit or mifreprefent any defeription which ought to be contained therein, he or (he fo offending, (hall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds.

XVII.	And be it enabled, That the faid duties on male fervants fliall be levied, colle&ed, and received, by the per-fons authorized, for the time being, to colle& his Majefty’s revenue on fire-hearths, in the fame manner as the faid revenue on fire-hearths is, or (hall be levied, cotle&ed and paid, and fuch collc&ors of the (aid revrnuc on fire-haarths,

arc

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

arc hereby authorized and empowered to levy, colleft, and receive the faid duties, in refpeft of male fervants accordingly ; and fuch colic&ors (hall fign and give acquittances without fee or reward, on receipt of fuch duties, and (hall keep duplicates thereof in a book, to be kept for that pur-pofe, in the fame manner as acquittances and duplicates for the duty on fire-hearths are given and kept, and (hall return the book containing fuch duplicates to fuch perfon at the fame time, and to be diipofed of in the fame manner as books containing duplicates of acquittances for the duty on fire-hearths are returned.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That every perfon retaining or employing any male fervant or ferVants, in refpeft of Tant*t0 whom he or (he (hall be chargeable with duty, (hall on de* on demand, mand of any collector of the duty on fire-hearths pay to

fuch colled or, all duty then due and in arrear, and in cafe of refufal or default of payment thereof, after fuch demand, fuch collector may at any time in the day-time, with the afliftance of a magi fir ate, juftice of the peace, or other peace officer, and in all places where there are no fuch officers, or where fuch officers (hall refufe to attend and affift, then without any fuch afliftance, make entry into the houfe or other place of the perfon owing fuch duty, and levy the fame, and all arrears thereof, either by diftrefs and fale of any goods of the perfon chargeable'with fuch duty and arrears, wherefoever the fame (hall be found, reftoring to the party the overplus of fuch money a9 fuch goods (hall be fold for, over and above the duty and arrears thereof then due, and over and above the nccefiary charges of taking fuch diftrefs.

XIX.	And be it cnaCted, That all chief magiftrates, Magiflrates

(heriffs, and juftices of the peace, and other his Majefty’s and peace offi-peace officers within their *feveral and refpeflive jurifdiCtions,	co	<

are hereby authorized and required to give afliftance from

time to time, to the feveral collectors of the faid duties, in collecting the fame.

XX.	And be it enadted, That if any perfon fubjeCt to 40i penalty any duty to his Majcfty, in refpeCt of any fervant or fer- for not paying vants, retained or employed by him or her, (hall not within duty.

one month after notice in writing, in the name of the officer authorized to colleCt fuch duties, being given to fuch perfon, or left at the ufual place of abode of fuch pprfon, with his wife, or with his or her child or fervant, above the age of fixteen years, requiring him or her to pay fuch duty, pay the fame to fuch officer 5 every fuch perfon, for every fuch negleCt, (hall forfeit twenty pounds: provided that at leaft feven days before the time fuch notice^fhall have been fo given of left, fuch officer (hall have demanded fuch duties

from

t)utv on fer-

Duties to be raid on or before 24 June.

Perfons who (hall be exempted, Arc.

Fine*, Arc. to be rfcovered as

hf 14 Ac 15

Cha. Jfc. &c.

In force until fl4 June 1799.

lulls to be in following form.

Tis thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

from the perfon fabjed to pay the fame, or from h»s wife, or his or her child or fervant, above the age of fixteen years, at the place of abode of the perfoa fubjed to pay the fame.

XXI.	And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in any year, to pay to the collet 013 of hi.\ Majeiiy’a revenue, in the diftrid of excife, in which he or (he (hall refide, all duties on male fervants, fire-hearths and carriages, granted to his M ijefty within focb year, to which he or the (hall be fubjed, and upon proof made to ,thc colled or of hearth-m^ney, of payment of fuch duties, by produdion of the receipt figned by the collcdor to whom the payment (ha 1 have been made, or other fufficient proof, fuch duties (hall not be levied by the collcdor of hearth-money.

XXII.	And be it enaded, That every perfon who both paid into his Majelly’a treafury as a voluntary contribution, a fum of one hundred pounds or upwards, (hill be exempted from the payment of all duties on roale-fervants, fire*heartb$, and carriages, granted to his Majefty, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety -eight, and the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

XXIII.	And bt it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflided by this ad, (hall, and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, ;md by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as arc prrfcribed, dire&cd, and appointed, in and by an ad of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty, Charles the fecond, entitled, An aS for the fettling of the excife, or newt impofly upon his MajeJljy his heirs and fue-cejorsy according to the book of rae therein infer ted, or by any other law or laws, relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as fully and effedually, to all intents, conftrudions, aid . purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, and expreffed, and cnaded in this ad, with like remedy of appeal, as in and by the faid r.d of excife, or any other law or laws relative to his Majcfty’s revenue of excife is provided.

XXIV.	And be it enaded, That this ad (hall continue and be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and do longer.

XXV.	And be it enaded. That the lifts or accounts required by this ad, to be delivered, (hall be iimilar to the form following :

4	A LIST

Digitized by LjOoq le

The thirty-c't*blb T*ar of George III.

A LIST or ACCOUNT of the male-fervants, employed by A. B. of	in	the	parifli	of

Barony of	and	County	of	and	of

Fire-hearths, in and belonging to hie houfe at and of the carrwgee and chaifes with four wheels, and two wheels kept by him at

495

A. D.

1798. Chap. 45.

M -A L E SERVANTS.

Maitre D’Hdtel,

Houfe Steward,

Maher of Horfe,

Groom of the Chambers, Valet de Chambre, Butler,

Under-Butler,

Clerk of the Kitchen, Confedioner,

Cook,

Houfe-Porter,

Footman,

Running Footman, Coachman,

Groom,

Poftillion,

Gardener,

Park-keeper,

Game kepper, Huntffifcsp, Whipper in.

CARRIAGES.

Coach,

Chariot,

Berlin,

Calafh,

Chaife,

Chaife

FIRE-HEARTHS.

On the kitchen floor.

One kitchen grate, fire place. Stew-hole,

Hot-hearth,

Hearths in other rooms, on the faid floor.

On the firft ftory,	Hearths,

On the fe:ond,	Hearths,

On the third,	f-Tearths,

On the fourth,	Hearths,

On the fifth,	Hearths,

In out-houfe.	Hearths,

In hot-houfe, or green-houfe,	Hearths,

CHAP.

With Four Wheels, With Two Wheels.



Digitized by

Google

49«

A. D.

The thirty-eighth Tsar of George III.

CHAP. XLVI.

An AS for the government of the Militia of Great Britain, ferving in thii Kingdom, during their continuance therein.

Regulations and provifions for Britifh mi-litis ferving in thi. kingdom, si herein.

Regulations for militia officers in courts martial, 8c c.

WHEREAS on the breaking out of the unnatural and wicked rebellion now exifting in this kingdom, from an ardent zeal for the interefts of his Majefty, and their country, and from an affe&ionate concern for their loyal fellow-fubje&g of this kingdom, the officers, noji-commiffioned officers and privates, of divers of his Majefty’* regiments of Britifh Militia, made a voluntary offer to his Majefty of their fen-ices to be employed in this kingdom, for the fuppreffion of the faid unnatural rebellion, and thereupon an afl of parliament was paffed in Great Britain, to empower his' Majefty for a time, and to an extent thereby limited, to accept the fervices of fuch parts of his militia forces of Great Britain, as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employed in Ireland : And whereas his Majefty has been gracioufiy pleafed to order a confiderablc body of the faid Britifh militia, who have offered their fervices, in aid of their loyal fellow fubje&s of Ireland* to be landed in this kiugdom, and it is ncceffary to provide for their good government, and for the prefervation of the rank of their offi-ccrs during their continuing in this kingdom : be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the feme, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to command, or to put any of the militia forces of Great Britain, who fhall land io this kingdom, purfuant to the faid at\ of the Britifh parliament, under the command of fucli general officers, as he or they (ball be pleafed to appoint, and during their continuance in this kingdom, the officers, non-commiffioned officers, and privates of the feveral regiments of the faid Britifh militia, (hall be fubje& to all the provifions contained in an a& of parliament paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament in this kingdom, entitled, An aS for punijhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quartcrsy within this Kingdom.

II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no officer ferving in his Majefty’s regular forces, or in his .Majefty’s militia of Ireland, (hall fit in any court-martial for the trial

of

t

Digitized by v^rOOQie

497

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

of any officer, or foldier ferving irf the Britifh militia, nor A. D /hall any officer of the Britifh militia fit in any court-mar- 1798. tial upon the trial of any officer or foldier ferving in his Majefly’s regular forces, or militia of Ireland.	Rank	of	of!U

III.	And be it further enabled, That the officers of the ccr,r faid Britifh militia, whillt ferving in Ireland, fliall rank with the officers of his Majdty’s regular forces, as they would have ranked with the officers of his Majefty’s regular forces, had they remained in Great Britain, and fhall rank with the officers of his Majefly’s militia of Ireland, according to the dates of then* refpedive commiflions of the fame rank.

CHAP. XLVIL

An Ad for the further Amendment of the Ads relating to the Pnjl-Ojjue, and for further facilitating Profecutions under the faid Aft

WHEREAS by an ad pafled in the twenty-third and By 23 and twenty-fourth years of hii prefent Majefty’s reign, *4Gco- 3 no entitled, An ad for ejlablijhing a 'pojl-office within tint king-	^

dom, it is enaded, That from and after the paffing of the tcr being put faid ad, no perfon or perfons within this kingdom, fhall into poft-office, wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, embezzle, or de- except as herein ftroy, or caufe, procure or permit, or fuffer to be opened, embezzled or deftroyed, any letter or packet after the fame (hall be delivered into the general or other pofl-office, or into the hands of any perfon or perfons employed for the receiving or carrying poft-letters, and before delivery to the perfons to whom direded, or for their ufe, except by an ex-prefs warrant in writing, under the hand and feal of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or except in fuch cafes where the party or parties to whom fuch letter or packet fhall be- •	’	"

directed, or who is or arc thereby chargeable with the payment of the poftage thereof, fliall refufe or negled to pay the fame, and except fuch letters or packets as fhall be returned for want of true diredions; and where the party to whom the fame is, or are direded, cannot be found; and that every perfon offending herein, being thereof convided in due form of law, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy; be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

Vol. XI.	I	i	That

The thirty eighth Tear 9/ George III*

That if any perfon or perfons, after the palling of thil aft, (hall be aiding or afhfling in, or to the commit* I t’-ngof, any of the offences in the faid patt of the fsid recited aft contained, every fuch perfon fo aiding or affidieg in, or to the committing of any of the laid offences, being thereof cfcnviftcd by .due courfe of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhali fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

II.	And be it enafted, That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, poft-boy or rider, officer or other perfon em-bufn;clb icUnne	or to he hereafter employed, in any bufinefs relit-

topoft ofiict, * i“g to the poll-office, or if any other perfon or perfons who rob the whatfoever, not employed in any bufinefs relating to the far e, (bah fuller poll office, (hall rob (ot wilfully (lop or detain, with intent to rob, harch or impede the progrefs thereof) any mail or mnils, hag or bags in which letters arc fent or conveyed by r.e poll, or (hall Heal, of felonioufly take from or out of any fuch mail, or from or out of any bag or bags of kite s fent or conveyed by the poll, or from any poft-boy, poft-ridcr, or letter-carrier, employed, or to be employed in any bufinefs relating to the pod-office, or from or out of any poll-office, or heufe, or place for the receipt or delivery of letters and packets, fent or to be fent by the pod; or from or out of any coach, cart, or other conveyance, by .which letters are fent or (hall be font by the poll, anjr letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, although fuch robbery, dealing, or taking, fhall not appear or be proved to be a taki lg from the perfon or upon the King’s highway, or to be t robbery committed in ahy dwtl-ling-lioufe, or any coach-houfe, liable, barn, or any out-boufe belonging to a dwcDing-houfe, and although it (hould not appear or be proved that any perfon or perfons were put in tear by fuch robbery, dealing, or taking, or if any perfon or perfons fhall be aiding 01 addling in the committing of any of the faid offences ; or if any perfon fhall receive aty fuch mad, or bag of letters, or any letter, or packet, or any other article, Matter, or thing thciein contained, or which fhall have been felonioufly taken out therefrom, or Which lhall have been othci wife felonioufly taken as afore-£aid, knowing the fame to have been dolen, or felonioufly taken as afore faid 5 every fuch offender being thereof con-vifted as aforefaid, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

other per-virtue of pafl*ed or

to be paffed in this kingdom, relative to the pod-office, or any deputy, clerk, ageut, letter-carrier, pod-boy, ot rider,

4	or

Any perfon III. And be it enafted, I hat if ary officer or embezzling fon whatfoever, in any wife afting under or by letters, flee lhall t|,js or un(jer or by virtue of any other aft.

498

Perfons employ -d or 1 ot employed in



		

Digitized by



The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

or any other officer or perfon employed, or to bt hereafter

employed in receiving, damping, forting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering letters, or packets, or in any other bulinefs relating to the poll-office, (hall wilfully fccrete, embezzle or dellrov, or Pnall wilfully permit or fui-fer any other perfon or perfons wilfully to lecrete, embezzle, or deii roy ; or if any other perron or perfons fhall with or without the confent of any fuch clerk, deputy, agent, letter-carrier, poll-boy, or rider, or other officer, or perfon what-foever, employed as aforefaid, wilfully fecrete, embezzle, or deft roy any letter or letters, packet or pickets, bag, or mail of letters, which fhall have been fent by the poft, or with which any fuch deputy, clerk, agv.jnt, letter-carrier, poll-boy, or rider, or other officer, or perfon to be employed as aforefaid, fhall and may be refpe&ively ent: uil^J, or which fhall have come to his, her, or their hands o’* pofTeffion, which fhall contain any bank-note, bank-pofl-bill, bPl of exchange, treafury or exchequer bill, debenture or acquittance, South-fca, Eaft-India, or city of Dublin, bond, dividend-warrant of the bank of Ireland or England; South-fea, Eaft-India, or othtr company, fociety, or corporation, .or victualling or tranfport biil, ordnance-debenture, fea-mens* ticket; Irifh or Britifh ftate lottery-ticket, cr fhare of any fuch ticket, bank, treafury, or other receipt, for payment of any publiek loan, note of affignmeni of ftock, in the Irifh or Biitifh funds; letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling flock in the funds of Ireland or Great Britain, or belonging to any company, fociety dr corporation ; goldfmith, or banker’s letter of credit, or note for or relating to the payment of money ; or bond or warrant of attorney, draft, bill, or promiffory note, or other fecurity or fecurities, or paper, voucher or thing whatfoever, for the payment of money, or whereby or whereon any fum of money may be bad, gotten, received or recovered, or which fhall contain any part of, the faid fe-veral vouchers, fecurities, papery matters or things herein before mentioned, or of any of them, or fhall fte3l or fe-loniouily take out of any letter or packet that fhall come to bis, her, or their hands or pofTeffion, or which fhall bave been fent by the poft, any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters, or things herein before mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or any other fecurity or fecurities, or matter or paper, or thing whaffoever, or any part of them, or of any of them, for the payment of money, whereby, or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received or recovered, or fhall (teal or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet that fhall come to his, her, or their hands or pofTeffion, or which fhall have been fent by I i 2	the

499

A. D. 1798. Chap. 47.

JOO

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

A. D. I798-Cbap 47.

(

Penalty on

perloi.s receiving lotrtrs fraudulently.

Trial for offeree* as hcre> in.

. I

the poft, any part of any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters or things herein before mentioned, or any part of any other fecurity or fecurities, paper, matter or thing whatfotver for the payment of money whether mt-ney can be had, gotten, received, or recovered thereby or thereon or not, or if anv perfon or perfons, (hall be aiding or afliiting in the committing of any of the faid offences, or if any perfon or pnfons (hall receive any fuch letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, fo as aforefaid iecreted or embezzled, or any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, matter?, or things herein before mentioned, contained in fuch ic'.ter ur letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, or any part of them, or of any of them, knowing the fame to have been wilfully ferreted or embezzled as afo;»faid, or if any perfon or perfons (hall receive any of the vouchers, fecurities, or papers, or any part of them, or any matter, article, or thing, which (ball have been felonioufly taken out of any letter 01 letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, knowing the fame to have been folen, or felonioufly taken as aforeiaid, every fuch offender or offenders, being thereof convided by due courfe of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And be it enacted, That every pcrfoivfo receiving any fuch letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, fo wilfully and felonioufly f^cretcd or embezzled as aforefaid, or any matter, article, or thing therein contained, or which fhall have been felonioufly taken therefrom or thereout, knowing the fame to have been ferreted or embezzled or ftolen, or feloni< ufly taken as aforeiaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be a principal felon, and fhall be triable for fuch offence, and being convicted thereof in due courfe of law, fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy, although the perfon or perfons who fhall have adually fecretcd 01 embezzled fuch letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or mail of letters, or who fhall have felonioufly taken any of the article?, matters, or things aforefaid ;herefrom or thereout, fhall not have been prtvi-oufly convided, tried or apprehended.

V.	And be it declared and enacted. That on every trial to be hereafter had for any offence again ft this ad, or the faid recited ads of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his.Majcfty’s reign, or againftan ad pafled in the twenty eighth year of his Majeiiy’s reign, entitled, An 08 to explain and amend an a8 pcfjed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majfly's reign, entitled, An a8 for ejlabkjhing a pojl-ojice within this kingdom, or again ft an ad paffed in the threty-fixth yiar of bis Majority's trig*,

entitled.

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

entitled, An ad to further explain and amend an ad paffed in the twenty-third an < twenty-fourth years of his prefent Mtjejly’s reign, entitled, An ad for ejlablijhing a pojl-ojfice within this kingdom, and to explain and amend un ad pajfed in the twenty • eighth year of hit prefent Majejly’s reign, entitled, An ad to explain and amend an ad paffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majejly’s reign, entitled, In ad for ejlablifhing a pof-office within Jji.\ king fam, where evidence of any bank-note, bank-poft bill* promiflbry note, bill of exchange, or any other of the vouchers or fecurities herein before mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or any other feeurity or fecurities, matter, paper, or thing whatloevcr, or any part of them, for the payment of money, or whereby, or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received, or recovered, fhall be neceflary ; it (hall not be neceflary to produce the perfon or perfons by whom fuch bank note, bank-pofl-bill, promiflbry-note, bill of exchange, or other voucher, ieeurity, paper* matter, or thing fhall have been figned, but it fhall be fufficient to give fuch other legafl evidence of the making and execution of fuch bank-note, bank-pod bill, promiflbry-note, bill of exchange, or other voucher, fecurty, paper, matter or thing, as the nature * f the cafe will admit of,' eithei by the fun ill tude of the hand writing of the perfon or perfons fub-feribing fuch bank-note, bank-poft-bill, promiflbry-note, bill of exchange, or other voucher, fecuity, paper, mat* ter, or thing, or by luch other means as fhould be legal evidence in civil actions, for the mere proving of the mak«-ing and execution of fuch bank-note, bank p6it-bill, pro-millbry-note, bill of exchange, or other voucher, fecurity*. paper, matter or thing whatfoever.

CHAP, XLVIII.

An Ad for preventing the Defertion of Seamen from Ships ira ding between this Kingdom and His Majejly’s Colonics and Plantations in the IVeJl Indies.

W HIr REAS Teamen and mariners after entering into articles-to lerve on board merchant fhips during their voyages from Ireland to his Mijefty’s colonies and plantations in the Well Indies, and thence to Ireland, do frequently delcrt from fuch fhips on their arrival at or in fuch colonies and plantations, on account of the exorbitant ' wage* given by matters and commanders of other merchant fhips by the run or gvoiu, to Teamen and mariners, when in

fuch.

✓

From I July,

1798, deferteis (hall be debarred from recovering wages after defertion.

Any mailer hiring a dt fer-t< , (hall forfeit I col.

No more

that, double wages tf> be given to fea-men hired in the \V. ladies, for voyage back to Ireland, &c.

The thirty~cigh:h Tear of George III.

fuch colonies and plantations, to induce them to enter on board their (hips: And whereas fuch feamen and m3r2r.cn upon entciivg into articles for fuch voyages from Ireland, ufualh receive lnr^e fums of money in advance, for the pur-pofe of their out-fat, and monthly allowances arc frequently paid to their families towards their fupport and maintenance ’during the abfence of fuch Teamen and mariners:	Ard

whereas fuch defertions have been the means of depriving many merchant fhips of a fufficicnt number of fearren and mariners to navigate them back to Ireland, and thereby oc-cafioned great lofTes to the merchants trading to the faid colonics and plantations: For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent !Y;ajeily, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, r.nd by the authority of the fame, That from and af:er the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hnndred and ninety-eight, all aod every fcaman, mariner, and other perfon who (hall defc.it at any time during the voyage, either out or home, from any merchant-fhip tiadfng between the faid colonies or plantations, and Ireland, (hail over and above any punifhmcnts, penalties, and forfeitures, to which he may now by law be fubjed, be debarred and precluded from bringing and maintaining any adion in this kingdom, for recovery of the wages, or any part thereof, which he may have agreed for, with, or be entitled to, during the voyage, from the matter or owner of the (hip, on board of which he Inail enter immediately after fuch defertion.

II And be ’r further enabled, That all and every matter or commander < i any meichant (hip bound from any of the faid colonics or plantations to Ireland, who (hall fiorri and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, hire, or engage to ferve on board hi? fhip or vefTel, any ieanan, mariutr or oilier perfon, who (hall to the knowledge of inch mailer, have deferted from anv other fhip orvefiel, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein after direded.

III.	And be it further cnaded, That no matter or commander of any merchant-fhip or vciTel, which (hall from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven and r.in?ry-eight, fail, or proceed from any port or place in Ireland, (hall hire or engage, or caufe or procure to be hired or engaged, anv fcaman, mariner, or other perfon, at any port or place within his Majetty's colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, to ferve on board any fuch merchant-fhip or veflel on her v yage back to Ireland, at or for greater or more wagis or hire (or fuch fervice, than according to the ntc of

double

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

double monthly wages controlled for with the feamen, mariners, and other pci ions hired or engaged to ferve on board fuch (hip or veflel at the time of her then I ait departure from Ireland, being in the fame degree and ilation in which fuch feaman, mariner, or other perfon, (hall be fo hired or engaged at any fuch port or place as aforefaid, unlcfs the governor, chief magiflrate, collector or comptroller of fuch port or place in the laid colonies or plantations ihail think that greater or more wages or hire than double the monthly wages aforefaid, fnould or ought tc be given to fuch feaman, mariner, pr other perfon as aforefaid, and do, and (hall accordingly authorize and direcl the fame to be given, by writing undei his band, that then, and in fuch cafe, the mailer or commander of fuch fhip or veflel, (hall and jnay be at liberty to pay, and tiie feaman, mariner, or other perfon on bv>ard fuch (hip or veil'd, to receive fuch greater or higher wages, as fuch governor, chief magiftrate, collector, or comptroller, (nail direct, as aforefaid, and that all contracts, bonds, bills, notes, and other fecurities, promifes, and undertaking*, which (hall be made, entered into, or given, contrary to tire intent and meaning pf this a&, (hall be null and void la all intents and purpoles; and that the mailer or commander of any fuch mnehant-ihip or veil'd, or other perfon or perfous whomfoever, who (hall make, enter into, or give, or caule, or procure tb be made, entered into, or given any fuch contract, bond, bill, note, or other fccurily, pronhfe, or im-^ertakjng, or who (hall hire or engage, or caule or procure to be hired or engaged any feaman, marine., or otiiei perfon* to enter on board any fhip or veflel, contrary to the intent and meaning of this a£t, or who (hall pay* or caule or procure to be paid or given, any greater or more hire or wages, or othei gratuity or advantage what(oever, to or for any feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo hired or engaged at any fuch port or place witliin his Majelly’s colonies or plantations in the W ell Indies a,s afore.aid, than is allowed or directed by this act, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, let vied, and applied, in the manner herein afiei^ directed.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all and every mailer and mailers pf fuch (hip or (hips, (hall within ten days after their arrival opt at any port or ports in the faid colonies or plantations, and aifo within ten days after their arrival home at any port or pqrts in Ireland, deliver upon oath, to be made before the collet or or comptroller of fuch poit or ports refpe&ively, (who is hereby authorized to adminifter the fame) a true and exa£t lift and defection of all aLd every the crew on board fuch fhip or ffcips at the time of their clearing out from any port or ports in Ireland, and ^Ifq pf the qrew on bpard the feme at the time of their

arrival

Lifts tc be dcli\ercd on 04th by matter* in 10 day* after arrival out or home, penalty a* herein.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

504	The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

A. D.	arrival in any port or ports in the laid colonies or pjanta-

1798.	tions, and alfo a true and exa& lill or defeription of all and

Chap. 48.	every feaman, mariner, or other perfon who has or hare

deferttd from fuch (hip or (hips, or who has or have died during the voyage; and alfo a true account of the wages due to each feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo dying, at the time of his death ; and all and every matter and matters omitting, neglc&ing, or refufing fo to do, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and for which faid lift and account fo delivered, fuch collector or comptroller at filch port in this kingdom, (hall be entitled to demand and receive from the perfon fo delivering the fame, the fee of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every matter and matters of any (hips or (hips, or other perfon or perfons, to infped fuch lift and lifts from time to time, as he or they may think proper, for which infpedtion the faid collector or comptroller (hall be entitled to demand and receive from the perfons making the fame, the fum of one (hilling, and no more.

Seamen not V. And be it'further ena&cd by the authority aforefiud, warCesthon10rC That 110 k*man» mariner, or other perfon, who (hall at any hereby allowed. Port or place within his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in the Weft Indi«s, hire, or engage himfeif to ferve, or wlio (hall in the faid colonies or plantations enter on board any merchant-fhip or vefTel which (hall fail from Ireland after the firft day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-eight, (hall be entitled to, nor (hall he fue for, recover, or receive any greater or more wages or hire, or other gratuity or advantage .vhatfoever, on account of, 01 for fuch iervice, than fuch wages or hire as herein before authorized or directed to he paid or received.

Waee* of	VI. And be it further enabled, That all and every fum

men who die on and fums of money which (hall be due for wages to any fca-I.oard, (hall be man, mariner, or other perfon hired or engaged on board paid as herein. 0f any merchant-(hip for any voyage from any port or ports in Ireland to any port or ports in the faid colonics or plantations, and who has or have died on board during the voyage, (hall within three calendar months after the arrival of fuch merchant-ftlip in any port or ports in Ireland, be paid to the perfon appointed in this kingdom to receive the fixpennv '	duty for Greenwich-hofpital for the time being, to the ufe

of the executor or executors, adminillrator or adminiltrators of the feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo dying; and if any matter of any fuch merchant-(hip, (hall negleft or it> fufe to pay over, or tender to the faid receiver, all and ecery fuch fum and fums of money within the time herein before limited, he (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the

fum

I

7'he thirty-eighth Tear of George III	505

fum of fifty pounds, and alfo double the amount of the fum A. D. or fums of money fo due to any feaman, mariner, or other t 798. perfon, for wages as aforefaid.	Chap. 48.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted, That '—

all and every fuch fum and fum? of money which fhall not Iffuchfam* he lawfully demanded of the faid receiver within the term JJJ>t dc™*ndkr-of three years after payment thereof to him in manner afore-	°F-

laid, fhall be forfeited, and (hall go and be paid to the ufe of the Hibernian marine fchool.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Application of faid, That the penalties and forfeitures given by this aft, fhall forfeiture*.

be paid and applied in manner following, that is to fay, two-third parts thereof for and towards the fupport of the Hibernian marine fchopl, and the other third part thereof to and for the perfon or perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame, and that fuch penalty fhall be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in this kingdom ; or fuch of them as do not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, upon information on the 0:1th of one or more witnefles, before one or more of his M^jefly’s justice or juftices of the peace, jn any part of this kingdom, who fhall not re fide more than ten miles from the place of abode of the perfon or perfons complained of, which juft ice and jultices is and arc hereby authorized and required to iffue out his or their warrant or warrants to bring* before him or them every perfon charged with any offence under this , ft, and in cafe he or they fhall refufe or negleft to pay fuch penalties or forfeitures as aforelaid, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to bring before him or them every perfon charged with any offence under this aft, and in cafe he or they fhall icfufe or negleft to pay fuch penalties or forfeitures as aforefaid, to iffue his or their warrant 01 warrants to levy the fame by dillrefs and fale of th? offender’s goods; and in cafe no dillrefs can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the city, town, or place within the jurifdiftion of fuch	,

refpeftive ju it ice or juftices, there to remain for the fpacc of three calendar months, or until be or they fhall pay the-fame*.

IX.	Provided neverthelcfs, and he it enafted, Toat no- Not to extend thing in this aft fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to to feanvn lured

any contraft or agreement which fhall or may be made with ?n voP£c*

1 c	P	,	r	1 •	.	home, who rrn-

any teaman, mariner, or other perfon hired or engaged to ^ucc ccrtiiicaics.

ferve on boa-d any mtrchant-fhip • r veffel on her voyage to this kingdom, at any port or place within his [Vjajefty’s colonics or plantations in the Weft Indies, who fh?ll at the time of fuch hiring or engagement, produce and driver to the maftec and commander of fuch mcrchant-fhip or wfTel,

a certificate



Google

\

The thtrty-etghth Tw of George III.

a certificate under the hand of the njafter or commander of the (hip or veffel on board of which fuch Teaman, mariner, or other perfon had then lad ferved, figned in the prefence cf one or more witnefs or witHeftes, dating their ufual place or places of abode, thereby declaring or certifying that fuck feaman, mariner, or other perfon had been duly difchargtd from the (hip or veffel bn board of which he had fo Tift ferved, and which certificate the faid matter or commander (hall grant within three days next after application made to him by fuch feaman; mariner, or other perfon, befov a witnefs, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit and pay the fura of twenty pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manlier herein before diredfed; nor to any control or agreement to be made with any feaman, mariner, or other perfon hired or engaged to ferve on board any merchant-ttiip or veffel, which through neceffity, or on account of very \ykr zardous fervice, or extraordinary ditty, require fuck contrad or agreement to be made, and more wages or hire given, and pf which neceffity, fei vice, or extraordinary duty, proof be piade on oath before the chief raagiilrate or principal officer of any port or place, or before any juftice juftices of the peace of the faid colonies or plantations; and provided aUo, that fuch feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo hired or engaged to ferve on board the (hip 9r veffil fo requiring fuch fervice, (hall not have deferted from the ffriporvtffei on board of which he had then latt ferved; and provided alfo, that no greater or higher wages or hire (hall be givcq by any matter or commander, or taken or received by any feaman, mariner, or other perfon as aforefaid, except in cafes of fuch neceffity, very hazardous fervice, or extraordinary duty as aforefaid, then after th$ rate of double the monthly w*!ges, or the wages to be fettled or directed by any governor, chief magiftrate, cplle&qr, or comptroller, as herein before itire&ed to be paid or received as aforefaid.

X And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of July, one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, the articles to be entered into by and between the matters, feamen, and mariners of fuch merchant-ftrip or drips, (hall be agreeable, and to the purport and e{feft as mentioned in the ichedule hereunto annexed, marked with the letter A.

A publick ad. XI. 'And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid^ That this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and all judges and juftices are hereby required to take notice of it as Tucft, without fpeciaiiy pleading the fame.

Articles (hall f>e agreeable to * Schedule A.

TV

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

'The SCHEDULE to which thii Aft refers.

A.

It is hereby agreed between the majler, feamen, and mariners Ship articles of thejhip	novi	bound	for	the port of .	of	agreement.

and	the majler or commander of the fatd

flip, that in confideraiion of the monthly or other wages aga+nft each refpedive feaman or mariner's name hereunto put, they federally Jhall and will perform the above-mentioned voyage, and the faid majler doth hereby agree withy and hire the faid feamen or mariners for the faid voyage, at fuch ^monthly wages to be paid purfuant to the laws of Ireland : And they the faid feamen and mariners do hereby prom ife and oblige themfelves to do their duty and obey the lawful commands of their officers on board the faid Jhip or boats thereunto belonging, as become good and faithful feamen and mariners, and at all places where the faidJhip Jhall put in or anchor during the faidJhip's voyagef to do their be/l endeavours for the prefervation of the faid Jhip and cargo, and not to negled or refufc doing their duty by day or by night, nor Jhall go out of the faid Jhip on board any other vejfel, or be on under any pretence whatfoever, until the voyage is ended, and theJldp difeharged of her cargo, without leave JipJl obtained cf the majler, captain, or commanding officer on board; and in default thereof, they freely agree to be liable tu the penalties mentioned in the ad of parliament made in the fifth year of ling George the fecond, entitled, aft adt for the better regulation and government of feamen in the merchants* fervice, and' which act was continued by fcveral fulfil sent ads of parliament pajfed in this kingdom, and made perpetual by an ad pajfcd in the thirty ftxlh year of the reign of his prefini Majefiy, entitled, an act to make perpetual the laws for preventing frauds committed by bankrupt ; affo, an adt for providing a main- 1 tenance for prtii(h clerks, and for continuing certain other temporary ilatutes ; and the ad made in the thirty-cghth year, qJ his p.fifint Majefifs reign, entiled, an adt for preventing the defertion of feamen from {hips trading between this kingdom and h»s M^jefty's colonies and plantations in the Welt ,

Indies : And it is further agreed by the parties to thefi prefents, that twenty four hours abfenCe without leave, Jh:dl be deemed a total defertion, and render fuck feamen and mariners liable to the forfeitures and penalties contained in the ads above recited ; that each and every lawful command which the faid majler Jhall think necejfary to ijfue for the ejfedual government of the faid vejfel, fupprejKng immorality and vice, of all kinds, be Jlridly complied with;, under the penalty of the perfoa or perfons difobey-

o

Digitized by v^ooQle

508	The	thirty-eighth	Tear	of	Georg* III.

A- D. ing, forfeiting his or their whole wages or hire, together with 1798.	every thing belonging to him or them on board the faid veffri

Chap. 48.	And it is further agreedthat no officer or feaman, or fxrjm

belonging to the faid Jhip, Jhall demand or be entitled to bis wages, or any part thereof until the arrival of the faid Jhip at the above mentioned port of difcharge, and her cargo deliverednor left than twenty days, in cafe the feaman is not employed in the delivery. And it is hereby further agreed between the ma/ler and officers of the faidJhip9 that whatever apparelfurniture9 and fores each of them may receive into their cbarge9 belonging t» the faid Jhip, /ball be accounted for on her return ; and in cafe any thing fball be lojl or damaged through their careleffhefs or ia-fufficiency, it Jhall be made good by fuch officer or feaman, by whofe means it may happen, to the mafer and owner of the faid Jhip. And whereas it is cujlomary for the offers andfeamen on theflip's return home in the harbour, an i during the time their cargoes are delivering, to go on Jbore each night to ftp, greatly to the prejudice of fuch jhip and freighters, is is junber agreed by the faid parties, that neither offer uor faman Jhall on any pretence whatsoever be entitled to fuch indulgence, but Jhall do their duty by day in difehorge of the cargo, and beep fuch watch by night as the mafer or commander of the faid JhipJhall think nccejfary in order for the prefervation of the above And whereas it often happens that part of the cargo is embezzled afier being delivered into lighters, and as fuch Ioffes are made good by the owners of the Jhips ; be it therefore agreed by thefc prefents, that whatever ofeer or feaman the maferjhall think proper to appoint, Jhall take charge of the cargo in the lighters, and go with the fame to the lawful quay, and there deliver his charge to the Jhip's hujband, or his reprefentative, or fee the fame fafrly weighed at the King's beam, and in confequence of their true fdelity, fuch officer or feaman /hall be entitled to two Jhillings andfx pence each lighter, exchfve of their monthly pay ; and Jhould it -	fo	happen	that	lighters are detained c corJi.icrable time at the quay

before they can be unloaded, fuch officer andfeaman fo appointed, Jhall in that ccfs be entitled to twoJ hi: lings andfx penes for every twenty four hours, exclufve of their faid monthly pay. That each feaman and mariner who Jhall well and truiy perform the alovc-mentioned voyage, (provided always, that there he m plunderage, embezzlement9 or other unlawful ads committed on the faid vefel's cargo or /lores,) Jhall he entitled to their wages or hire that may become due to him purfuant to this agreement. That for the due performance of each and every the above-mentioned arLids and agreements, anti acknowledgment of their being voluntary, and without compulfion, or any other clantlcfime means being ufed, the Jaidparties have hereunto fuh-feriled their names, the day and month Jet oppojite to their rt-Jpetlive names.

a

tized by

Place and Time of Entry.

Men’s Names.

Quality.

D

«g;

I

O

o



r

Witnefs to each Man’s figning.

Pay in the Harbour. Wages per Month, or

------------—------ by	the	Run	for	the

Whole. J Half.	Voyage

Whole

Wages.

*

3

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

The thirty eighth Tear of George, III.

CHAP. XLIX.

Former pof flffion* of the profdTorsof law m this king* dom $

bjtSG.t. ground in faid lcire wu vefted in truftees,

the dean and

chapter ot Chrift Church are feiz-ed in fee of two parcels of land herein deferi bed:

An AB to enable the Dean and Chapter of Chrift Church, Dulling and other Perf oris therein named, to grant certain Grounds in the City of Dublin, to the Society of Kin%’s Inns, Dublin.

WHEREAS the ptofeflors of the law in this kingdom, were from the year one thonfand five hundred and forty-two, poffeffed of the feite, circuit, ambit and pre-cinft of the monaflery or houfe of the ftiars preachers, or black friars, fituate in the fuburbs of the city of Dublin, with other lands, by virtue of leafes for years thereof, made to them by his Majefty King Henry the eighth, and his fucceflors, and the fame were afterwards granted to them ia fee by his Majefty, King James the firft, at the annual rent of twenty (hillings, to the end that it fhouid be a perpetual refidence for them, and their fucceflors, and they continued torefide therein, and the fame were known by the name of the King’s Inna, until the year of our lord, one thoufend feven hundred and fortv-two, when the buildings became ruinous and unfit for the purpofes of the focicty : And whereas by an adt of parliament puffed in the twenty-fifth year of his late Majelly, King George the fecond, the ground comprized in the faid feite, was vefted in certain truftees, who were thereby empowered to fet or fell the fame, or, any part of it, and to purchafc other ground, or to build on an part of the faid ground not fold, or demifed, and they cannot now build on the faid ground, the greateil part thereof being occupied by the courts of juftice, and the public offices lately built thereon : and whereas the right honourable and right reverend and reverend the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of the Holy. Trinity or Chrift-Church, in the diocefe of Dublin, are feized in fee of two parcels of land, one of them called the Plover Field, near Glafmaenoge, in the county of the city of Dublin, and the other called part of Redmond’s farm, lying on the eaft fide of Glafmaenoge, in the fuburbs of the city of Dublin, which lands have been appropriated to the maintenance of the prebendaries and choral vicars of the faid church, and the faid dean and chapter by and with the aflent and confent of the faid prebendaries ar.d choral vicars, on the twenty-fixth day of June, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, demifed the faid parcel of land called the Plover Field, to Richard Wilton,

of

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.	jll

fcf the city of Dublin, efquire, to hold to him, his execu- A. D. tors, adminillrators and affigns, for a term of forty’years, 1798. from the twenty-filth day of March then laft pall, at the Chap* 49. yearly rent of fix pounds, and the faid Richard Wilfon, oh the ninth day of July, in the year of our lord one thoufand jn what man-feven hundred and ninety-four* demifed part of the faid ner faid land parcel of land, containing one acre, one rood, and fevent^en waademifed* perches, to the honourable Richard Trench, in trull for the right honourable Luke lord Mountjoy, to hold to him, hi* executors, adminillrators and affigns, for the term of forty years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, then laft pall, at the yearly*rent of twenty-two pounds fifteen Ihilhngs, with a covenant that the faid Richard Wilfon, his executors, adminillrators and affigns, fhould make a new leafe_to	.

the faid lord Mountjoy, his executors, adminillrators and affigns, at the faid yearly rent, fo often as the faid dean and chapter (hould make a new leafe thereof to him: and whereas the faid dean and chapter, with the like alfent and confent, on the thirteenth day of June, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, demifed that other pat cel of land called part of Redmond's farm, containing two acres, one rood, and twenty-eight perches, to John Nalh of the county of Cork, efquire, to hold to the laid John Nalh, his executors, adminillrators and affigns, for a term of forty years, from thf twenty-fifth day of March then laft pall, at the yearly rent of twenty pounds 5 and the faid John Nalh on the ninth day of February, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, demifed the faid laft mentioned parcel of land to John Egan, of the city of Dublin, efquire, to hold to him, his executors,adminillrators, and affigns, for a term of thirty-nine years, from the twenty-fifth - day of March then laft pall, at the yearly rent of four hundred and twenty pound* ten (hillings, with a covenant that he the faid John Nalh, his executors, adminillrators and affigns, would make a new leafe to the faid John Egan, of the faid parcel of land for a like rent, on his or their paying to him or them, a fum of

as a fine for the fame: and whereas the benchers of the faid fociety of the King’s- benchers obtain-inna, defir us to build a library, dining-ball and chambers, for the members of the faid fociety, according to the infti- i>iover 1	»

tution of the royal founders, have on the fourteenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven bundled and ninety-three, obtained from the faid lord Mountjoy, a leafe of that part of the faid Plover Field de-mHed to him, a* aforefaid, by the faid Richard Wilfon, and the laid lord Mountjoy, 00 the faid day, by the faid Richard Trench, hi* attorney for that purpofe, and truilee, demife^J

part

Digitized by

Google

D.

1798. Chap. 49.

John Kgan de-inif -.i part of K.datond'h farm to \V. c'aiilbcck, ir. tr .lt for io-cictv:

fa d Fp-a:i** inured :n Kcd-lr.or.u’* farm, i- i.iiw	in

W. Ficuhtr^

r- rcnfive hc'M-»nr> arc to 1’C * />.*clccl on i'r.id Ln.{> :

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

part of the faid parcel of ground, called the Plover Fidd* to William Caldbeck, treasurer to the faid fociety, to bold the fame to him, his executors, adminiftrators and afligns ia trull for the faid fociety, for a terra of thirty-one yean, from the twenty-ninth day of September, then lad pad, at the yearly rent of live hundred and fourteen pounds ten (hilling?, with a covenant that he the faid Richard Trench, his executors, adminillratois and afligns, would errant a new leafe of the faid parcel of land to the faid William Caldbeck, his executors, adminillrators and afligns, at a rent, of five hundred and fourteen pounds ten (hillings, fo often as he ihould obtain a new leafe thereof, from the faid dean and chapter, and for a like term ; and the faid benchers alfo did obtain from the faid John Egan, a leafe of the (aid parcel of land called part of Redmond’s farm ; and the faid John Egan, on the twenty-feventh day of February, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, demifed the faid parcel of land to faid William Caldbeck, to hold the fame to him, his executors, adminillrators and afligns in trull for the faid fociety, for a term of thirty-five years, from the twenty-fifth day of December, then laft pad, at the yearly rent of fix hundred and fifty pounds and onc-hait of fuch fine as he or they (hould pay for the fame, with a covenant that he the faid John Egan, his executors ad-' miniilrators and afligns, would make a leafe of the faid parcel of kind to the laid William Caldbeck, for a like term, and at the rent aforefaid, and at the fine aforefaid, fo often as he ihoold obtain a new leafe thereof, from the faid John Nafii : and whereas the faid John Egan, for full and valuable confideration, hath granted and conveyed unto William William Fletcher, of the city of Dublin, cfquire, and his heirs, all his right, title and intereft in .the faid parcel of land called part of Redmond’s farm, and in the faid rent payable to him under the ilcmife aforefaid, and all the right, title, and filtered of him the faid John Egan, in faid parcel of ]<vtd, and the rent aforefaid, is now veiled in the faid William Fletcher, and his heirs : and whereas the buildings intended to be creeled on the faid two parcels of land, have need to be of much extent and folidity, and will toft very confiderable funis of money, and are to be applied to pur-pofes beneficial to the public, the fame as if they had been erected on the ground granted as aforefaid, to the faid fociety by his Majefly King James the fuft; and whereas the faid dean and chapter, and the prebendaries, and choral vicars of the faid cathedral church have contented and agreed, that the faid fociety of the king’s inns and their lucccllbrs, (hall have, hold and enjoy the faid lands for

J

fit thirty-eighth feat of George 111;

ever, in fee, in confideratioa of a rent, equal in amount id-the difference in value between a term of forty years, and a fee fimple, to be made immediately payable to them, and to their fucceflbrs for ever, by the fa id fociety of the king’s tuns'; and whereas the faid Richard Wilfon, lord Mountjoy* John Nafh, and William Fletcher, #who are now refpeftivc-ly entitled to the feveraUbeneficial interells and terms for years in faid two parcels of land, herein before particularly mentioned, have alfo confented and agreed, that the faid fociety of king’s inns and their fucceflbrs, (hall have, hold, and enjoy the faid lands for ever, notwithftanding their te-veral beneficial interests and terms for years now fubfifting* in confideration that they the faid Richard Wilfon, lord Mountjoy, John Nafh and William Fletcher, (hall have effectually fecured to each of them, feverally and refpe&ive-ly, and their refpe&ive and feveral heirs and afligns, fuch annual rents, or yearly fums as are herein after particularly mentioned : be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the % lords fptritual and temporal, and commons in this pretent parliament aflembled, 7hat ,’t (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid dean and chapter, by and with the advice and content of the prebendaries, and choral vicars aforefaid, to grant and demife to the profeflors of the common law in this realm, and to their fucceflbrs in the faid profeflion for ever, by the name of the fociety -of the king’s inns, the faid two pieces or parcels of land fo demited to them as aforefaid* by the faid lord Mountjoy and John Egan; and for the faid profefiors by the faid name, to accept of the faid demite, and to hold and enjoy the (ame to them, and to their fuc-ceffor8, paying to the (aid prebendaries and choral vicars, and to their fucceflbrs, the yearly fum of two hundred and five pounds, ten (hillings, and two pence, by equal quarterly payments, on every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth-day of September, twenty-fifth day of December* and twenty-day of March, in every year, and paying in like manner to the faid Richard Wilfon, his heirs and afligns* the yearly fum of eighteen pounds, fourteen (hillings and eight pence, and alfo paying in like manner to the faid lordf Mountjoy, his heirs and afligns, the yearly fum of four hundred &nd four pounds, nineteen (hillings and four pence, and alfo paying in like manner to the (aid John Nalh, his fieirs and afligns, the yearly fum of three hundred and eighty pounds, and alfo paying uato the faid William Fleecher, his heirs and afligns, in like manner the yearly fum of two hundred pounds 5 the firft payment of every of the (aid yearly fums to be made on the firft of fuch of the (aid days of pay* ment as fhalLnext happen after the palling of this a& ; and Vol. XI.	K	k	the





o&le

Dean a fid chapter, and other parties may proceed by ad ion of debt, dec.

8*id fociety may fue and be feed.

The thirtf*igbth Tear of George lit*

the faid feveral payments to be in Heu and foil compenfahot of all rents heretofore referved out of the hud lands, and payable to the (aid dean and chapter, prebendaries, eborai vicars, Richard Wilfon, lord Mountjoy, John Nafb, and William Fletcher, or any of them, and in cafe of the nonpayment of the faid yearly films, or any of them, jm tbc refpe&ive days herein before mentioned, that the laid dean and chapter, prebendaries* choral vicars, and their fuecef* fbrs, Richard Wilfon, lord Mountjoy, John Nafb, and William Fletcher, and their heirs and ailignt refpedively, fhall feverally have remedy for recovery thereof by dittrels; and in cafe the fa^ - y be replevied, may avow upon tbit ad, without fetting out any other title to the annual rent, or yearly fum fo fued for, or they and every, or any of them, may fcverally enter -into the laid lands, and hold the iarae, and receive die rents, iflties, and profits thereof, uatil ail arrears of the annual rents or yearly fums aforefaid, and all cofts attending the recovery thereof, fball be fully fktif* bed, and the fcrvice of a fummons in ejedment, and the recital of a leafe therein, (hall b* deemed in any Court of bw or equity, a fufficient entry, and fufucreirt evidence of a teafe for the purpofc of obtaining fuch pofTefiion.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid dean and chapter, prebendaries, choral vicars, and their fuccef* fors, Richard Wilfon, lord Mountjoy, John Nafh, and William Fletcher, each and every of them, and their heirs and affigns, refpedively, to proceed for the recovery of the faid animal rents, or yearly fums, and all arrears thereof, by adion of debt or convenaot founded upon this ad, in any of the luperior courts qf record, againfl the faid fociety, by the name of the fociety of the king’s inns; and that all and every judgment and judgments which fhall, or may be obtained on all and every fuch adion and ad ions of debt or covenant, fhall be deemed and taken by virtue of this ad, as binding the real and freehold eilates of the faid fociety, Itowever veiled in truftees for their ufe, and as binding the pcrfonal property of the faid fociety, in whatsoever hands, or wherefoever fueli perfonai property mar be, fo that one or more execution or executions by virtue of this ad, may be cffedually had, for the fatisfadion of all and every fuch judgment or judgments, any thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it enaded. That the faid fociety of king's inns, fhall and may foe and be fued by the name of thi fociety of tire king’s inns, in all cafes in any way refpeding the faid lands, or any buildings to be ereded thereon,

a	CHAP,



Digitized by

Google

J

The tbirty^eigktb Tear of George HI.

V

CHAP. L

An A3 for the better Goltedion of Sums ari/tng from Fotfeitid Recognisances, and from Fines impofed dt AJftzcs, Cork-mijfions of Oyer and f erminer, and General Gaol Delivery, aiid oejfums of the Peace, and for the future Affiliation of the fame.	s

WHEREAS gireat impediments hare arifetl to the Impediment* due adminiftration of publick ju'lice, by the diffl* Haveaxifcn fr<*ii Unity which hath hitherto exitled of enforcing the payment	to	yf

of fuch fnms of money, as have become due from forfeited ment of forfei* recognizances, and from fines impofed at affixes, commif- edrecogni. Rons of oyer and terminer, and general gnol delivery, and *»»«••• feffions of the peace: and whiteas many recognizances which have been forfeited by perfons bound for the ap-pea ranee or profecution'of perfons charged with crimes, tfr for keeping the peace, have remained for a long fpace of 1 time in arrear an£ unpaid, and many fines impoted at at fizes, commiflions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and fefiions of the peace, have for nymy years remained in force, the fame not having been hitherto dif-charged or paid off, upon which procefs hath from time td time been iflued without producing any good effe& : And	v

whereas it is expedient for the ends of public juft ice, that & new mode fhould be adopted for the better and more effectual collecting fuch fums as may in future arife from for-* feited recognizances, and from fines impofed at aflizes, com-mifiion3 of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and fofiions of the peace, and for the future application of the fame: Wc your Majcfty’s mofl dutiful and loyal fub-jcCta the commons of Ireland in Parliament aflembled, be-feech your Majefty that it be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritunl and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the lame, That all recognizances which have been forfeited by perfons bound for the appearance and profecution of perfons charged with any crimes or offences, (high and petit treafon, and murder only except-cdf) or for keeping the peace, and all fines imputed on per-	'

fons at affizes, commiflions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and feffions of the peace, before the firft day of January, which w&4 in the year of our lord, one thoufand fevea hundred and ninety-three* (except fines im^

e >K a	pofed

Digitized by

forfeited recognizances (hall he levied and applied as herein.

fompt: oiler »ipe to iflue moofes as

The tbirtyeigbtb Tear of George III.

pofed on perfons convi&ed,) and which faid recognizances and fines now are, and (land unfatisfied, (hall be from henceforth for ever difeharged and vacated to all intents and purposes whatfoever, and from henceforth no procefs or execution (hall iflue, or be executed thereon, from hisMajefty’s court of exchequer, nor (hall any bond or other Security given for the fame, to any fheriff be valid, or of force, un-ieSs fuch {heriff (hall have a&ually paid into his Majefty’s exchequer the amount thereof, prior to the firft day of this preSent Seflion of Parliament.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afore faid, That all and every Sums and Sum of money arifing from forfeited recognizances, and ftom fuch fiue9 as afore laid, impofed at afiizes, commiffions of oyer and tenniner, and general gaol delivery, and fefiions of the peace, fince the laid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, which faid recognizances and fines now are, and (land un-fat isfied, and all and every Sums and Sum of moqey which lhali or may hereafter arife or grow du^ from forfeited recognizances, and from fines impofed at affizes, commiflion* t)t oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and feifiont of the peace, (hall -in future be raifed agd levied, and (hall be applied and applicable as herein after i* directed, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

III.	And for the more effe&ually colle&ing the Several jfurns of money now due arifing from recognizances, (not hereby vacated and difeharged) by perfons bound for the appearance or pro fee ut ion of perfons charged with criminal offences, or for keeping the peace, and which now are and (land unfatisfied, and from fuch fines as aforefafd impofed at affizes, commiffions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and feifionsof the peace, and eftreattd into the exchequer, between the faid firft day of January, one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-three, and the palling of this ad, and which now are, and (land unfatisfied; be it enaded, That within the Space of one calendar month after the palling of this ad, the comptroller of the pipe (hall iflue the fccond fummons of the pipe upon all fuch forfeited recognizances, and fines eft rented into the exchequer, for the levying of all Sums of money contained in fuch ef-treat*, out of the goods, body, fend lands of the refpedfve debtors named in fuch procefs, and fuch prccefs (hall be deeded to the refpedive treafurer and treafurers of the county and counties refpedively, in the baronies or halfbaronies, of which the faid refpedive debtors are ufually reputed or taken to dwell, and the faid refpedive treafurer and treafurers to whom fuch procefs (hall be direded, is and

3	arc

What (hall he

The thirty-eighth Tear qf George III.

are hereby required forthwith to iflue his or their warrant or warrants for the levying of all fuch fums as fhall be contained therein, direded to the colledor or colledors refpec-tively appointed by law, for the levying the cefs impofed by the grand jury, which faid colledor or colledors is and are hereby required to levy, pay over, and account for the fame in manner herein after directed.

IV.	And be it enaded, That from and after the palling of this ad, every recognizance hereafter taken by, or before fct in his Majefty’s court of king’s-bench, or by, or before his co8ulzancc9* Majefty’s chief juflice of tne.faid court of kingVbench,

or by, or before any of the juftices of his Majefty’s court of king’s-bench, or by, or before any juflice or juftices of the peace, cither at their feffions of the peace, or otherwife, or by any raagiftrate Or other perfon lawfully authorized to take the fame, (hall contain the name and addition of the perfon or perfons refpedivcly, who thereby acknowledges himfelf, hedTelf, or themfelves refpedively to be bound, and the name of the town-land, parifn, and barony, or half-barony, of town, or city, and ftreet, therein, (if in a county of a town or city) in which fuch perfons ufual or adual place of re-lidcnce is, or are refpedively fituated; and all and every perfons or perfon who fhall hereafter come before his Majef-ty’s court of king’s-Fench, or before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the laid court, or before any juflice or juftices of the peace, either at their feflions of the peace, or otherwife; or before any magiflrate or other perfon lawfully authoi ized to admit to bail, in order to give bail, or be “bound for the appearance of any perfon or perfons charged with any crime or crimes; (which perfon fo charged fhall by law be entitled to bail,) or for keeping the peace, fhall refpedively make oath, (which oath fhall be annexed to, or written on the fame piece of paper or parchment, with the recognizance, and be figned by the perfon making the fame* and attefted by the proper jurat of the court, juflice, mar giftrate, or other perfon taking the fame,) that he or {he is a houfc-holdcr, naming likewift therein, the place, towiv* land, parifh, barony1, or half-barony, and county, and the town, or city, and ftreet therein, (if in a county of a town, or city,) in which he or fhe ufually or adually refide, and that he or fhe is refpedively about to be bound, over and above all his or her juft debts.

V.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, fhall Perfons to*

extend, or be con (trued to extend to require the perfon or	teT

perfons charged with any crime, and for whofe appearance 0f rc£_ any recognizance (hall be about to be entered into, or any deuce* perfon or perfons who fhall become perfonally bound to keep

the peace, or any perfon or perfons who fhall or may hereafter.

V

/

\

TU thirtjHigbtb Tear of George III,

after become bound for the pro&cutioi of any perfba or perfons charged with any criminal offence, to take fuch part of the (aid oath as relates to fuch perfon or perfons being a houfe-holder, or to his, her, or their being refpeftively woi th the fum or fums of money- for which he, fhc, or they is, and are refpeftively about to be bound over, above all their juft debts; but every fuch laft mentioned perfon and perfons foall in like manner and form refpeftively, make oath as to the place, parifo, barony, or half-barony, county, and the town, or city, and ftreet therein, (if in a county of a town or city,) in which he, foe, or they ufually or aftually re-fide.

VI.	And be it enabled, That all and every juftice and justices of the peace, and all and every magiftrate, and other perfon lawfully authorized to take recognizances, who foaU hereafter negleft or refufe to return the recognizances taken before him or them, or foall negleft or refufe to infert in the recognizance or recognizances taken before him or them, the proper name and names, and additions of the perfon or perfons entering into the fame, according to the provifions of this aft, or foall negleft or refufe to adminiftci the oaths, re-fpeftively, herein before direfted and appointed to be admi-niftered, in manner fo direfted, foall for every fuch negleft or refufal, (in addition to fuch fum as the judge or judges of affize may think fit, at the refpeftive afli/es, to impofe upon fuch jufticc and juftices of the peace, or fuch magiiirate, or other perfon as aforefaid, by way of fine, for fuch negledk or refufal,) forfeit the fum of fifty poundsf to be recovered againft him by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty's courts of record in Dublin, by any perfon or perfons who will profe£ute or fue for the fame, wherein no effoign, proteftion, or wager ©f law foall be allowed, or more than one imparlance foall be granted.

VII And be it ena&ed, That from henceforth, all clerks of the court of king's bench, clerks of the court of common pleas, clerks of the crown, clerks of the peace, and others to whom it belongs, to make returns of ellrcats into the exchequer, foaH make the faid returns, fo that the fame (hall contain as well the name and additici of the particular perfon pr perfons refpeftively, who are thereby returned as having their recognizances forfeited and eftreated, and as having had fines impeded upon them, in the refpeftive courts from whence the laid returns are, or foall be refpeftively made and eftreated, as alfo the name of the place where %ch perfon or perfons ufually refide, together with the name of the town-land, parifo, and barony or half-barony, and county or town, or city, and ftreet therein, (if in a county •f i town or city), m which fuch place or places of rc4-dencd*t$ or are rdfpeftively fituated. .	.

*	VIII.	And

Iffl. KofiWit trc pwrtonh sA de

:k drott rtfpe£ .’Ham, said tsathetnnfmil ^(sthe cafe

p

^afhis prefect Saif hi M* tsd i acddScA m

£ y tk litter\ '*jsfated rr< ‘’ai \u the jehtarifig,

The thirty-eighth Tear of George Hl.%

VIII.	And be it enafted by the authority afbrcfeid, Hitt from henceforth ati clerks of the court of king's bench, and clerks of the court of common pleas, fliall upon the delivery

of the eftreats refoeftively returned by them* and aM clerk*  	,	___

of the crown, and clerks of the peace, qpon the delivery, Clcrlw of or upon the tranfmiffion of the eftreats refpeftjvely rttumed king’s bench, by them (as the cafe may be) and in addition to the oath pre-	^

Tcribed by an aft pafTed in the twenty-feventh year of the uwmSlwery, reign of his prefen t Majcfty, entitled, M a8 for the better, fi^of eftrsai. tmeSian of hit Mayfly's revenue, ariftng from forfeited re-cognizances; and in addition to the oath prefenbefl by one other a& raffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of hie prefent Majefty, entitled, An afl to amend an a8}	*n

the trventyfeventh year of bis Mayejly's reign9 entitled, An ad for the tetter colleftion of bis Mayfly's revenue etrijtng from forfeited recognizances, and to extend the nrovihon* thereof, (as the cafe may be,) (hall take an4 fubl^ribe thg oath following, that is to fay:

/ A. B. do Jkuear, that in thefe eflrmts now by mb delivered or fubfertbed (at the cafe may be)9 the hanfts and adefi•

(tons of the feveral perfons refpeftivety mentioned therein, together with their reffeQive places of rfidence9 and the parijhet9 baronies 9 half baronies ana counties, and town9 and city9 and Jlreft therein9 in which fuch places'of refidence are refpedively Htuated9 are truly and faithfully fet for(b9 according to the heft of my knowledge9 ynaerjlanding and belief

which faid oath the barons of the court of exchequerr, or any of them, or a commiflioner for taking affidavits in the faid court of exchequer, (as the cafe may be,) is and are hereby empowered tq adminifter in like manner and form, as is direfted for adminiftering the refpeftive oaths mentioned in, and required by the faid recited afts.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Comptroller the comptroller of the pipe, (hall iffue the Second fummons to ifluc fecund of the pipe, for the levying of all fums of money contained in jummonfes as fuch eftreats, out of the goods, todies and lands of the re- herein dirked, fpeftive debtors, named in fuch procefs, and fuch procefs ftall contain the fevpral and refpeftive additions, deferip-tions, places t>f abode, parifhes, baronies, of half-baronies, and counties and towns, and cities, and ftrectj, refpeftive. ly theitjn, (if in counties of towns or cities),‘of the feveral and refpeftive debtors named therein, and fuch procefs (hail be directed to the refpectiv^ treasurer and treafurers of the county, and counties refpeftively, in the baronies or half-baronies of wbkh the faid refpeftive debtors appear to dwell, aod the (aid refpeftive treafurer and treafurers to	^

'	'	whoa*

S** A. D,

Chap. 56.

Tit thirty-eighth Tear of George HI.

whom fiich procefs (hall be dire&ed, (hall forthwith iflbe his and their refpedive warrant or warranty for the levying of the fums contained therein, in manner, and dire&ed to the feveral ptrfon and perfons herein after particularly men* tioned.

X.	Apd be it enabled. That fuch procefs (hall be iflued by the comptroller of the pipe, within ten days after the cud of every Eafter and Michaelmas terms, and (hall be returnable refpe&ively, on the firft return day of the next following Michaelmas and Eafter terms, that is to fay, fuch procefs as (hall be iflued after every Eafter term, (hall be returnable on the firft return day of the enfuing Michaelmas term, and fuch procefs as (hall be iflued after every Michaelmas term, (hall be returnable on the firft return day of the enfuing Eafter term* any thing in the faid recited ads to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftauding; and fuch procefs (hall and may, from time to time, be lenewed and iflued, as occafion (hall require, and (hall be delivered to the feveral and refpedive treafurer and treafurers to whom the fame (hall be dire&ed within ten days after the iffiiing thereof, according to the courfe preferibed for the delivery of prOcefs to the colledors of forfeited Recognizances, in and by the faid firft above recited ad.

XI.	And be it cnaded, That the treafurer and treafu-

rers of the refpedive counties, to whom fuch procefs (hall be direded, (hall within fix days after he or they (hall have received the fame, make out his or their warrant or warrants, under his or their refpedive hands and feals, direded ty the refpedive colledors, (yrho by law have been appointed to levy the cefs or rate impofed by the grand jury* for the purpofe qf repairing, widening, or maxing roads* and other publick purpofes), of the refpedive baronies and half-baronies, within the refpedive county or counties in which the refpedive debtors appear by the faid procefs ta refide ; and by the faid warrant, the faid treafurers (hall direct the faid colledors of the refpedive baronies and half baronies in which the faid refpedive debtors appear by the faid procefs to refide, forthwith to levy and raiie the refpedive ium and fums contained therein, out of the body, lands, and goods of the refpedive debtors, contained in fuch procefs* and forthwith to pay over the faid feveral fums of money which he or they (nail or may fo raife, as aforefaid, to the faid tieafurer; apd in the faid warrant or warrants (hall be contained the name,, addition and place of abode of the refpedive debtor and debtors; and the faid treafurer (hall caufc the faid warrant and warrants to %be delivered to the faid refpedive coUe&or or colledors, to whom the fame (hall be deeded, within four days from the making out of the fame. .................................................... XII.	And

' WtUrtf

IhAWiiett lJedon, wbo^by

widening, <

^ W at the HudaHaod^

'■mbfippomtei ifco it which raid, fall refpe

sw (dfidcDt!

tach, esg, dealing - k doe Irrp “4 warrant an

aadMy Ki

*Med, ; bsthtfoA

kvyin ^*tor w;

**bnt,n fl

Digitized by Google

* The thirty-eighth Tear qf George III.

fit

* XII. And be it ena&ed, That all and cwy collector A. D. and collectors, who. by law have been appointed to levy the 1798. ce£s or rate impofed by the grand jury, for the purpofe of Chap. 50. repairing, widening, or making roads, and other public	—J

purpofes, (hall at the ailizes fiibfequent the palling of Colle&or» this ad, and all and every colleCtor and collectors, who (hall l^all enter into In future be appointed by law, for the purpofe aforefaid, at

v	cr	rr	I	•	1	.	'	n	il*	r*	i	11	r\	XOrthc	CXCCUtUMI

the awzes at which they (hall be appointed collectors as 0f this a&.

aforefaid, (hall refpeCtively enter into a recognizance, before

the judge of aflize, in the penal ftsm of (ive hundred pounds,

with two fufficient fureties in the fum of two hundred and

fifty pounds each, conditioned for the well and truly per-.

forming, executing, and fulfilling the purpofes of this ad, and

for the due	arid railing the liim and fums contained- *

in the warra	warrants	of	the faid treafurer and trea-

furers refpeCtively, which (hall or may from time to time be direded to them, and that he and they (hall and will duly and faithfully account on oath, before the grand jury, for all fuch fum and fums contained therein, in manner herein after directed, and will truly and faithfully anfwer on oath, before the (aid grand jury, all fuch queftions touching the raifing, levying, execution, or non-execution of the (aid warrant or warrants, and all fuch other matters touching the fame, as (hall or may be put to him or them, by the laid grand jury; and the faid recognizance and recognizances wall be delivered to the treafurer of the county to be filed by him in the office of tne (aid county treafurer.

XIII.	And he it enaCted, That the feveral collectors to power* of whom fuch procefs (hall be dircCted by the treafurer, (hall collector*, have the fame powers to levy the debts therein to be comprized, and in executing luch procefs as were granted to collectors of forfeited recognizances and fines, by the {aid

recited aCts.

XIV.	Provided always, That every fuch cpllcCtor (hall, Colleflorsto in the firft place, refort to the goods of every perfon againft refoft to good* whom fuch procefs (hall be iffiied, for the levying thereout in preference f the debts due by them, refpeCtively, or fo much thereof as

fuch goods (hall be fufficient to anfwer, and (hall not in any cafe, refort to the body or lands of any fuch perfon, if fuch debts might have been levied out of his or her goods.

XV.	And be it enaCted, That all his Majefty’s judices of Juftices, Brc. the peace, and all high, petty, and fub-conftables, within to alfift collect their refjpeCfive jurifdictions, and all his Majefty’s fubjeCts re- tor,#

fident within the faid feveral and refpeCtive baronies and half-bur onies, (if required by the faid feyeral and refoeCtivc collectors), (hall be aiding and affifting to the faid feveral and re-

fpeCtive collectors, m the execution of the faid procefs. •

XVI. And be it enaCted, That the faid feveral and re- Collector* to fpe&ive collectors as aforefaid, (hall, for the purpofe of this hive lame pow-



%

- V

Digitized by

I

The iUripafkb Yctref CfeorgeJII-

ers * granted kj recited a&a.

Treaforert to

lay procefles be* fbre grand juT

Doty and

iwers of col-

TYeafurers to lay accounts before grand juries.

mtf be deemed collectors of forfeited ircogni&aoces, sn<| (hall kave the fame powers to levy the forfeited recognizances and fines, comprifed in foch procefs, and to commit the bodies of fuch penons as (hall be arrtfted for £uch forfeited recognizances and fines, as were granted to the collectors of forfeited recognizances and fines, by the find recited acts, and with the like redactions; and every (heriff to whofe cudody any perfon (hail be fo committed, for fuch forfeited recognizances and fines, (hall b.e anfwerabk in the fame manner, as is fpccified in the faid recited acts, with re* pect to perfons committed to theiy cudody, by the collectors of forfeited recognizances, and fines.

XVII. And be it enacted. That the refpective treafurer* of every county, on the fird day of every afiizes, to be hereafter held for the ooqnty for which they refpcctively are, or (hall be treafurers, (hall lay before the grand jury of the refpective counties,* the original procefo, for the levying of all forfeited recognizances and fines, which (hall have imied from the office of the comptroller of the pipe, and have been refpcctively received by them, and the names of the collectors to whom they delivered, or caufed to be delivered, their refpective warrant and warrants, for the due levying and executing the fame, impurfuance of this act.

XV1I(. And be it enacted, That exery collector to whon* any fuch warrant or warrants (hall be fo delivered as afore-foid, (hall forthwith proceed tq execute the fame, and (hall have the fame powers in the prefence of the next judice of the peace, refident within thp fame barony, or in default thereof, of a condable of the faid barony, to fummon and tmpannel juries, and hold enquiries upon the feveral matter* incident to the execution of the (aid prooefs, as (herids and collectors of forfeited recognizances and fines have heretofore been inveded with, and every collector (hall forthwith pay over'all and every fum and fums of money which he (hall raife and levy by virtue of the faid procefs to the trtafurer of the county in which the barony or half-barony of which he is, or (hall be collector, is fituated.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the treafurer of the county (hall lay before the grarid jury, at each afiizes, an account of all money paid to him bv each collector, in purfuance of this act; and provided fuch collector (hall have given fecu-rity for the duly levying and paying in the fame, in manned herein before mentioned, that he (hall, upon every fuch payment, allow to every fuch collector as (hall make the fame, the amount of one-third of fuch payment; and likewife upon fuch collector producing the certificate of the (heriff* and affidavit of the gaoler, that any perfon or perfons named*

fluty*

tywfcliwff

* kite* bees

jiiWc&oty fo*

*iofnoi#ycootti

‘«*r other lux < ^uLtlxfcdtrt ; racer third of

-ns bfi bat

•tfknl or Ihe HAod be :

ttftacraghout sir rnrj bs ^tkco'Mv .Iks be I W«i»l W |»3ecare up I from lb ^together * nd nan

kd.

el

s, kail

at! ihall ^ tore

tor

k,

Wie

ki

izedby Googfe

The llmty^ghib Tear ef George IIT«

m fucb proccfii (a warrant for the levying1 of the dim duchy whom fhdl have been received by the faid collector) is and are in hiaco&ody, for default of payment of any fum or funis of money contained therein, it fall and may be lawful for the grand jury, and they are hereby required, out of whatever other fum or fums of money anting by virtue of tbit act, the faid treafurcr (hall then have in his hands, tin prefent one-third of the whole fum for which any perfon or perfons (hall have been fo committed by fuch collector, to the (heriff or (henffs. ^

XX* And be it enacted. That the treafurcr of every county throughout this kingdcun, (hall keep a Separate book, keep a recognU one for every barony andfauf-barony which is contained	to

within the county of which he is, or fall be treafurcr, and **** therein he (hall refpectivcly enter, or caufe to be entered, all and every fuch fum and fums of money, as he (hall or may receive upon account of fines and forfeited recognizances, from the nefpective collectors within the laid county, together with the dates of fuch receipts, and the name and names of the perfon and perfons from whom fuch fum and fums of money fall have been refpectivcly levied.

XXL And be it enacted, That every collector of every OoBedtocs barony, (hall at the afiizes, (for the county in which the barony or half-barony for which he is collector, is fituated), next fubfequent to the time at which fuch warrantor war- * rants (hall have been delivered to him, in manner herein before directed, appear personally before the grand jury of the faid county, and (hall then in the prefence of the trea-furer of the faid county, account on oath before the grand jury, for all and every fum and fums of money contained in fuch warrant or wafranrs, fo directed to him as aforefaid $ and the grand juries of ever}" county refpcctively,^re hereby empowered, authorised, and required to examine the (aid Several collectors, refpectively, touching the foil and due execution, or non-exccution of this act, and* touching all fuch matters and things as (hall- relate to the levying or non-levying the Several fum and fums contained in fuch warrant or warrants, refpectively.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That at every aflizes, ©. juries to the grand jury (hall certify to the judge of aflize, that they certify the eu» have well and duly examined into the execution of this act, within their county, and date therein, whether the fame has been folly executed, or wherein, and by whom there (hall bave.bcen any deficiency or neglect; and the judge of aflize fall, before he fiats any prefentment at fuch aflizes, examine kto fuch certificate and datement, and impofe fines accord-

Tmsfbrat to

Digitized by

Google



The thirty-eigbtb Tear rf George III.

The f

,ing to his difcretion, for all neglect, or mifconduet appear*

ing, and fhall if he (hall think fit, direct the recognizance of the collector to be eftreated, or act otherwise, at (hall

eafurersto credit to

turns » be * by trem-t to comp-arof pipe.

malty on :6tors tak-

s gratuity (dtponc ex-

appertain to juftice, and a due execution of this act

XXIII.	And be it enacted. That the treafurer of every county, (hall fet dpwn to the credit of the feveral and re-Ipectivc baronies and half-baronies, all ftuns of money which (hall have been refpectively levied on perfons rcfiding therein, by virtue of this act, and (hall be charged and chargeable with the fame.

XXIV.	And be it enacted, That the treafurer of each

county refpectively, (hall, on or before the day of the term

fur	-----

next lubfequent to the (aid affixes, return the faid p oerf* fo iffued, as aforefaid, to the office of the comptroller off the pipe, to which he (hall annex, by way of return, a the (aid certificate and (latement, fo directed to be

copy oF the laid certiticate and itatement, lo directed to be made by the faid grand jury in manner herein before directed.

which copy the faid treafurer is hereby requited to verify on oath, before a magiftrate of the (aid county, who is hereby required and authorized duly to attef^ the fame.

XXV. And be it enacted. That if any collector, or

any

other perfon concerned in the execution of this act, (hall alk, demand, or receive any fum or fums of money, gift, gratuity, or reward of any kind whatfoever, for not executing fuen procefs, or to delay or poftpone the execution of fuch proeefs, or (hall accept of a lefs fum upon account, or in payment of fuch fum or fums of money, as (hall or may be contained in fuch procefs, fuch colle&or or other perfon fo offending, (hall, in addition to tlie other penalties to which he or they (hall be refpectively fubje&ed by virtue of this ad, forfeit and pay to every perlbn charged in every fuch procefs, which (hall not be duly executed, or the exe-

cution of which (hall be delayed or poftponed as aforefaid, or for or upon account oF which, lefs than the amount

■heriflfs to ke returns of lorn com-tted.

thereof (hall be received, treble the amount of the fum and fums of money contained in fuch procefo, to be recovered, together with, the full cofts of fuit, by every fuch perfon (o charged in every fuch procefs, by a&ion of debt, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his JVlajefty’.s courts of record in Dublin.

XXVI And be it ena&cd, That every (hcriff into whofe

cuftody any per(bn or perfons (hall.have been committed by me&or, (hall ................................ *

any fuch coUe&or, (hall at the holding of every commiffioa of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, within their refpedive jurifdidions, return to the juftices of oyer and terminer refpedively, a certificate containing the names of the fevei al perfons committed to them refpe&ively, by any fuch colle&or, and who were in their cuftody at any time

during

king the holding I rntr sod trrmtnrr d the times the (or which the wi which of fuch iutbr what auti d rk gaoler of i tSott fich juftices al certificate ; ai dgdwith the cle ^cCbrdy, who f iricked recogniza.] Sthii iCt

XXVII. And 1 srfoch perfons ; id,lull be charge wr fo committed itber are now b] idedof any crirr id ascs, (ave ai k payible to the ik placed to t iviick the perF nddic comptrolh pst fuch (her aforefaid XXVIII. Pro omitted, attd f Tayable as afv inch 'Vriff or (h< rii ifior, ftiall, ha the colletto ar<n producing fienrge of any d copy of the 1 dar^c of any fv d tJit treafurer bn perfon ot p d cprm his or jerfoo fo difeha XXIX. Anr id, heno iho ftiall h ereaf r iicnr in” fki aar herctf *:r i who (hall 't.	-

peved	r-

«:	zl

The tbirty-elghb Tear of George III.

taring the holding of the then next preceding commHfion of oyer and terminer, or have been fince committed to them, and the times they were refpeftively committed, and the fums for which they were fo committed, and whether any, and which of fuch perfons then remain in their cuftody, and if not by what authority they were refpeftively discharged ; and the gaoler of fuch (heriff (hall, by affidavit to be fwom before fuch juft ices of oyer and terminer, verify the truth of laid certificate; and fuch certificate and affidavit (hall be lodged with the clerks of the crown of the Several counties respectively, who (hall annex the fame to the eftreats of all forfeited recognizances and fines returned by them purfuant to this aft

XXVII. And be it enafted, That all (heriffs to whom any fuch perfons as aforefaid, (hall be committed as afore -laid, (hall be chargeable with all films fbi which fuch perfons were fo committed to them refpeftively, in the fame manner fee they are now by law chargeable for fines on perfons convicted of any criminal offences, and committed to them for fuch fines, Save and except that the faid fums (hall be paid and payable to the treafurer of the county, and be by him to be placed to the credit of the barony, or half*baronyi in which the perfon or perfons committed as aforefaid refide; and the comptroller of the pipe (hall iftue his ufual procefs againft fuch (heriffs for the levying of the fame, for the purpofes aforefaid.

XXVIIf. Provided always, That where any perfon fo committed, and for whom any (heriff or (heriffs (hall become chargeable as aforefaid, (hall not remain in the cuftody of fuch (heriff or (heriffs to whom fuch laft mentioned procefs (hall iffue, (hall, upon his or their producing a discharge from the colleftor, by whom any fuch perfon was committed, or on producing an order of the court of Exchequer for the difeharge of any fuch perfon, or upon producing an atteft-ed copy of the warrant bf the judges of affize tor the difeharge of any fuch perfon, or upon producing the receipt of the treafurer of the county, for the whole lum for which fuch perfon or perfons was or were committed, be exonerated upon his or their account, for the fum for which fuch perfon fo difeharged was committed.

XXIX.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be law-fill, from henceforth, for all and every perfon and perfons who (hall hereafter forfeit any recognizance or recognizances, or incur any fine or fines, or againft whom eftreats (hall or may hereafter iffue, by virtue of this aft, or otherwife, and who (hall'find himfelf, herfeJf, orthemfelves refpeftively aggrieved thereby, to go before his Majefty’s commiffioners of reduce incuts, who arc hereby authorized and empowered

to

Sheriffs chargeable with

fums for which perfons committed.

Sheriffs exonerated on producing difeharge*, &c.

Perfons aggrieved may po before conmnf fioner* of re-' ducement?.

Digitized by Google

tlA

A. D<

'79*-Chap. $o.

When fums reduced, per* font to fenre no* ties on comp* t roller in 6 dtyi.

/

Pertbn* In cuftody mar petition judges of aflizc who may difeharge them.

Application of money levied by chiaa&.

The thirty-agkb Tear ?f George lit.

to examine into the fefpc&ivc circnmftanccs of the caie, k a fummary manner, and if they (hall fee fufficient rtafoa, to remit the whole or any part of fuch recognisance, foe, or e&rtat, as they (hall think fit.

XXX.	Provided always. That fuch perfon or perfone fo aggrieved, (hall fo go before hi*6 Majefty’s faid commLfliooen at reducemehts, in the courfe of the term nest previous to the time at which process is by this a& required to be iffued upon the faid recognizance or recognizances, fine or fines, •ftreat or eftreats: and provided alfo, that if fuch perfon oc* perfons (hall (o have gone before his Majefty’s faid commifii-oners, in manner aforefaid, and that they (hall have thought fit altogether to remit, or partially to reduce the fum or {urns contained in the faid recognizance or recognizances, fine or fines, direst or eftreats, that then, and in that cafe, the laid perfon or perfons who (hall refpe&ively have obtained an order of the faid commiftioners for that purpofe, (hall within fin days from the time of obtaining the lame, ferve the £dd order upoo the comptroller of the pipe, or his known deputy* at his office in Dublin, and the laid comptroller of the pipe is thereupon required to iffue no procefs thereon, or to ilFue fuch proccfs, (as the cafe may fo?,) according to the temn of the faid order; and fuch perfon or perfons fo aggrieved as aforefaid, who (hall not comply with the provisions of this ad in this behalf, (h^ll, for ever after, (except aa herein after is excepted,) be for ever foreclofed and debarred from the benefit of his Majefty’s mercy, as to fuch fum or fums of money contained in fuch recognizance or recognizances, fine or fines, eftreat or eftreats.

XXXI.	Provided alfo. That if any perfon or perfons (hall hereafter be committed to the cuftody of any (heriff or fhe-tiffo, for the non-payment of any fum or fums, and being in a&ual cuftody, (hall petition bis Majefty’s court of Exchequer, or the judges of afiizc, upon the refpe&ive cir* cuits, that it ftiaU ard may be lawful to aad for his Majefty** faid court of Exchequer, and the faid judges of aifize, at any time to examine into the fa&s of the (aid petition in a fummary manner ; and if they (hall fee fufficient reafont to

Cnt an order or warrant, (as the cafe may b«l under their ids, to difeharge any perfon or perious fo in cuftody as aforefaid ; which order or warrant, upon being filed whh the clerk of the pipe, (hall, refpe&ively, be an acquittance to the refpe&ive (hcriffs, colle&ors, and treafurthra, for the fum and fums for which the perfon or perions, fo difehirg* ed, was or were in puftody.

XXXII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That all and every fum and fums of money which (hall be levied by virtue o* this a&, and paid to the treasurer of any

county.

Digitized by Gpogle

The thirty-eighth Tar of Gcotjc III.

5*7

county, county of a town or city, (hatt be applied by him* after paying or deducing thereout fuch part thereof as the ©olleftor (hall be entitled to, in aid of the preferments upon the barony, half-barony, of county of a town or cky in which the fame (hall have been levied j that is to fay, the treafurer (hall iffue his warrant for levying, purfuaut to the prefentments at any affixes, fuch fum only as (hall remain to be levied thereon, after deducing theteout, or giving credit therein for all fuch fums as he (hall have £o received by virtue of this aft finoe the lad affizes, or which he (hall have in his hands, to the credit of any barony or half-barony, or county of a town or city in which the fame (hall have been levied, any law, ufage, or cuitom, to the contrary thereof in any yife notwithftandir.g.

XXXIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein con* tatned, fhall extend to deprive any corporation, or any per- Fivc cpn***-fon or perfonsof any rights they now have under their re- 51011*0* fpeftive charters or' patents, to any fines, amercements, ojr recognizances whatfoever.

XXXIV.	And be it enabled, That this aft (hall conti- in force 4 nue in force for four years, provided his prefent Majedy, years, whom Ood long preferve, (hall fo long live, to be computed

from the paffing thereof, and no longer.

Not tods-'

CHAP. LI.

Diftilters to

An A3 fit regulating the Trade of a D/filler, and fir fecuring the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

TJDR the better regulating the trade of a didiller of fpi-■L rits, and fecuring the duties of excife on all fpirits dif-tilled in this kingdom, be it enafted by the King’s mod excel* lent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no per-fon (hall keep in his or her pofleffion, or (hall make ufe of 0bua? lkails tfny dill or other utcnfil for diddling fpirits, unlefs fuch &c> peifon (hall have obtained a licenfe for keeping the fame, figned by one or more of the commiffioners of excife, nor unlefs fuch per ion (hall have entered and regidered in the office of eXcife of the didrift wherein fuch dill or other Utenfil is to be fet at work, his, her, or their name and fur-name, or names and fumames, and place or places of abode, and the place where his, her, or their didillery is fituated, tad the number of dills intended to be kept, and the true wmttnts of each dill, and all veffels to be ofed in his, her,

•r

Digitized by t^ooQle

I

528

The thirty-eighth Tear of George II1.

A. D. 1798.

Chap. 51.

What fhall he contained in li-ctefirt.

As herein fjffccified.

No licctife*. to he granted but wTicre market- are held.

or their diftillery, and the federal apartment or places therein, in which any part of the buiinefa of diddling is to be carried on, and in which any of the materials for dift3-ling (hall be kept, and every place which (hall be ufird by him, he*, or them, for keeping or ftoring fpirits, and the officer of excife (hall thereupon grant a certificate thereof to the perfon or perfons making fuch entry or regiftry, at the foot of a copy of fuch regiftry, which entry or regiftry, or a certificate thereof, (hall be evidence on any queftioa that (hall arife concerning the content of any (till, and oo the trial of any information for any penalty for ufing pri-vate utenfils in diftilling, Qr for any penalty on account of fpirits being found in any (lore not regiftered as afbre-faid.

II.	And be it enafted, That every licenfe to keep a dill or ft ills, (hall be figned by one or more of his M^efty’s chief comtniffioners of excife, and (hall contain the name and furname, or names and fumames of the perfon or perfons whofe dill or Hills (hall be fo licenfed, and his, her, or their place or places of abode, and the place where the diftilling is to be carried on, and (hall exprefs the number of dills which (hall be fo licenfed, and the number of gallons refpe&ively, which each dill is capable of containing ; and every fuch licenfe (hall be of force from the date thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September following, and no longer i and every perfon who (hall didil any fpirits without having fuch licenfe of force, (hall for every time Jic (hall fo diftil, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

III.	And be it enabled, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, no licenfe (hall be granted for the keeping of any ftiU for diddling fpirits or drong waters, which (hall not be capable of containing five hundred gallons, and until the faid twenty-fourth day of June, it (hall be lawful for the (aid commiflioners, or any of them, to grant licenfes for any itiiU of a content not lefs than two hundred gallons each.

IV.	And be it enabled. That do licenfe (hall be granted to any perfon to didill fpirits at any place, ijot being a market town, where one or more market or markets are, and (hall he held weekly, unlefs a gauger (hall be ftationed in fuch place; and that every licenfe to keep a dill, (had be null and void, fo foon as the perfon or perfons who (hall have obtained the fame, (hall remove his, her, or their dif-tillery, to any place from that ex prefled in fuch licenfe, and that no perfon but the perfon named in the licenfe, -(ball be authorized thereby to diftil fpirits at any pbee whatever, and that the perfon named in fuch licenfe, (hall not be thereby

authorized I

I

The thirty-eighth Year of George IIL

authorized to diftil fpirits, fave at the place exprefled in fiich lioenfe.	^

V.	And be it ena&ed, That no licenfe (hall be granted to any perfon to keep any Hill for diltilling ftrong waters* unlefs fuch perfon, with two fufficient furcties, (hall have entered into a bond to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, in a penalty of three hundred pounds, for every dill not exceeding five hunched gallons, and of four hundred pounds, fbr every dill exceeding five hundred gallons, and not exceeding one thoufand gallons ; and of five hundred pounds for every dill exceeding one thoufand gallons, fbr which a licenfe (hall be requited, conditioned that the perfipn or perfons to whom fuch licenfe (hall be granted, (hall work with every of fuch dill or dills, not lefs than one hundred working days, within the time fuch licenfe (hall be of force, and (hall duly pay fuch duties of excife for all fuch quantities of -fpirits or drong waters, a9 by law fuch perfon or perfohs is, are, or (hall be chargeable with, while fuch licenfe (hall be of force.

VI.	And be it cna&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful fbr the chief commiflioners of his Majedy’s revenue, or any three or more of them, to withdraw the licenfe granted to any perfon or perfons to keep a dill or dill?, in cafe he, (he, or they (hall have changed the place of his, her, or their drdillery, or (hall have been legally convi&ed in any court of Cxcife jurifdi£tion, of aqy fraud or offence agaiaft the laws of excife, which (hall fubjedt him, her, or them, to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards.

VII.	And be it enadted, That if any dill, or other uten-

fi! for diddling fpirits,' be found in the pofleffion of any perfon, the fame (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife, judice of the peace, or other peac$ officer, unlefs a licenfe to the perfon in whofe poffeflion the fame (hall be found, for keeping fuch dill, or other atenfil, figned by one or more of the chief commiflioners of excife, (hall be produced at the time of finding fuch ililh and every head of a ftill, *and worm of a dill, which (hall be found in the pofleffion of any perfon, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized in manner aforefaid, unlefs fuch licenfe as nforefaid, for keeping the dill or (tills, to which fuch head of heads, worm or worms, (hall belong, and no other (hail be produced at the time of finding the fame, and every perfon in 'whofe pofleffion fuch dill o> dills, head or heads, worm or worms (hall be found, fbrJl foifeii the fum of twenty pounds for each fuch dill, head or worm ; and all vMTels and men-fils for diddling, or commonly made ul'e of in the procefs of dtftiffixfg, and ail ipirits, Anglings, wadi, and materials , Vojt. XI.	LI	. -tor

5*9

A, D.

1,98. Chap. 51.

Security to be given by diltiilers.

Licenfe may • be withdrawn.

All diddling ntcnfils foumi 1 with uDltccrfed perfons may be feized.

s

Digitized by

Google

5jo

A. D.

1798. Chap. 51.

l/iccft&d dif-en-pow ered to enter

unlireufed dif

tiilcjic*.

Licerfd dif-tiUers to give notice offcix-

TJteufil* tnay cddiftillcrs.

As hereto.

*Hk tbhrty-cighth Tear 9/ George 1 lifer fhxkir.g feints, found in the poffiffinn of any fuch pet* fen as afcrcfiid (hall be forfeited, and may be fei/.ed in manner aforefaid, and the utcnfilsand waffi which ihall be io ieizeti, may be deftroyed and fpilled.

VIII.	And be it cna&ed, That any diftiller veho hath, or (hall have obtained a iieenft foe keeping any ft ill. Ihall have the fame power aod authority as any officer of excife, to enter into any houfe, office, or tenement belonging to any per fen in which any ftill, or worm of a fiill mail be kept, and for the keeping of which fiill, or the ftil! to which fuch worm (hall belong, a lietnfe (hall not have been granted, and to feize and cany away the fame, aod all vcffelt and utenfils commonly tifed in the procefs of diftil* ling, and all waffi or pot-ale foitnd in fuch place ; and that every fuch liccnfed diftiller may deftroy all fuch vcfieU and titenfils, and fpill all waffi aod pot-ale# in every cafe where any officer of his Majeftr*s rrvenuc may deftroy or fpill the fane ; and every fuch licenfcd diftiller, who (hall feize any ur'icenfed ftill or worm, (hall upon condemnation thereof, have ami receive one nloiety of the produce of any fuch ftill or worm feized by him ; and alfo one moiety of all penal* ties to which any per fon in whofe pofleffion fuch ftill (hall be found# ffiaH be fubjeftf on account of having fuch ftOl ia hie or her pofleffion, and of the fums which are hereby to be recovered, as herein after dtre&ed, off pariffiea, aod other places in which unlicetiftd ft ills (hall he Ieized.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That every li-Cenfed diftiller, who (hall feize any unlicenfed ftill, or worm of a ftill, (hall withiu fix days from the time of feizore,give notice thereof to the colle&or of the diftrift, or to the uext tefident officer of excife, who (hall immediately after iuck

. notice, take into his cuftody fuch ftill or worm, and fccure the lame in like manner at if they had been feized by any officer of excife.

X.	Provided alfo, That where any utenfil or veffd for diftilling, or any wafh (hall be fo feized, it (hall and may be lawful for the officer of excife to fell the fame to any li-ccnfcd dilt flier, provided fuch waffi (hall fell for the fum equal to the duty chargeable thereon, otherwife fuch waft ftafl be fpilled, and in cafe fuch waffi (hall be fold, the pur* chafer thereof (hall pay the collector of the diftri& where fuch diftiller ffiaH refide, excife for the fame, in like manner as for any other part of the ftock, together with, the purchafe money thereof.

XL Piovtded alfo. That no brazier or manufa&urer of metal, (hall be fubjeft to any penalty or forfeiture for having any ftill or head of a ftill or worm, in his or her pot-fcffion, fo that fuch brazier or manufacturer of metal, (ball

have

Digitized

i by Google

Thi thirty-eighth Year of George HI.:

bare a licenfe for making the fame in cafes where fuch II-cenfe is required.

XII.	And be it ena&ed. That no brazier, orother per-fon dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other manufa&ured metal, foall make or have in his pofleflion, any ftill or black-pot, the contents whereof (hall be lefs than five hundred gallons, without firft having obtained a licence from one or more of the commiflioners of excife, for making the fame ; and if any brazier or other perfon as aforefaid, (hail make or have in his pofleflion, fuch ftill or black-pot, without fuch licenfe, or if fuch ftill or black-pot fhall be found in the pofleflion of any brazi<y, or other perfon as aforefaid, who (hall not produce a licenfe for making or keeping the fame, fuch brazier fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and fuch ftill or black-pot fh^Ube forfeited and feized.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That every brazier, or other perfon who fhall make any ftill what foever, fhall before he or fhe fhall difpofe of the fame, ftamp on the breaft of fuch ftill, over that part thereof, where the cock of fuch ftill fhall be placed, and alfo on the h^ad of fuch dill, his, or her name and furname, and place of refidence, and the name and furname, and place qf refidence of the perfon to whom he fhall difpofe of the fame, at full length, in Roman letters, and the number of the year of our Lord God, in which fuch ftill fhall be difpofed of, and the number of gallons which the fame fhall be capable of containing, in figures, fuch letters and figures to be, funk in the metal of fuch ftill, and not lefs than half an inch long, or (hall, for every default therein, forfeit the fum of ten pounds; and if any fuch ftill fhall afterwards be enlarged, the brazier or perfon enlarging the fame, (hall in like manner ftamp the number of gallons fuch ftill fhall be capable of containing, after the enlargement thereof, or fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XIV.	And be it ena&cd, That no brazier or manufacturer of metal, or other perfon, fhall convey, or peimit to~ be conveyed from his ftores, houfe, or out-houfe, to any perfon whomfoever, any ftill, unlefs a permit granted by the proper officer for the removal of fuch ftill, fhall have been obtained by fuch brazier, manufa&urcr, or other perfon, and fuch permit fhall contain in the body thereof, the names and furnames of the brazier, manufa&urer, or other peifon who made fuch ftill, and of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch ftill is intended to be fent, and alfo the number of gallons which fuch ftill may contain; and if any perfon fhall convey, or permit to be conveyed, any ftill from hi* ftores, houfe, or out-houfes, without fuch permit, every fcch perfon (hall forfeit the fnm of ten pounds.

I 1 3	XV.	And

Braziers not to have ftills of lefs than Soo

gallons, without cenfe.

Braziers to. ftamp ftills, as herein directed.

xol. penalty on ftills without permits.

Stills without permits may be fjrized.

Pcrfom to give up permits within 48 hours.

Quarterly rrrurn‘ to be made as hrrein.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

XV.	And be it ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for any officer of excife to feize every ftill which Audi be found conveying or conveyed, and for the conveyance of which fuch permit (ball not be produced, and that no permit (hall he granted for the conveyance of any ftill to any perfon other tfutn a perfon licenfed to keep a ftill

XVI.	And be.it enabled, That the perfon to whom any ftill (ball be conveyed, (hall within forty-eight hours after the arrival of fuch ftill, deliver up the permit under which Inch ftill was conveyed, to the proper officer, who (hall thereupon grant a certificate to fuch perfon in lieu thereof; and if any ftill (hall be found in the pofifedion of any perfon after the expiration of forty-eight hours from the arrival thereof, without producing fuch certificate, fuch ftill (hall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized.

XVIT. And be it ena&ed, That every brazier or other perfon dealing in mnnufodiured metal, (hall on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of Septemlxrr, and twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, return a true account to the collector of the diftridt in which he or (he (hall refide, under his or her hand, or the hand of fome known cleik, of every ftill fold by him or her within the then preceding three months, and the name and furname of the perfon to whom each fuch dill was fold, and his or her place of rcfidence, and the number of gallons every fuch (till (hall be capable of containing, and (hall for any default therein forfeit the fum 6f ten pounds.

XVIII.	And be it cna&cd, That if any dill (had be kept or ufed by any didiller, who (hall have a licenfe for keeping any dill or dills, and that any fuch dill fo kept or

t ncj'teized ufed, (nail be of the contents of four gallons more than the 1 aol. penalty contents of the dill for which fuch licenfe fhall have been on diftiUcr*. granted to fuch didiDer as aforefaid, then, and in ever)* fuch cafe, every fuch dill fo exceeding the contents of the ftill defcribtd in fuch licenfe ; as alfo every dill which by any device or incans ufed in condru&ing the head thereof, or other wife, (hall be capable cf containing above four gallons more than the quantity ex prefled in the licenfe, fhall be deemed *an unlicenfed dill, ar.d (hall and may be forfeited and feized, and the did die r who (hall keep or ufe the fame, fhali forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; and fuch didiller fhall he charged with, and pay the duty of fo much fpirits as he or (he ought to have been charged with, according to the real contents of every fuch dill.

XIX.	And be it ena&ed,’ That no didiller of fpirits (hall fet any dill to work for the pvrP°^c of brewing any wafh or

pot-

Stilb chaining more than'a p;.iIon» ov r the amity men-

Stills to hr fct in or ftene ttnd mortar.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

pot-ale, or of diftilling, unleft fuch ftill be fet up to the bread thereof in a furnace of brick or ftone, with mortar of lime or fand $ and every ftill which (hall be found at work, and (hall not be fet and fixed as aforesaid, (hall be forfeited

and may be feized,	_ w_______

XX.	And be it enaQed, That every diftiller of fpiritt, for not provii (hall provide at hit or her expence, fuch faftenings or locks or Payin£ and keys to the head, furnace, door, and cocks of every fo* faftenmgs, ft ill, as (hall be approved of by the infpe&or or furveyor of 10	y

cxcife of the diftri<Efc where fuch diftiller reiide9, or (hall pay for fuch faftenings, locks and Jteys, as (hall be ptovided by the infpe&or or furveyor for fccuring the fame,, and if any diftiller (hall not provide, or pay for fuch faftenings, locks and keys, or if at any time any fuch faftenings, locks, or keys, (hall be broken, or be out of older, and fuch diftiller (hall not pay for repairing the fame, every fuel* diftiller (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXI.	And be it ena&ed, That every diftiller of fyirits, Diftillersto who (hall have any (bill or ftills of three thoufand gallons he charged in content each, and upwards, (hall be charged with, and pay ^eeMtemsof cxcife for fifteen charges of low wines for every fuch Ml, ^ am, as for twenty-five working days next after the day on wlnth herein menu] fuch ftill or ftills refpcdlively, purfuant to the regulations o£ onc<k this adt, (hall from time to time be unlocked, or fet at work; and every diftiller who (hall have any ftill or ftills under three thoufand gallons content each, and not lefs than two thou* fand five hundred gallons content, (hall be charged with, and pay excife for fixteen charges of low wines for every fuch dill or ftills, for twenty-live working days ne$t after the day on which fuch (lid or ftillsrefpettiyely (hall be fo unlock* cd, or fet at work ; and every diftiller who (hall have any (lilt or ftills und, r two thoufand five hundred gallons content each, and not lefs than two thoufand gallons content,

(hall be charged with, and pay excifc for feventeen charges of low wines for every fuch (till or ftills, for every twenty-five working days next after the day on which fuch ftill or ftills rcfpe&ivdy (hall be fo unlocked of fet at work and every diftiller who (hail have any ftill under two thoufand gallons content each, and not lefs than one thoufand five hundred galjons content, fhall be charged with, and pay excife for eighteen charges of low wines, for every twenty-five working days next after the day on which fuch ftill or ftills fhall be fo unlocked, or fet at work ; and every* diftiller, who fhall have any ftill or ftijls, under one thoufand five hundred gallons content each, and not lefs than one thoufaqd gallons content, fhall b$f chargeable with, and pay

excite

lol. Penalty

v

Digitized

r

*9

S

\

r

i

/

*

53 4 A. D.

1798

Chap. 51.

Clime for dills at herein.

The ibirty^ighh Tear tf George UI.

„ excife for twenty charges of low wines for every fuch fKU or dills, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which fuch ftill or dills refpeftively (hall be unlocked, or fa at work ; and every drfttller (hall be charged With, and pay cxcifc in the like proportion, in refpeft to the contents of his or her dill or dills, for every fubfequent day, until the time of difeontinuing to work with his or her dill or ftHls^ which fhall be fpecified in any notice which (ball be given to the chief commiffioners, colleftor, furveyof, and gauger, purfuant to this aft, of fuch didilkr’s intention fo to discontinue, and until the work* in which his or her dill or dills refpeftively is, are, or fhall be fet, (hall be taken down, and until fuch dill or dills (hall be locked, as by this aft is direfted, and fhall alfo be charged with, and pay excife for as much more pot-ale, wafh, low wines, finglings, or fptriu, as he or fhe fhall didil within fuch twenty-five working-days, and every fuch fubfequent day, over and above the refpeftive quantities aforefaid; and fuch diftiller fhall be allowed thirty (hillings out of the charge of exqife, for re^ building the works neccfTary for fetting each fuch dill.

dXXlI. And be it enafted. That every diftfller, who fhaU haWe any dill or dills, under one thoufand gallons content each, and not lefs than five hundred gallons content, fhall be charged with, and pay excife for twenty-three charges of l6w wines, for every fuch ftill, for every twenty-five working days next, after the day on which fuch dill or dills fhall from time to time be unlocked, or fet at work as aforefaid ; and every dmiller who (hajlhave any dill or (tills under five hundred gallons content each, and not lefs than two hundredgal-l6ns content, fhall be charged with, and pay excife for thirty chnrges of low wines, for every twenty-five working day$ next after the day on which fuch dill or ft ills refpeftively fhall be unlocked or fet at work as aforefaid, and every di:i tiller fhall be charged with, aqd pay excife in the like proportion, in refpeft of the contents of his or her dill or dills for every fubfequent day, until the time of difeontinuing to work with his or her dill or dills, which fhall be fpecified in any notice which fhall bf given to the chief com-miflioners, colleftor, furveyor and gauger, purfuant to this aft, of fuch didiller’s intention fo to difeontinue, and until fuch dill or dills refpeftively fhall be locked, and the worm or worms of fuch dill or dills refpeftively difplaced and removed out of the worm-tub or worm-tubs thereunto belonging, as by this aft is direfted, and fhall alfo be charged with, and pay excife for as much more pot-ale, wafh, low yvines, finglings, or fpirits, ai he or fhe fh*ll didil withift fuch twenty-five working days, and every fuch fubfequent

&y»

Digitized by v^ooQle

The tbfrty-eightb Tear of Georg® III.

day, over and above the refpe&ive quantities aforefaid \ and fuch diftiller (hall be allowed twenty (hillings for replacing the worm of every (till of live hundred gallons content, and iipwHitls, and twelve (hillings for replacing the worm of every (till of two huudred gallons, and lefs than five hundred gallon 5* content.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed, T^at every diftiller of fpi-rits, (hall, under his or her own hand, or the hand of fome tries, Sec to be perfon for whom he or (hall be refponlible, weekly, that J^<le . is to lay, on or before Saturday in every week, make true entry at the excife office in^which fuch diftiller (hall carry blc doty, 9fc* on the bufinefs of diftilling, of the quantity of (piiita for , which fuch dill’Her is or (hall by law be chargeable with duty, for and during the week ending Saturday next preceding, nod (hall at the fame time pay and clear off, or caule to be paid and cleared off the whole of the excife by him or her payable for the fame, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds fjr every fuch omiffion, neglect, or default of entry find payment, together with a fum equal to double the duty ^ returned by the gauger or gaugers, to have incurred by fucH diftiller for fuch week j which entry and payment of duty, at the t\me, and «n the manner herein mentioned, (hall be in lieu of the entry and payment of duty enjoined by'any law or laws heretofore made, and the, faid peqahy on tkiaulj (hall be in lieu of all penalties for default of weekly entry, and payment of duty for fpirits, impofed by any law or laws heretofore made.

XX tV. And be it ena&ed* ^ai a* often as apy officer when officer* or officers of excife (hall make out any return of the quan- takeout rc-( tity of fpirrta which any diftiller from wa*b (hall have dif- turns of fpirits, piled within any period, and of the duty payable for the Y »ifo fame, in order that fuch return may be a charge again ft fucji	of™Q*

diftiller, the officer or officers of excife (hall take ai\ account maltufcd, &c. of all malt confuted by fuch diftiller in making of the quantity of fpirits comprized in fuch return, as well ma|£

\\hicb (hall have been piad^ by fuch diftiller, as malt which (itch distiller (hall have received by permitwhich account ffial\he ipade out from the permits granted for conveying fuch malt from the malt (lores into the jdiflillcry of fucii. diftiller $ and if any fuch diftiller ftpdl not make it appear by fuch permits that he bath con fumed ip his diflillery, in the making of fuch quantity of fpirits, ope barrel of malt for every (even gallons of fpirits, of which* the officer or officers (hall have takd) an account as having been diddled W’ithin fuch period, every fpeh, diftiller (hall in every hich {$turu be charged with fuch further fum as (hall be equal to

4	the

4	'

Weekly en-

- ‘

___________'	_	itizadja^il

The thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.

the duty of the quantity of malt which (hall be deficient of the (aid quantity of one barrel to every feven gallons of fpirits; and fuch further fum (hall be returned by the officer of excife, as a charge on fuch diddler, in the fame manner as any duty on fpirits is made a charge again ft any diftiller; and the fame (hall be paid at the lame time, and under the like penalty as the duty of fpirits diftilled by fuch diftiller is by law to be paid; and if the quantity of fpirits made from fuch malt (hall not amount to the rate of five gallons of fpirits for every barrel of fuch malt, the diftiller,, over and above the duty of excife for fuch quantity of fpirits as (hall appear to have been made from fuch malt, (hall in every fuch return be charged with fuch further fum as (hall be equal to the duty on fpirits, at the rate of five gallons of fpirits for every barrel of fuch malt, ^nd fuch further fum (hall be returned by the officer of excife as a charge on •fpeh diftiller, in the farpe manner "as any duty on fpirits is made a charge, and the fame (hall be paid at the fame timej and under the like penalty as the duty of fpirits diftilled by fuch diftiller is by law to be paid.

XXV. And whereas officers of the revenue in making the weekly returns required by law to be made by#them, of the quantities of fpirits for which diftilltrs are chargeable with duty, may errontoufly return lefs quantities than fuch diftil-lers ought to be chargeable with duty for, and the difeovery thereof may not be made until after the time when the charge of fuch duty ought to be made, and it may be difficult to ascertain the particular week or weeks in which fuch duty wa3 chargeable or accrued : be it ena&ed, That if any erroneous return or returns (hail be made of any quantity of fpirits, for »which any diftiller ought to have been charged with duty within any period, the duty of* fuch fpirits returned by fuch officer, (hall be deemed, and taken to have accrued in the particular week for which fuch return (hall have been fo made by fuch officer, and fuch return (hall be a charge on fuch diftiller, for fuch week.

________________ XXVI.	And be it ena&ed, That the gauger or other offi-

tion of liccnfes, ccr of excife, (hall, at or after the expiration of thelicenfe of gaugers are to every diftiller, make a like retqrn to the colle&or of the whereb^113 ^iftriH, °* fQCH quantity of fpirits of ftrong waters, and as ercin.	^he duties thereon, as with the quantities comprized in

former returns of fpirits, diftilled by fuch diftiller, during the time his or her licenfe was of force, (hall amount to the full quantities for whi$h fuch diftiller is by this aft qhargcable with duty, in refpeft'of the quantity which his or her Hill or ftills is or are capable of containing, for one hundred working days; and luch return (hall be a charge on the diftiller in the fame manner as the aforefaid weekly return is by

this

Diftiller* chargeable for deficiencies in former returns, dec.

On expira-

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

tins a€t made a charge; and every fuck diftiller (hall be charged with, and be fulieft to the payment of the duties of the quantities cxprefled in fuch return, during the period comprised therein, and (hall pay the duty appearing by fuch return to have incurred, at fuch time as by this aft any diftiller is required to, pay thedilties comprifed in any return of fpirits djftilled by him or her, or (hall, fur every default, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, together with afum equal to double the duty fo returned by the gauger, or other officer of excife, to be payable by fuch diftiller,

XXVII.	And be it enafted, That the tender dr payment of any fum, (hort of any duty returned by any officer of excife, to be payable by any diftiller, ihall not exempt fuch .diftiller from the payment of any part of any penalty aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted. That all ftills, worms, ftiil- heads, and other utenfils and veflels for diftilling, ufed in any diilillery, into whole hands foever the fame ihall pome, aod by what conveyance or title foever the fame (hall be claimed, (hall be liable and fubjeft to, 3nd are hereby charged witty all debts and duties of excife, which (hall be in arrear, and owing by any perfon or perfons for any fpiri-tuous liqqors made within fuch diilillery, and (hall alfo be fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the perfon or perfons uiing fuch diftillery, fpr any offence againfi the laws of excife; and it (hall be lawful, in all cafes, to levy fuch debts, duties, penalties and forfeitures, out of fuch utenfils as it would be lawful to do, in cafe the diftiller owing fuch debts and duties, and incurring fuch penalties and forfeitures, were refpeftiyely the real proprietor of fuch utenfils.

XXIX.	And to prevent diftiller* of fpirits running in arrear for the duties of excife, an<j before judgment on any ^formation for the penalties for not paying fitch duties can be obtained, from fecrcting or carrying away their diltiiliug utenfils, and the fpjrits pi (filled by them, be it enafted. That if any diftillel of fpirits (hall fuffer any duty of excife to remain due for three weeks after the fame ought to have teen paid, it (hall be lawful for the colleftor of excife of the dlftrift, by warrant under his hand and feal, to empower any perfon or perfons, to feize al) coppers, dills, worms, ftiil heads, and all other veffels and utenfils for diftilling, ufed in any diftillery belonging to fuch diftiller fo running in arrear, and all fpirits in his poffeffion, and to detain the fame until fuch diftiller (hall have paid fuch arrear of excife, and the penalties incurred by default of payment thereof; and if fuch excife and, penalty (hall not be paid within ten days after judgment (nail be obtained on any information for fuch penalties, all fuch utenfils and vcffds, and

fpiriti,

Payment part, nut to exempt penalty*

Utenfils liable to duties of excife.

Utenfils and fpirits ruay be fuzed when duty is three weeks in arrear, fee.

t*

Digitized by

Google

53*

7he thirty-eighth Tebr	George IIL

Tn what cafes diftillert may replevin.

r I>tlWlcra whofe fpirits are feired, may get permits for removal.

When a <lif-tlller oojec<8 to officer's return, he (hall not he chargeable, un-Ida as herein.

fhall be fold by public cant, by virtue of a w?nrant*i fuch judgment 5 and if after payment of fuch arrear of excife and penalties, together yrith the coils and cip^nro attending the recovery thereof, there fhall be any furplui of the produce arifiug from the fade of fuch uteniUi; and veffeh, and fpirits, fuch furplus (hall be forthwith tendered and paid to the difliller whole utenfils, vcffels, pr fpirits, (hall be fold as aforefaid.

XXX.	Provided always. That yrhert any fuch fdzure and detention (hall be made, and the collefhor caufmg the Came to be made, (hall not within fourteen days after (be making thereof, caufe an information tp be filed fbr the penalty tor not paying the arrear of cxcifie ajlcdged to be doe, and (hall notcailfe the (kmc to be proceeded on In fuch manner as that judgment may b< p?onounped[ thereqn, yrithin thirtr-one days after the making of fuch fetaure, then, and in either of fuch cafes, and not otherwife, it (hqll be lawful for the difliller whofe utenfils and vcflHt, pr (pit its, fhall have been fo feized and detained, to retake the fame by virtue or replevin, in fuch manner aa replevin may \>c made of any goods diftrained for rent.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, That where any fuch feizure of (pints (hall be made, it (hall be lawful for the dilliiler, whofe (pints (hall have been fo feized, to obtain permits for con. veying away any of fuch (pints, upon his having paid to the collector towards difeharging fuch arrear, the value of fuch fpirits, as he (hall defire to remove, and the fame may accordingly be removed.

XXXII.	And whereas, by law, the returns made by gaugers to the commiflioners, fub-comtniffioncrs, or cgUtic-tors' of excife, on fpirits diddled, are a charge upon diflil-lcrs, who are obliged to pay excife accordingly, in cafe fuch returns exceed what the dtfttllers (hall upon their entries charge themfelves with^ and npt otherwife; the**-fore jn ordfr, as much as may be, to prevent difputes concerning the duties charged by fuch returns upon iftillen, and to guard againft errors of the officers therein, be it ena&ed, That as often as any diftiUer (hall objeft to the quantity of duty chaiged again It him, in any return to be made by any officer, in’ purlyance of this a6t, fuch return (hall be verified by th? oath of fuch officer or officers as are competent thereto, tp b$ made before one of the chief commiflioners or fub^corairnffioncrs pf excife, and that fuch return is ti ue and fair, according to the beft of his (kill and knowledge, and thereupon Tuch return (hall be a charge upon the diftiller difputing the fame, aod not otherwife: provided always. That fuch dilliiler (hall not be at liberty to controvert fuch return or charge, and no officer

.	•	flA

Digitized by

Google

- -*L



The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

fhall be required to verify the fame as aforefaid, unlefs fuch diftiHer (hall have made a regular weekly entry, or return, of tire quantity of fpirits by him diftillcd, and of the duties with which fuch diftiller is chargeable, nor unlefs he (hall Have objected'to the return mude by the officer, wit in one week after the fame (hall have beqn made.

XXXIII.	And be it enabled, ^hat every diftiller, after aviy licenfe to keep a ftill or (fills, (hall be granted to him or her, (hall before he or (he (hall begin to work with fuch ftill or (tills, give four days notice in writing, to the furveyor or gauger of the walk in which his or her difiillery is carried on, of the time when he or (he (hall fo begin to work 5 and that every diftiller who (hall intend to difeontinue diftil-ling, with all or any of his or her (till or ltills, may from time to time, after twenty-eight days, from the day of uh-locking fuch (till or Hills refpectively, as herein after mentioned, difeontinue diddling with any fuch dill or (tills, fuch diftiller giving notice in writing, of fuch his or her intettion, to the chief commiflioners of his *1aje(ly,s revenue, and to the colle&or of the di(tri£t, and the furveyor and gauger of the walk wherein fuch diflillety (hall be carried on, fuch aotjcq to be delivered to them refptftivcly, fix days btroic the day fuch diftiller intends to difeontinue, and requiring that his or her (till or ftills4 fo intended to be difeontinued from diddling, may be locked on a d ry therein named; and * in cafe of .1 (till of one thoufand gallons content, or upwards, fuch notice, fpecifying that the works in which the fame is let (hall be taken down; and in cafe a (till or (tills, under one thoufand gallons content, fuch notice, fpccitying that filch diftiller will caufe the worm or worms thereunto belonging, to be difplaced and removed out of the worm tub3 ; a.nl thereupon, and upon fuch diftiller caufing the works in which fuch (till of one thoufand gallons content, or upwards, (hall be fet to be taken down ; and upon fuch diftiller dif-placing and removing, or caufing to be difplaced or removed, clrar out of the worm-tub or tubs, the worm or worms to fuch (t il or (tills, under one thoufand gallons refpectively belonging, and laying the fame on the ground near the tub or tubs, in which the fame was or were fixed, it (halt then be lawful for the gauger or furv'eyor to (trap down and lock, on the head of every fuch (till or (tills, fo intended to be difconti-pued as aforefaid, and to lock the door of the furnace-gra^e, and (top and lock the difeharge-cock or pipe of every fuch dill or (tills 5 and if the furveyor or gauger, (hall be prevented from fo doing, by any perfon at fuch diilillery, or by me^ns of the diilillery being locked, and no perfon appearing to give him entrance or otherwife, or if any ftill or ftil^ (hall $0t t>c locked, or if the works in which the ftill, if of the Vv	.	content

Notice to bo eiv-n to officers by diftillers, when they intend to b.’gin, and when'to dileontinue, as herein directed.

Digitized by

Google

A, D.

1798. Chip. 51.

The thirty-eighth Tear 0/ George IIL

content of one thoufimd gallons or upwards, (hall be fet* (hall not be taken down, or if the worm or worms belonging to any dill or ftOls, under one thoufand gallons content, fliall nut be difplaccd, removed, and laid down as afore {aid. Or if fuch diftuler (hall omit fo to deliver as aforefaid, any fuch notice as aforefaid, fuch didiller {hall continue to be charged with, and (hall pay excife, as if he had not riven^futh notice to difeontinue diddling with fuch flill or

Dtftilkra to XXXIV. And be it ena&ed, That any didiller who give notice of (hall for a time difeontinue diddling in manner aforefaid, and Sk t*°woA^t defire to fct work again, with any dill or dills fo dif* herei^dire&oL* Opntinued, (hall deliver to the chief commiffioners of hit Majedy’s revenue, eight days before the day he or flic fhall intend to begin to work again, and to the colle&of df the diftrift, and to the furveyor amj guager of the walk wherein fuch didUlery (hall be earned on, fix days before the faid day, 1	notice	in	wnting	of	the day ip which he or die fliall intend to

begin to work again with any fuch dill or dills, and the furveyor or gauger {hall upon fuch notice open the locks and fattening* of the dill or dills of fuch didiller which (hall be mentioned ip fuch notice, and fuffer the worm or worms of fuch dill or ddls, under one thoufand gallons each •ontent, which fliall have been fo removed, to be replaced, and (hall charge him or her with excife as herein mentioned $ and if any fuch didiller fliall work any fuch dill, without having delivered as aforefaid, every fuch notice, fuch didiller fhall forfeit ^>r every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds.

50I. penalty XXXV. And be it ena&ed. That if at any time fpbfe-en finding a (fill, quent to twenty-four hours, after any ftill ffiall have been 6cc. warm after locket), or after the time mentioned in fuch notice as afore-24 hours from {aid, of tjifcontinuipg the working of any dill, fuch ftill, or the locking.	works	in	which	it	is	or (hall be let, (hall be found warm; and

in cafe of a ftill under one thoufand gallons content, if at any time fubfequent to twenty-four hours after the worm thereunto belonging was removed out of the worrmtub, fuch worm (hall be replaced, or if the worm-tub or water therein to any fuch dill belonging, (hall be found warm, the didiller in whofe pofftlpon the fame (hall be fo found, (hall forfeit th$ fum of fifty pounds, unlefs fuch ftill (hall have been opcq upon a new declaration, jn manner aforefaid.

... ,	.	XXXVI.	And	be	it	ena&ed.	That	when any officer of

with waft” om cxc,^e fhall find any ftill of any diftdler of fpirits, charged £rrn, fcc fcc. with waih of liauor brewed from corn, fuch officer (hall charged as	charge fuch diftiller with duty for as much fpirits as one-

badJL. "	ninth part of the content of every fuch dill (hall amount to;

or if any dill charged with waih nude from fugar, mola&i.

The thiriy-etgbtb Tear of George III. *

w decayed wines, fuch officer (hall charge fuch di{Idler with duty for as much (pints as one-fixth part of the content of fuch ftill or dills (nail amount to, deducing one-feventh part of the whole content of every fuch dill for liberty for fuch dill or dills to work ; and that when any officer of ex-cife (hall find any dill charged with low wines extra&ed fvom corn, fuch officer (hall charge fuch didiller with duty for fo much (pints as two-fifth parts of the whole content of fuch dill (hall amount to ; or if fuch dill be charged with low wines made from fugar, molafles, or decayed wines, fuch officer (ball charge fuch didiller with duty for as much ' fpirits as one-half part of the content of fuch dill (hall amount to, deducting one-twelfth part of the whole content of fuch dill for liberty for fuch dill to work.

XaXVII. And be it ena&cd, That if any officer of Penalty»» cxcife (hall find any dill at work, and the didiller, or any h*^11 for evad-perfon employed by him or her, (hall refufe to declare what duty* is then in the dill, it (hall be lawful fbt fuch officer of cx-. cife to charge the diftfiler as if fuch dill was filled with low wines, and fuch didiller fhall pay the duties accordingly; and if any didiller, or any perlon employed by him, fhall (hew the dock of fuch didiller to the gauger, and (hall declare any part of fuch didiller’s dock to be feints, and that it fhall be found that nine gallons thereof fhall produce more than one gallon of proof fpirits, then and in fuch cafe, all the liquors fo declared as faints, or found concealed after declaration, (hall be forfeited, and the perfon fo offending fhall forfeit twenty (hillings for every three gallons thereof; and if any didiller, or his or her fervant, (nail declare that any dill of fuch didiller is charged with or diddling faints, fuch didiller, or his or her fervant, (hall at the requed of fuch officer of cxcife, work off the contents of fuch dill in the prefence and according to the dire&ion of fuch officer, . without dopping it, or caufing it to run foul, and (hall put put the produce thereof into a veffel or veffels capable of containing not left than one hundred gallons each, as fuch officer fhall dire&, without wilfully wading or dedroying any part thereof, and it (hall be found that the produce of any fuch dill (hall amount to more proof fpirits than one-ninth part of the contents of fuch dill, allowing one-feventh of the contents thereof for working, fuch didiller (hall for every gallon of proof fpirits fo produced over and above the faid ninth part, forfeit twenty (hillings; the drength of fuch fpirits and fuch liquors as (hall be declared as faints, to x be determined by the hydrometer ufed for proving the drength of imported fpirits; and if it (hall be found that either fait, fugar, fyrup, or any glutinous matter, be mixed with any fpirits, or any liquor declared as

faints,



\

Digitized by

Google

A. D.	faint?, f:> sis to prevent their ftrength being known by the

1798.	hyd'Oir.-ter, or otherwise* the difhllcr in whofe cuftndy fuch

Chap. 51. liquor declared as faints, and fo mixed, or fuch fpirits fo

V—«—. nv.xed, fha’l be four.d, (hall forfeit the fnm of twenty pounds, together with fuch liqdor or fpirits 5 and if fuch diHiller, or his (*• vant or fervants, fhall refufe to work off fuch ftill, or fhall (lop it when fet to work, 0/ fhall fpiU <»r deflroy of the produce, fuch diftQler fhall forfeit the fum ot fifty pounds.

XXXVill. And be it envied, That it fhall be lawfid for any officer of excife keopimr an account of wafh, pcf-ale, and low wines of any diflfller, upon any decrrxfe of wafh made of liquor brewed or made from corn, to charge fuch difliller with as much fpirits as one-ninth partj»f the wafh fo d^crcafrd fhall atoount to, or with as many gallons of fpirits as two-fifth parts of the firft cxtra&ion from fuch wafh calVd low wines,, fo decreased, fhall amount to; and upon dta afe of any wafh made of fugar or molaffes, or decayed wines, to charge fuch diililler with one-fixth part as fpn hs, or with as many gallons of fpirits as one-half of the firft ex*.iaA,\»n of low wines made from fugar, molaflhs, or decayed wines, fhall amount t#', and fuch diililler (hall pay the duty fo charged.

Allowance on XXXIX. And be it ena&cd, That every difliller who wafh at herein, fhall make ufe of any ftill of the content of one thoufand gallons, or upwards, fhall on' payment of the duties on all wafh d’fl lled in every fuch ft ill, be allowed out of fuch duties, at the rate of fixteen pounds per centum of fuch duties, and every difliller who fhall make ufe of any ftill of five •	hundred gallons, and under one thoufand gallons, fhall on

payment of the duties on all wafh diftilled in every fuch ftill, be allowed out of fuch dutiea, at the rate of eight pounds per centum of fuch duties.

\Cafh not dif- XL. Andt0 Prevcnt diftillers from keeping their backs tilled in time or vefTcls filled for many weeks, under pretence that their herein Ipecified pot ale or wafh requires a length of time for the proper changed at new fcrmcntation thereof, by which means they frequently work off the contents of fuen backs privately, and replace the 1 fame with concealed pot-ale or wafh j be it cna&ed, That all pot-ale or wafh made of com, which fhall not be diflilled in feven days, including the day of brewing and the day of diflilling, and all fujptr-wafh, or wafti made of molaffes, which mall not be diflilled in fourteen days, including the day of breaking down the molaffes or fugar with water, and the day of diflilling, and all WRfh made of fweet waters which fhall not be diflilled in feven days, including the day of receiving and the day of diftillin^ the fame, (hall be coo-fidered as new wafh, and chanrcd with duty accordingly.

XLL And

Charge* to be made for dr-criafc of wafh, fire.

Digitized

:ed b. Google

■>

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

543;

XLT. And he it funher ena&ed, That no didiUcr (hill	A- D.

keep in hifor her pofllilion, or (hall make ufe of any back	1798.

or other veflel for fermenting any pot-ale or wa(h, which (hall Chap. 51. not contain four hundred gallons at the lead, ©r (hall put in-	>,

to, or let in any back, cooler, or other veffcl, at any one	Whit qiian-

time> a fmaller quantity of wort or pot-ale, or wa(h of pro-lades or fugar, than four hundred gallons, or make ufe of	**

any veflel to contain low wines or Anglings, which fliall be of lefs content than the full charge of his or her Hill in which fuch low wines or Anglings (hall be diftillcd, or (hall make *»fc of a fecund veflel for putting low wines or Anglings in, unlefs the firft (hall be full of low wines or Anglings, on pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for each and every of the faid offences ; and if any diftillcr (hall make \rCe of any dill which (hall have any hole or opening in the head or bread thereof, through which the fame may be charged, fnch diftillcr (hall for every time fuch dill (hall be tiled in diddling, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XLT I. And be it enafted, That nodiftillerfo long as he Walh of com or (he (hall have any wa(h or pot-ale of com on hand, (hall an<5v,lI0^a^ef fet, have, or keep any molalfcs wa(h, and if any molaffes warn, and warn of pot-ale of corn, (hall be found at the ^ fpUled. fame time in any didillery, all fuch wa(h and pot-ale (hall and may be fpiUcd by any officer of the revenue, and the perfon in whofe didillery or,po(Tcffion the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XL.1II. And for preventing didillers from taking in walh iol. penalty privately prepared, and charging their dills in the officers not giving no-abfence ; be It enacted, That every diilillcr of fpirits (hall, t ice of inrent ion twenty-four hours at lead before receipt of any quantity of	wdh*

decayed wines, fligar water, or any other fermented walh, into his didillery, give notice in writing to the gauger or officer of excife in charge of fuch didillery, of the particular quantity of fuch decayed winrs, fugar water, or other kind of fermented wafh, and of the fpeciea thereof, and of the time when be or (lie intends to receive the fame, upon pafn of forfeiting for every time he or (he (hall neglect to give fuch notice, the fum of ten pounds

XLIV. And be it enafled, That every didfller, his or Diftillerto her fervant, who fhali (hew his or her dock to any officer of (hew dock and cxcife, (hall count all the calks of fpirits, and declare the count calks, pe• ■umber thereof to the officer taking an account of the fame 5 ao** and in cafe fuch didiller, his or her fervant, (hall refufe fo to do, he or (he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds ; and if after fuch declaration as aforctaid, any of the calks which (hall have been declared to contain fpriits, ft all be found to be empty, or to contain any other liquor «r thing, fave only fpirits, or if more calks than one (hall

be

*

Digitized by

JSf tUrty-eighi Tear of George TIL

A. D.

1798. Chap. jr.

Coolers to be fattened as herein.

Coppers not as herein, forfeited, and 20L

be (band not to be fall, or if a greater number of cafkn be found than have been fo declared, fuch diftiller (hall forfeit for every calk fo found not correfponding with foch dedan* thra, the futn of five pounds.

XLV. And be it enaded, That if any diftillcr (hall a brewing or difiilling make ufe of any cooler which (ball Dot be fere wed down, or otherwife faftened to beams firmly fixed at both ends in the walls of his or her (lill-houfe, or houfc ufed for brewing pot-ale, or in fome other firm or fubfiaa-tial work; or (haUaker or fuffer the level fituation or doping-place of any cooler or back by him or her made ufe or the beams that fupport the fame, after having been fo fixed as aforefaid, to be altered without having given four days notice thereof to the officer or gauger of the walk in whack foch diftillery (hall be carried on ; or if any didiQer fhafi u& a cooler through the centre whereof there (hall not be ereded, and conflantly kept fixed lengthways from one end to the other, a firm frame or ftage of wood at leail eighteen inches in breadth, and of thicknefs fufficient to prevent the fame from ^bending or Twinging, from which the officer of excifc may gauge the liquor in fuch cooler; or if there (hall not be a firm hand-rail of the length of fuch dage, and conveniently placed with refped thereto ; or if any diddler on the demand of any officer of excifc made to hnn or her, or to the perfon attending to fhew his or her (Lick, (hall not furnifh, or caufe to be furniftied, a ftjrong and fatfe ladder, with fteps four inches broad, or (hall not have provided a hand-rail, or rope in the nature of a hand-rail conveniently placed with refped to fuch ladder, of length fufficient to enable fuch officer to afeead to fuch cooler, and fix the fame at the dipping-place thereof; every drlliUcr fo offend-'mg in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the futh of twenty pounds.

XLVL And to prevent didillers from having coppers or veflfels for brewing pot-ale, condruded fo narrow at the mouths thereof that heads of dills can be placed thereon, by which fuch coppers or other veffcls may be ufed as ftitts; and to prevent them from placing fuch coppers or brewing veffcls fo near the worm-tubs as that the worms in fuch tube may be eafily applied to fuclrcoppers when ufed as dills; be it enaded, That if any didiller of fpirits (hall make ufe of, or keep any copper or veffel for brewing pot-ale, the width whereof at the mouth (hall be lefs than the width thereof in any other part of fuch copper or veffal, every fuch copper or vefrel (hall be forfeited and may be fcized, and the perfaa ufing or keeping the fame, (haul forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and if any difliller (hall have or keep any copper or other veifel for brewing pot-ale, fet or placed in any manaot

/	other

The thirtj+*ighth Tear of George III.

other than ir? fuch fituation as that the ftill or place where the feme (hall be fet or (land, (hall be in a direft line be* tween the place where fuch copper or other brewing vefTel (hall be fet or Hand, and the place where the worm tub (hall be fet or ftand ; every fuch diftiller for every time fuch copper or other brewing vefTel fhall be found fet or placed in any fituation other than as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds. •

' XLVII. And be it ena&ed, That every diftiller (hall keep his or her fpirits together in a (tore or (lores in or adjoining regjftered ftorst, to his or her diftillery, which (lore or (lores (hall be regifterea with the colleftor of the diftrifl in manner herein before mentioned ; and no drftiiler (hall make ufe of any place for keeping his or her fpirits which (halj not have been fo regifterea ; and if any fpirits (hall be* found in any (lore itores, of which fuch regillry as aforefaid fhall not hare been made, all fuch fpirits (hall be forfeited, and may be feized, and the diftiller or dillillers to whom the fame (hall belong, (hall forfeit for every gallon of fuch fpirits twenty (hillings.

XLVIII. And be it ena&ed, That every diftiller whofe Sizes and diftillery is or (hall be fituated in the city of Dublin, or ®t]*at,onof1^or* within two miles of the caftle of Dublin, fhall (lore or keep ^ **	*,

his or her fpirits in calks of the content of not lefs than onfc	#

hundred gallons each; and ?vcry diftiller whofe diftillery isi or (hall be fituate in any other part of this kingdom, (hall (lore or keep his or her fpirits in calks not lefs than hogf-heads ; and every diftiller (hall place and keep all his or hef calks and veflels in which any fpirits (hall be ftored or kept, or wtfch (hall be made uft of in diddling, m convenient fituations, with their dipping-place uppfcrmoft, and eafy of accefe, and in fuch manner that the officers of exerfe may readily and effedlually take the gauge thereof; and every fuch diftiller (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every default or neglefl in any of the faid refpe&ive cafes.

XLIX. And be it enafled, That if any diftiller of fpmtt DifUllers not

(hall mix, or fuffer to be mixed any unmalted cbm or grain, to mix unmalted

ground or unground, or which had not been charged with C0rn» ,?fC-o	o	7	.	.	.	o	penalties	at

the duty on malt, or any meal of oats or wheat malted ot

unmalted with any ground or unground malted corn, ift preparing for, or brewing, making, or fermenting any wafh or pot-ale for the making of fpiriti, or (hall brew or inakfc any wa(h or pot-ale for aillilling fpirits from unmalted com, or corn which had not been charged with the duty on malt, mixed or unmixed with malt, or from any malt made of oats, mixed or unmixed with any other corn or grain ground x or unground; or (hall diftiT, .or faffer to be difulled any fpirits from any ftvdb wafh or; pot-ale a| aforefaid; of if any Vol. XI,	M	m	luch

Spirits not in

f

\



The thirty-eighth feprof George III.

A. D.

•790-

Chap. 51.

iVnaltictoC diftiUer* for brewing hoer

or ale.

jl poult* fof not furniin-^ ing officer* with light*.

Officer* may vifit fugar-

hakcr*> &c.

. .

Sugar wafh »und as herfcid • niif be feized.

tlnflcenfed perfons with -whom ftilU are found, fubjedt

ro parities and leisure.

fuch mixed com or ipak made of - oats ground or ungromfi, or any kind of meal from any corn which had been charged with the duty on malt, (hall be found in the didillery, or in any other place in the pofleflion of any diflillex; every fuch didiller (hall for every fuch offence forfeit forty pounds; and all fuch com ground or unground, and meal, vvafh, and fpirits, and the bags, ca(ks, or veffels containing the fame ihali be forfeited, and may be feized by any juftice of the peace, or any officer of his Majedy’s revenue ; and upon the trial of any information for the faid penalty or for-feitme, the proof (hall lie on the defendant or claimant, and not on the perfon profecuting fuch information ; and if any ground oats or oatmeal above the weight of eight doors (hall be found in any didillery or dore, or other place thereto belonging, the fame (hall be forfeited and feized as afbrefaid, and the didillcr iu whofe didillery or florc the fame (hall be found, (hall foifeit twenty pounds.

L» And be it ena&ed, That no didiller (haH brew (trail beer or ale fpr fale ; and it (hall be lawful for any officer of excife, to charge with duty as pot-ale and wafh for the pur-pofc of diddling all malt* liquors in the pofleflion of any diftiller 5 and in cafe any fuch didiller (haH neglc& to de-claie fuch fmall beer or ale, or malt liquors, as pot-ale, the? and in fuch cafe fuch didiller (hall be fuhjed to the feveral penalties to which didQlers are liable for making a (hort dv-Ciaratipn, or concealment of wa(h.

* LI. And be it enabled, That cyery didillcr (hall, on any -vllit made by any officer.of txcife, fupply every fuch officer on demand with lights fufficient for the purpofe of fcarching and gauging all the dock on hand belonging to fuch diftiller, as well by day as by night, on pain of forfeiting for eve*y fuch neglect the fum of five pounds

LIL And be it enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any officer of excife to vifit in the day time the fugar-honfes belonging to any fugar-baker, and there to take an account of aH liigar wadi, and upon any decreafe afterwards found therein, fuch fugar-bakcr (hall be charged by fuch officer with, and (hall pay the duty payable upon wafh of mobiles by diddlen of fpirits, unlefs the fame (hall be found to have bean fold and delivered to a 1 icenfed didiller.

LIII. And be it enabled. That all fugar wafh found at any fugar-bakers within twenty-four hours after it (hall be taken from the ctftern, aud not declared to the officer of excife, (hall be forfeited and may be feized.

LIV. And be it ena&ed, That every unlicenfed didiller, and every perfon, except a brazier, having an unlicensed ftDl in liis pofleflion, and every retailer of, or dealer in fpirits for Me, i>r. other perfon not having a liccnfe to kaep a (HU, in .	.	whofe

\

3

The thirty-eighth' Tear of George III.

whofe -cuftody (hall be found any quantity of faints exceed-ing four gallons, except fpirits for which a permit (hall be produced, or in whofe ciiitody, houfe, office*, or tenements, any veflels for making fpirits, or any wa(h, pot-ale, or low wines, or Anglings, fnall be found, (hall be deemed a perfon making ufe of fuch veflels for diftilling fpirits, and concealing, or not dedaring fuch fpirits, wafh, pot-ale, low-wines, ot*(inglings, as (hall be found, and (hall be fubje& to the lefpt&ive penalties to which diHillers are liable for ufing private veflels for making fpirits, or for keeping in private or unregiftered (lores, or for concealing or hot declaring fpirits, wafh, pot-ale, low-wines, or Anglings *, and all fuch veflels and fpirits^ wafh, pot-ale, low-wines, and Anglings,

. (hall be forfeited and feized.

LV. And be it ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for any commiflioner of excife, or any cplie&oi; of excife within his di&rid, upon application for that; j>urppfe, to giant,, withe out any fee, a hcenfe to any chymift, apothecary, or drugg-id, to keep of make ufe of one or more dill or Hills, of fuch dimenfions, and no other, as fhall be fpecifted in fuch licenfe, for diHilling medicinal, compound, or cordial waters, only 3 which licenfe (hall be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September following ; provided that before any fuch licenfe (hall be granted, every chymifl, apothecary, and druggift, applying for the fame, fhall, previous to the ifluing thereof, enter into a bond to his Majefty, with one or more furety or furetiea, in the fum of one hundred pounds, conditioned* that he or (he fhall7not diflill or fell any fpirits whatfoever, (other than and except medicinal, compound, and cordial waters,) nor lend or let out any fuch (till to any perfon whatfoever ; and in cafe the condition of any fuch bond fhall at any time be broken, the licenfe granted thereupon, (hall, immediately after judgment had, be null and void.

L.VL And, be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners of excife, or any thri* or more of them, to grant licenfes to fuch perfons as they (hall think proper, to keep and make ufe of one bt more ftfll or dills, black-pot of black-pots, at their diferetion, not exceeding twelve gallons content, each, for the diftilling of medicinal waters, or tor making experiments and discoveries in natural philofophy $ artd every (till which (hall be found in the pofiicwon of any chymift, apothecary, or druggift, or other perfon for which fuch licenfe as aforefaid (hall not be'produced, (hall be forfeited and may be feized.

LVII. And be it cna&cd, That if any diftiller of fpirits,

' his wife or child, or his or her (ervant, or any perfon a&iug in his or her diftillery, (hall refufe or not fufler any officer of excife to enter into his or her hottft, out-houfe, (tore, or' M m a	other

Chymift*, &c. may be licenced as herein.

Commiflionera may licenfa 12 gallon (tills.

Officer to take account of Hock*

Google

fol. Tttukj for not Am wing ftack.

Office* to

icarcK in the day.

TA* thirty-eighth Tear of Geoige IIL

other place whatsoever, where any part of the bufinefs af diftiUiog I* carried on, or where any fpirita are kept, or if any fuch officer having entered, frail not be permitted to remain therein, to gauge the veffels, and take an account q{ (lock of fnch diflijicr, or of any liquor or ingredients nfcd, or ready to be ufed in drilling, and to fee the whole diftil-ling completely finiihed, and to take an account of the liquors diddled, or in the procefs of did tiling, every fuch diftiller (hall, for every fuch offence, refpeAtvely, forfeit the fufri of thirty pounds.

'. LVIII. And be it ena&ed, That as often as any officer or officers of excife, (haD be admitted into the diftiflery or work*hou(e, (lore, or any other place belonging to any dif-tiller of fpirits, fuch diftiller, or his wife or child, or the perfon who (hall admit fuch officer or officers, or other person employed inA inch diftillery, (hall, on demand of any •fuch officer; (hew or caufe to be (hewn to fuch officer dr , officers, all the dock on hand, of wafh, pot-ale, fpirits, finglings, or low wines, belonging to fuen diftiller, and give or caufe to be given to fuch officer a declaration of the fame; that is to fay, that the (lock fo (hewn-is all the dock of, of belonging to fuch diftiller, on pain of fifty pounds tp be forfeited by fuch diftiller, for every time he or (he, dr any other perfon in his or her employment, in his or her diftillery, (hall refufe or omit on demand to fhew or caufe to be (hewn fuch (lock, or to make fuch declaration as afore-faid; and if any officer or officers of excife, (hall, upon fearch, difeover any \va(h, pot*ale, fpirits, Anglings, dr low wires, of the ftock then on hand, belonging to, or in (the diftillery, or other place belonging to fuch diftiller, or qf any perfon for his or her ufc, which ft all not have been (hewn or declared as aforefaid, or'which ftiall be in any place or ftore not regiftered as aforefaid, then all fitch wa(h, pot-ale, fpirits, Anglings, or low wines ft;all be forfeited; and 1 fuch diftiller fnall forfeit for every nine gallons of wafh or pot-ale, the fum of twenty (hillings, and for every three gallons of Anglings or low wines the like fum of twenty millings, and for every gallon of fpirits, the like fum of twenty ffijljings.

LJX. And whereas diiliilers of fpirits frequently make ofe of places adjoining their own houfes ot diftillerics, for t,he purpofe of clandeilinely brewing, diftilling, or concealing their wafti, Anglings, or fpirits, Fop remedy whereof, ,be it enafted. That if the owner or occupier of any houfe, ftore, or other place adjoining to, or in the neighbourhood pf the dwelling-houfe or diftillery of any diftillrr of fpirits, or of any fervant of the owner or occupier of any fuch houfe or place, (hall not, on demand of any officer of excife

made

The thirty ^eighth Y$ar of George III.

xnade in the day time, admit fuch officer, or (hall not allow him to enter and Search fuch houfe, itore, or place for liquors or materials for diltilling, which any fuch officer Shall have reafonable or probable caufe to fufpeft to be fraudulently concealed therein, inch occupier of fuch bouft or other place, fhall in every fuch cafe, forfeit the fukri of fifty pound3.

\LX. And be it enafted, that if no perfon (hall attend or appear in fuch lioufe, Itore, or place as aforefaid, to give entrance to fuch officer, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer and hin affiflants, in the day time, in the prefence of a cor.ftable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and affixing therein, to b eak open, enter, and to make fearch in fuch hqufe, llore, or place for fuch liquors, as aforefaid, which he 6? they may have rcafonable or probable caufe to fufpe£l to be fraudulently concealed therein; provided always, that if upon Search no Such liquor fhall be found, fuch officer or officers fhall repair all the damages dojie, or make reafonable fatisfaftiem for the fame, to the owner ojr occupier of the premiSes.

LXI. And be it enacted, That if the houfe, ftore/or place broken or forced, fhall immediately communicate with' any diftillery, or any part of the premifes thereunto belonging, and the dilliller owning fuch diiHllery, or the perfon who fhall fhew the flock of fuch dilliller, fhall not on demand made, give entrance to any fuch officer or officers, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch dilliller fhall forfeit th$ fum of fifty pounds.

LXII. And he it enabled, That no dilliller fhall deliver or carry out any fpirits, to any perfon in cafks, or by the gallon, without notice fir(l given to the officer of excife, for the place or dirifion where fuch dilliller fhall live, to the in*? tent that fuch officer may be prefent to fee and gauge fuch fpirits, unlefs from the twenty-ninth day of September, to ;.he twenty-fifth day of Match, in each year, between the hours of five of the clock in the morning/ and flight in the evening, and from the twenty-fifth day of March, to the nine and twentieth day of September, in each year, between’ the hours of three in the morning, and nine in the evening, upon pain that every ffiftiller doing contrary hereunto, fhall forfeit for every offence, the fum of twenty pounds.

LXIII. And be it »enadted, That every dilliller fhall, within the faid refpe&ive hours of each day of the faid respective months in every year, either attend in perfon and admit, or caufe Some perfon to attend in perfon, and admit the officers of excife, apd their affiflants, into their diftillcrie*. W ftotes, and permit them to view the fame, arid gange, and

t4

Officers m»y break open hoafe OX (lores.

Officers to have entrance.

Hours fo* fencing fpirits * from difblkrs.

Di (tillers to admit officer*

Digitized by

Google

55*

A, D, *79®-

- Chap. 51.

KftSllenlia-hle to ataifeicL

Books to be kept in fUAftltr tfe#t

The tbirtyeightb Tear 0/ George III*

to lake an account of the liquors contained therein, at often as any of fuch officers (hall attend, and require to he admitted within the times, and in the manner herein before mentioned ; and in cafe v^y fuch officer (hall not get admittance, after having demanded the fame, and declared hie and their naipe and bgfinefs, and after having waited for the (pace of an half hour after fuch demand made at the gate or door of anv diftiller, through which fuch officer hath been uluafiy admitted, fuch diftiller (hall forfeit the fum of ten pound*, for every fuch offence.

LXIV. And be it ena&ed. That as often as the tffde of diftiliing (hall b<f exercifed, or carried on by, or in the name, or for the ufe of any perfon, under the age • of twenty-one years, fuch perfon (hall be liable to the payment of all duties pf excife, and of all penalties and forfeitures that may be incurred, and became payable by any law relating to the excife, and be fubje& to fuch regulations and reftric.ioitf, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch perfon was adult, • and of full age. -

LXV. Apd be it ena&ed, That no diftiller of fpirits, (hall have or keep, or permit to be kept, any Ere under any dill in bis diftillery, between the hour of ten in the afternoon on any Saturday, and the hour of four in the morning, on any Monday, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds,

I«XVI. And be it enaded, That every diffifler (hall keep in his qr her diftillery, fuch minute-book as (hall be delivered to fuch diitillcr, by the furveyor, or other officer of excife, which book (hall .be fafely kept by every diftiller, and in which fuch officer or officers (hall make true entries of all the times of his or their viiiling fuch diflilleiy, and of all fuch other particulars relative to the ftate and condition of fuch diftillery, as he or they (hall find neceflary and expc-dient, or as he or they (hall be dire&ed by any foperior officer to enter therein ; and fuch diftiller (hall on the twen-ty-ntth day of March, the twenty/ourth day of June, the twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, tranfmit fuch book to the office of the examinator of excife, in cafe fuch diftiller rciides in the county, or county of the city of Dublin, and in cafe fuch diftiller refides clfcwhere to the colle&or of the diftrid; and in cafe any diftiller to whom fuch book (hall be tendertd by any officer of excife, (hall refufe to receive the lame, or having received the fame, (ball wilfully tear, deface, or alter fuch book, or caufc the fame to be torn, defaced, or altered, pr (hall make, or caufe to be made, any entry therein; or jn cafe fuch diftiller, or any perfon employed by him or her (9 att^nft ft is or he? diftillery 1 (haft, at ?uy time when re--.'***’ 1	'	paired

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George nr.

^ulred by any officer of excffe, refufc to produce fucb book, or to deliver the fame to the officer for the purpofes aforesaid, or fhall negle& to tranfmit fuch book to the office of the examinator of excife, or colk&or as aforefaid, that7then, and in every fnch cafe, fuch diftiller (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

JLXVII. And be it ena&ed, That no perfon (hall harbour, keep, or conceal, or (hall knowingly permit to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or (hall give any rid, affift-ance, or reward to any perfon Or perfons, to harbour, keep, or conceal in any houfe, out-houfe, turf-ftack, hay-rick, or other place or places whatfoever, any fpirits, low wines, finglings, wafh or pot-ale, which fhall have been* unlawfully made or diftilled, and whereof the duties due and payable thereon, fhall not have been paid or fecured according to law; and if any perfon (hall offend in the premifes, then, and in any of the faid cafes, every fuch perforrwho (hall give afftftancc to, or aid in any of fuch concealments, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds; and all fuch fpirits, low* wines, finglings, wafh, s^nd pot-ale, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized.

LXVIII. And be it ena&ed, That where any ftiU not licenfed as aforefaid, has been, or (hall be feized in any county of a city, or county of a town, or the liberties thereunto belonging, the fum of twenty pounds (hall be recovered horn the inhabitants of the parifh, or part of the parifh or union, or extra parochial place, in fuch county of a city, or county of a town, in which fuch (tiff has been, or (hall be' feized; and where fuch ftill has been, or (hall be feized in any county at large, then the fum of ten pounds (hall be-recovered from tht inhabitants of the town, or towidand, in fuch county at large, in which fuch dill has been, or (hall be feized iu the manner hereinafter mentioned; and fuch fumt,. when recovered, (hall be.applied as herein after mentioned,, that is to fay, one moiety of every fuch fum, dedu&ing the* cods of recovering the fame, as (hall be recovered on account of any ftill, feized in the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or county of Dublin* (hall* be paid to tlie treafurer of the houfe of induftry, in Dublin* for the ufe of the faid houfe, and the other moiety to the perfon who (hall have feized fuch frill; and- one moiety oF every fuch fum, over and above fuch cofts as aforefaid, which (hall be recovered on account of any ftill feized in any other part of this kingdom, (hall be paid to the treafurer of the public infirmary, or hofpital, for the county in which (lilt mall be feized, for the ufe of fuch infirmary or hofpital, and the other moiety tb the perfon who (hall have feized the. feme; provided always, that fuck ftill (hall have been con*

• demned

Pcrfont who conceal fpirits fhall forfeit 5L

aoL to be recovered from inhabitants of a pariffi, fcc.

Digitized' * v^ooQle



Thtttirtj-qhtk Tmr ^GeoifeIII.

given by com-au&aecr*, ficc.

Cfnfofitu*

»ot granted, unlcfs doucc be given.

How laid fum* be recovered.

dftpned an an information in the excife office of the diftrift, in which the fame ikall be feized; and provided aIfo, tbat ia cafes where there (hull have been any claim, the time for appealing from any judgment of the chief comioiffioQerx, or fnb-commillioners, condemning 6ich ft31, (hall have eiapX-ad, or the fenfcrnce of condemnation be affirmed, before any proceedings (hail be had, for recovery of the faxd fiatni.

LX15C. And be it ena&ed, That the fat'd commiffiooers, qr fub-commiflioners of the diltrift in which fuch fHH flail be condemned, (hall give a certificate, Cctting forth the particular city, town, or county, and parifh or union, or part of a parifh or union, extra-peroclual place, or liberty, town, or town>land where fuch (till was feized, and the name of the perfon who feized the fame, and that fuch dill hath been condemned, purfuant to law, and at what time the ftme had been condemned, and whether fuch ftili had been daimed by any perfon or perfdns, and if claimed, whether mny appeal had been brought again ft fuch condemnation, and if fuch appeal fhall have been brought, whether the fentencc of condemnation hid been affixed.

JLXX. Provided always, That no fuch certificate (hall be granted, unltfs it (hall have been proved, on the hearing or trial of the information, on which fuch condemnation was had, that eight days previous to fuch hearing or trial, notice of the time and place of fuch healing or trial was polled on the church of the parifh or union in which fuch ftili had been feized ; or if feized in any place, not within a parifh or union, or any place where there fha!l not be a parifh church, that fuch notice was left at the dwelling bonfes of two inhabitants of fuch place, not being revenue officers, which notice (hall alfo fpecify the time and place of the f^hsure of the ftili therein mentioned ; and the chief com-miffioners, or fub-commillioners, refpe&ively, who (hall hear or try, fuch information, (hall caufc any perfon pr perfons who fhall defire the fame to be fworn, to give true evidence on fuch hearing or trial; and if it (hall appear that any fraud or colluGon was pra&ifed, for unfairly fubje&ing the inhabitants of any parifti or union, part of a parifh or union, extra-parochial, or other place, or of any town* or town-land, to the fum by this a& to be recovered, for the ftili fsazed therein, then, and in fuch cafe, no certificate /hall be given.

LXXI. And be it ena&ed,. That the faid refpc&tve fitrats fhaD be fued for, and recovered in the name of Xuch perfon as fhall fue for the fame, by civil bill,, before the going judges of afiize, for the refpe&ive countiesSrithin which fuch, ftili or ftills fhall be found, rcfpe&ively, or before tbe recorder 6	of

/

Digitized by

Google

Certificate of

Tftr tJAriy-iighib Tear #/ George If I;

of the city of Dublin, or the chairraah of the feffions for the eoanty of Dublin, as to allililh found as aforefaid, within the fold placet refpe&ively; exprefling particularly the caufe of aftion, and that the fame is founded oil this a£t of padi- 1 aunent, and the place where the uulicenfed (HH was feized ; and to be brought againft any three inhabitants of, or occupiers of land, in the parith or union, extra?parochial, or other place or town-land, in which fuch itill hath been, or (hall be feized ; and in the fame manner as any debt or demand of fhe fame amount may be fued for and recovered by* civil bill$ provided that no appeal fhall be brought from any decree, on any fuch civil bill, unlefs the fame (hall be brought before the holding of the next enfuing affixes, or feflsons-of the peace, as the cafe may be.

LXXII. And be it enadfed. That the aforefaid certificate of condemnation of any fuch (fill (hall be fufficifcnt condemnation evidence to entitle the plaintiff in fuch civil bill, to fue for, hifficient *vi-and recover the fum for which fuch civil bill fhall be brought, ®encc* c-purfuant to this a&; and fuch plaintiff fhall thereupon obtain a decree for the fame, with the cofls allowed by law in fuch cafes, agamtt fuch inhabitants or occupiers of land, as aforefaid, unlefs it fhall be proved on behalf of fuch inhabitants or occupiers, that fraud or collufion was pradlifed bv the perfon who feized fuch dill, for the purpofe of fub-je&ing the inhabitants or occupier* of land in the parifh or union, extra-paroclual, or other place or town, or town-land, to fuch penalty.

LXXII I. Provided always, That if the judge or re- inhabitants cordcr, or chairman, who fhall try fuch civil bill, fh&U find it not impaimelled neceffcrry to impaunel a jury, to try the fad of collufion, no on juries to try inhabitant or occupier of land in the parifh or part of the* collufion. pari.'n or union, or extra-parochial place, or of the town or town-land, in which dills fhall have been feized, fhall be capable of ferving as a juror, on any jury fo impannellcd.

LXXTV. And be it eimded, That if the defendants in fuch civil bill, or any of them, (hall pay the fum decreed fondants pay thereon, or if fuch fum fhall be levied by virtue of any dc- plaintiffs, givt cree on fuch civil bill, the plaintiff therein, fhall, if required receipts as hereby the defendants or defendant who fhall have paid fuch ,u fam, or from whom the fame fhall have been levied, give fuch defendants or defendant, a receipt upon the back of / fdch decree for the fum fo paid or levied, and upon fuch defendants or defendant depofiting the fame with the treasurer of the city, town, or county* in which the parifh or	»

union, part of a parifh or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land fhall lie, in which fuch (till fhali have been feized, fuch treafurer fhall* and he is hereby required immediately, after the next following- Kafter or Mi-

chaelma*

/



Digitized by

* Google

ft	The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

A. D. ckielroas term, if fuch pari(h or union, extra-parochial, or other place, town or town-land, (hall be iituated in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, ' or if in ant other part of this kingdom, immediately after the next following aifizes, to ifiuc his warrant to focb per-fon as (hall then be empowered to collect any monies pre-fented by the grand jury of the county of a city, county of a town, or county at large of the place where fuch (till (hall have been feized, aothorifing fuch collector to colkek and levy fiom the inhabitants or landholders of the pari(h or union, or part of a parifh or u;.ion, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land, in which fuch (lifl (haS have been feized, the fum appearing by fuch decree and receipt to have been decreed and paid or levied, together with fuch poundage or receiver’s fees for his own ufe, as fnca collector is entitled to on collecting any other public money, in the fame manner as if fuch fum had been prefepted by the grand jmy of the county, and fuch coHeftor (hall have the lame power to procced-in the appointment of fuch fum on the inhabitants or land-holders of tlie parifh or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-laud, and to levy the fame in the fame manner as any money pre-fented by the grand jury of the county; and every fuch CoIleAor (hall be accountable for the fame, in the fame manner as for any public money for which he may be accountable, and fuch treafurer (hall pay the money fo levied to the defendants or defendant in the civil bill, who (hall have paid the money decreed thereon, or from whom the fame (hall have been levied, and fuch treafurer (hall be lia- ■ blc and compellable to pay the fame, in the fame manner as any public money prefented to be paid to any perfon or pex-funs.

l«aod-bold*	LXXV, And in order to reimhurfe the feveral inhabi-	,

vis may recover	or land-holders, from whom any money (hall have been

a» turem.	raifed,	by virtue of fuch warrant from any treafurer as afone-

faid, the money paid by them refpe&ively ; be it enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for for every inhabitant and kind-holder who (hall have paid any fuch money ai any - itime within three years, from the time of collecting the fame, to fue by civil bill, the perfon who was the owner of the (till on account of which fuch money was fo levied* or in whofe tenement the feme was feized, for the money paid by. them refpeftively, on account thereof; and every fuch inhabitant or land-holder (hall recover and levy the '	{ame	in the fame manner aq any debt or demand in ordinary

cafes recoverable by civil biU may be recovered and levied. Allfiaes Its.	LXXVI. And be it ena&ol, That all and every the

rot otherwise fines* penalties and forfeitures inJfli&cd. by this aft* other, feovided, rcco%	*	than

-X 1798-Chap. $i.

Digitized by

Google

TJx thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

than and except fuch as are by this aft otherwife provided Tor, fhall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fucli manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities aa are preferib-ed, directed, and appointed, in and by an aft of parliament, made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majcfty Charles the fecond, entitled. An ad for the fettling of the excife% or new impoft, upon bis MjjeJty, his heirs and fuccejfors, according to the book of rates therein infirted; or by any other law or laws relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as fully and effectually te all intents, confttuftions and purpofes, as if the fame w^re particularly mentioned and cxprefTed, and re-enacted in this ad ; with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, an in ^nd by the faid aft of excife, or any other lav* or laws relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, is provided.

LXXVI I. And be it enafted, That this ad fhall continue to be of force until the twenty-fodrth day of June, o~.e thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of'pai liftmen tf and no longer.

CHAP. LII.

i

A$ Ad to regulate the Trade of Redifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds in His Majcjly’s Revenue^ by Redifurs of Spirits.

FOR regulating the trade of a redifier of fpirits diftilled in thus kingdom, and to prevent frauds on his Majef-ty’s revenue, by perfons exercifing the faid trade; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty -fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred andLnine-ty-eight, no perfon fhall keep any ftill for re&ifyilg or compounding fpirits or ftrong waters, unlefs he (ball have taken out a ucenfe for keeping the fame^ in manner by th»s aft directed, and if any perfon fhall keep, or uft any ftill for reftifyingor compounding fpirits or ftrong waters, without having fuch licenfe in force,' he or fhe fhall forfeit the Turn of fifty pounds, and every fuch ftill fhall be forfeited, aud m?y be razed#	,

4	\	Ji.	And

ws

A. D.

vored as by 14 &c is Cha* a.

In foree f 14 June,1799.

take out liceQ&V

Digitized by

5J«

No ft ill under Sp gallons Gull' be Ucenfed.

CoVnmifTmn-ers m »y ^rant liccnies as herc-

Partners not oblige* 1 to take more than X li-cenfc.

RfdHfien not to diftil from corn, penalty

The thirtyhth Tear of George lit,

II.	And*be it cna£ed, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, no perfon (hall be licenfed to keep any (fill for ratifying or compounding fpirits, the body of which, exclufive of the head, fhall not be capable of containing eighty gallons at the lead, and that the true content ot fuch ftiil (hall be exprefTed in fuch licenfe, and if any fliH fhall be found in the poffiflion of ^ny re&ifier or compounder of fpints, for which fuch licenfe (haH not be produced on demand made by any officer of excife, the fame fhall be, forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Mniedy’s revenue.

III.	And be it cnaded, That the cjommiffionerf of hi& Majefty’s revenue of excife, or any three or more of them, fhaU and may grant licenfes to performs to keep a ftiil or dilU to rectify and compound fpints and ftrong waters, and the feveral collectors ot this kingdom, fhall, and may upon pay-' ment of a fum, at the rate of fifty /hillings fox tvery .ten gallons, whiph every fuch ftiil is capable of containing, together with a fee of one (hilling in the pound for tbeir own ufe, deliver fuph licenf s to the (Several perfons vyho (hall be named therein, and all fuch licenfes (hall continue of force for one year finm the granting thereof: provided always* that the faid commiffioners of his Majcfty’s revenue, may yntil the faid twenty-fourth dsy of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, licenfe ayy dill for rc&ifving or compounding fpirits, of not lef> than forty gallons content* in manner as fuch dills might heretofore be licenfed.

IV.	Provided always, That perfons in partnerlhip, and

carrying on the aforefaid trade and bufinefs in one hov^fe or place only, fhall not be obliged to take out more than one licenfe for carrying on fuch trade, and that no one licenfe wh^ch fhall be granted by virtue of this aft fir all authorize or empower any perfon or perfons, to whom the fame fhall he grant'd to diild, redVfy, or compound any fpirits, in any other houfe or place, tl.au the houfe or place deferibed it^ fdch heer.fe.	'

V.	And be it enable d, That no perfon licenfed to keep ^ dill for re&ifying or compounding fpirits, (hall make or dif-til fj »its, from corn or mohffes wafti, or any other material, from which fpirits in the firfl initance mav be extract-ed ; and if any waih, or other fuch material (hall be found at any didiHery, licenfed for rectifying or compounding fpirits* the fame (hbll be forfeited, and may be feized, and the rectifier or compounder, at whofe didillery the fame (hall be found, fhall forfeit the fum of fjtfty pounds ; and if any officer of excife (hall difcoycr at the flill-houfe of any redifier pr compounder of fpirits, any wafh or finglings put into, or

'	'	‘	miae^

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

/

mixed with (pints, in any ftill of any fuch re&ifier or compounder, fnch re&ifiwr or compounder (hail, for every fuch offence, ’forfeit one hundred pounds.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That every re&ifier and compounder of fpirits, (hall make true and particular entry in writing* under his or her hand, with the collector of the dif-trid, of every ftill-houfe, ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, (hop, cellar, vault* or other place, intendeJ to be ufed by him or her, for retrying or compounding, (loring or keeping fpirits, and if any fpirits (hall be found in any place belonging to any re&ifier or compounder, of which fuch entry (hall not have been made, all fuch fpirits (hall be forfeited, and may be feized, and fuch re&ifier or compounder, (hall, for every place fo ufed by him, and not entered as aforefaid, forfeit twenty pounds.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, That every re&ifier and compounder of fpirits, (hall caufe to be painted, his, her, or their name or names, furname, or furnames, and the words re&ifier or compounder of fpirits, as the cafe may be, and (hall preferve the fame, in large legible chambers over the outfide of the outward door of' each and every ftill-houfe, ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, (hop, cellar, vauh, and other place, by him, her, or them refpe&ively made ufe of, for the re&h-fying, compounding, ftoring or keeping of fpirits, upon pain of forfeiting for every ftill-houfe, ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, ftiop, cellar, vault, or other place, which'ftrall be fo made ufe of, by fuch re&ifier or compounder, without having the faid words painted as aforefaid, the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon who (hall not have made fuch entry as aforefaid, of all the places by him or her made ufe of, for making or keeping of fpirits, (hall paint, or caufe to be painted over the door of any place to him or her belonging, the words re&ifier or compounder of fpirits,

* or either of them, every perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon licenfcd to re&ify or compound fpirits, (hall receive or buy, or procure, or employ any perfon to receive or buy for- him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, any fpirits (except at publick fales of fu h liquors as have been condemned and fold at cuftom-houfe fales,) from any perfon other than a diftiller duly licenfed to diitil, or a perfon licenfed as a factor for the file of fpirits, every perfon fo offending (hall f6r every fuch offence, .forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; and all fuch fpirits which (hall be received into any ftill-houfe or other place of any re&ifier or compounder of fpirits, for which fuch permit for the conveyance thereof as is by law

required,

Re&ifUrttn make entries a# herein.	'

Rectifiers fcv have their paany printed over their doors, penalty loot.

lool. penalty on perfons wno have “ re&ifier or compounder '’ fo painted, without making fuch entry.

R eitifiers who buy fprits from any but licenfed diftil-lers, &c. except as herein, forfeit 50I. and fpirits feized.

«

Mo cooftjf* mcc from worm worm fo (fill but the omen fife, penalty aooL

fce&ifiefi to find locks, &c.

Locks, Ac. to be repaired at defire <d fur veyors, pc-

7% thirty-eigbib Tear of. George ITL

required, (ball not oti demand of any officer, be produced* ora certificate in lieu thereof, (hallbe forfeited, and may be

feizeef.

X.	And be it ena&ed, 'That no re&ifier or compounder of fpirits, (hall ufe or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading to or from any (till, to him, her, or them belonging, other than and except one charging pipe, and the difeharging cock to fuch Hill belonging f or ufe or . keep any pipe or conveyance com mu meat mg' with the end of the worm, to any fuch (fill, by which fpirits might be drawn off to any veffcl, other than the open fofc for receiving fuch fpirits ; and if any re&ifier or compound* er of fpirits, (hall have or keep any luch opening, fixed pipe# or other conveyance, except as afore laid, he or foe (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XI.	And bfe it enacted, That every re&ificr and compounder of fpirits, (hall at his or her own ex pence, find, provide, and affix fufficient locks, keys, and faftenings, to be approved of in writing, by and under the hand of the furveyor of excife of the walk in which fuch xe&ificr or compounder (hall refide, to the difeharging cock and furnace door and head of every dill to him or her belonging i and in cafe any fuch re&ifier or compounder (hall not provide and fo affix the fame as aforefaid, the furvtyor of exc fc (hail provide fuch locks, keys, and faffenings, and caufe the fame to be affixed as aforefaid, and fuch rrdifier or compounder foail pay for the Tame ; and the officers of excifc (hall and are hereby required to lock and fecure fuch difeharging cocks and furnace doors, and keep them fo locked and fecured at all times, except when fuch ft ill (hall be charged and prepared to be fet at work in manner herein after mentioned, and (halt during the time fuch ftill (hall be at work, lock and keep fee )red the head thereof; and if any ne&ifier or compounder (hall rectify or compound fpirits, before he or (he (hall have provided and affixed fufficient keys, locks and faftenings, to be approved of as aforefaid, to every fuch difeharging cock and furnace and head, to every (till to him or her belonging, according to the dirc&ion herein-given, or (hall refufe to pay for any fuch locks, keys, or faftenings, he or foe ihall for every fttch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XU. And be it cna&ed. That where any locks, keys, or faftenings, foail be piovided in purfuance of this a£f, every rectifier or compounder of fpirits, to whom fuch locks, keys, and faftenings (ball belong, (hall at his or her expence from time to time, when requited fo to do, by the furveyor of cxcife of the walk in which he or (he (hall refide, •aufe to be altered, repaired, and amended, within a reasonable

Digitized by

-y Google

' The thirty-rightb fear of George III.

able time, according to fuch requisition, evtry lock, key, and fafteniog, To provided and affixed, to every dill and charging-cock, furnace grate and head, belonging to, or ufed by fuch rectifier or compounder of fpirits ; and if any Such re&ifier or compounder of fpints, to whom any fu(m lockk, keys, and faftenings, or any or either of ttiem (hall belong, (hall negleft or refufe when thereunto required, to caufe the fame to be altered, repaired, or amended, within a reasonable time, he or (he (hall for every fuch negleA or refufal, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That no reftifier or compound-. erof Spirits, (hall rivet or other wife fallen, or Suffer to be for fattening key

riveted, or otherwife fattened, an^ key into any charging or	**

dTcharging cock, of any ftill, of or belonging to or ufed r**in^ by him, fo as to prevent the officer or officers of exciSe ’ from taking out and examining fuch key; and if any fuch key Shall be rivetted or fattened to fuch charging or discharging cock, contrary to the dirc&io* s of this a&, the rectifier or compounder to whom the fame Shall belong, (hall for every fuch key fo rivetted or fattened, forfeit the lum of fifty pounds.

XIV.	And be itena&ed, That the key of every chaig- Keys.of cocks ing cock, and every difeharging cock. Shall be made and conftru&ed in manner following, and in no other form or herein dire&c«. manntfr whatever, that is to fay, the key of every fuch

cock, (hall be made with an open eye or hole in Ihe top part thereof, and every fuch eye or hole Shall be of fuch fixe as to be capable of receiving a leaver fufficient to turn fuch lock at all times, when any officer of excife Shall have occa* lion to turn the fame, in the execut on of tthe powers to him given for that purpofe; and every fuch key of every fuch ' cock, (hall be of one piece, and folid to the bottom, and fuch charge and difeharge Cocks refpe&ively, Shall not have any hole or place of difeharge, but at the mouth only ; and no Ye&ifier or compbunder of fpirits, Shall fix or place, ot* fuff r to be fixed or placed* any grate, drainer, or any other thing whatfoever, on or before the mouth of any fuch charging or difeharging cock, but the mouth of every fuch cock (hall be left free and clear from every thing that can or may prevent the officers of excife from Searching and examining the infide of the mouth or opening of every fuch cock; and if any re&ifier or compounder of fpints Shall make ufe qf, or (hall fix or place any charging or difeharging cock to any ftill, or to any other of his entered uteymla, of any other N conitru&ion than that herein before mentioned, or (hall at any time fix or place any thing whatfoever, on or before the mouth or opening of any fuch cock, whereby the officer	*

(ball or may be prevented from fearching and examining the

infide

50I. penalty

The thirty-eighth Terr ef George TIT.

Infide thereof, then and in every fuch cafe, every fiich reefer and compounder (hall for each offence, forfeit the fiiiti 0. onc hundred pounds.

XV.	And be it enabled, Thit no re&ifier or compounder of fpirits, fhall have or keep any cap or covering upon any cock belonging to any dill in his pofTeflion, 6Tlo any pipe# back, or veffel whatfoever, in his or her entered premises, fo as to prevent any officer of excife from didin&ly feeing, and eaGly examining fuch cock; and if any rectifier or compounder fhall lrave or keep any fuch cap or covering upon any fuch cock, he or me (hall for every time fuch cap or covering fhall be ufed or kept, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed, That whenever any redlifier or givfP to officers compounder of fpirits, fhall be defirous to have the furnace

mt5ft,on to - of any (till or fthls opened, he or fhe, if within any city 01 or town where a forveyor of excife refides, fhall twelve hoinp at lead, and if in any other part of this kingdom twenty-four hours at lead before the particular hour or time between fix o'clock in the morning and nine at night, when he or fhe intends to have the fame opened, give notice in writing to the officer of excife in charge of his or her ftill-houfe, who on receiving' fuch notice, fhall attend accordingly, and fuch rectifier or compounder fhall charge his or her (till or dills, in the prefence of fuch officer; and in cafe fuch re&ificr or compounder fhall not begin to charge his or her dill at the time mentioned in fuch notice, or within one hour after, fuch notice fhall be void, and the rectifier or compounder fhall give another fuch notice in writing, before the officer fhall be obliged to attend to open the furnace-door of fuch dill, and to fee the fame charged* as tforefaid.

When dills XVII. And be it ena&ed, That when the officer of ex-ceafc to work, ctfe fhall attend to lock the furnace-grate belonging to any officer* (hall un- when fuch ftfl] (hall have ceafed to work, he fhall un-* c* lock the head of fuch dill, and the re&ifikr or compounder to whom the fame fhall belong, fhall caufc fuch head to be taken off, and fuch head fhall not be again put on fuch 1131, until the fame fhall be again charged in the prefence of the officer, and be ready to work; and if any rectifier or compounder fhaH not caufe the head of his or her dill to ^ be taken off, when and fo foon as the officer fhall have unlocked the fame after the dill fhall have ceafed t.j work, or (hall put the head on any fuch dill before the fame fhall be again charged, ot Teady td Work, and before the officer fhall examine the quality of the fpirits then in the dill, he or fhe fhall for every offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pound*

No covering to be kept on cocks, penalty

Notice t6 be

XVIII. And

When ftiJis

The tbiAy-eighth Tear of George III,

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That as Toon as any Rill be-

longing to arty re&iQer or compounder of fpirits, (hall be fiilly charged, the officer who /hall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, as aforefaid, to «*pen the furnace^oor of fuch &HI, (hall examine the contents of fuch (fill, and lock down the head thereof, and (hall not open the furnace-door a£: char£e<?,’ of any fuch dill until the fame hath been fully charged, nor	con~

Until he hath examined the contents of fuch ft ill, and lock- tents, &c. fed down the head thereof} and every furveyor or other officer of excife, who (hall receive any fuch notice to attend as aforefaid, (hall attend to open and lock the furnace-door^

and heads of fuch (tills, and examine the contents thereof* without fee or reward.

XIX.	And that the officers of excife may be better ena- ladders to be bled to examine the contents of every (till to any rectifier

<Ji* compounder of fpirits belonging, and to take (till gauges pCI^j[laaooi * thereof,' be it ena&ed, That every re&ifier or compounder p of fpirits (hall provide proper ladders whereby the officers bf excife may get to the top of every (till to every fticii tc&ifier or compounder belonging, and every fuch re&iher or compounder, or fome perfon on his or her behalf, (hall aid and afild fuch officers in fetting up fuch ladders, ar.d in examining the contents of every dill* and in taking ftill-

Bes thereof; and if any fuch redtifier or compounder negleft to provide "proper ladders for the purpofes aforefaid, or (hall not by himfelf, or fome other on his behalf, affid fuch officers in fetting up the ladder, and in taking the account and (till-gauges aforefaid,' or (hall by any means whatfoever hinder or ob(tra& any officer of excife from examining the contents of any (till, or irj takings the gauge thereof, then and in every fuch cafe, the rectifier or compounder fo offending, (hall for each offence forfeit the fam of two hundred pounds.

XX.	Arid be it ena&ed, That every rectifier or com- HoW ftills pounder of fpirits, dial! before he or (lie (hall begin to draw (hall be charged* off any fpirits from his or her dill, charge the i3mc h the ^c* proportion of not lefs than feven parts in ten of the whole Pena^ quantity of liquor which fuch ftill is capable of containing, and fuch ft ill lhall remain and rontiriufe fo charged, until he 6r (he (hall begin to draw eff fpirits therefrom, and every fuch *ftill (hall be worked off within eighteen hours, to be computed from the time of the officer taking the gauge of , the dill, and if any re&ifier or compounder of fpirits, (hall begin to draw off any fpirits from any dill not fb charged,

Or ffiall not work oft the fame within fuch eighteen hours, he or flie (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the furtt of one hundred pouud3.

Vou XI.	No	XXI.

i

Spirit!* of greater ftrength •han t in 5, under hydrometer proof, (hall be forfeited.

Where fpirits of win* is kept apart from other liquors, permit* may granted, conditioned as ha an.

Where ftrength not eafily afccr-taiued, the quantity and nrength (hall he marked on cafk*.

The tbit ly-eighth Tear cf George III*

XXI.	And be it ena&ed, That no rectifier or compounder of fpirits, (hall fell or fend out any brandy, rectified fpirits, compounds, or other fpirits, of any greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, and if ahy fuch rectifier or compounder ftiall fell or fend out any brandy, re<ftified fpirits, compounds, or other fpirits, of any greater or higher degree of ltre.ugth than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, all fuch brandy, rectified fpirits, compounds, or other fpirits, together with the caf.cs or vcflcls containing* the fame, fhall be forfeited, and may be fazed by any officer or officers of ex-effe, and fuch rectifier or compounder (hall alfo forfeit treble the value of fuch fpirits, to be deemed and taken according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices* at which the beft Irifii brandy, rectified fpirits, compounds, or other fpirits, do, or (hall bear, or fell for, in the city of Dublin, at the time when fuch penalty (hall be: incurred.

XXII.	Provided always t and le it ena&ed, That it (hull and may be lawful for any rectifier or compounder of fpirits,. and for any dealer or dealers in re&ified fpirits, ufon condition of his or her keeping lift or her whole ftock of fpiiits of wine, ft pa rate and apart from his or her ftock of other liquors, but not otherwife, to demand and receive permits for fending out fphits of wine of any higher or greater degree of ftrength than that of one in live under hydrometer proof, to any perfon, not being a linker, rectifier, or compounder of fpirits, fo that the whole quantity of fuch fpirits of wine to be fer.t out to any one perion in the fame day, fhall not exceed one hundred and twenty gallons, and the officer granting fuch permit, fhall therein exprefs the fame to be double fpirits, and fhall debit the ftock of fuch rectifier, cor p under* or dealer, at the rate of two hundred gallons' of In fit fpi its for every one hundred gallons of fpirits of wine fo permitted.

XXIII.	And be it enabled, That in all cafes where the ftrength of any part of the ftock of any rectifier or compounder of fpiiits, by being mixed with any fugar, fyrnp, feeds, fruit, or other ingredients or materials, cannot be eafily ascertained by the hydrometer, fuch re&ifier or compounder, fhall upon twelve hours notice given him by the officer of excife, caufe the true quantity and degree of ftrength of fuch fpirits fo mixed, to be legibly marked on the outlide of every cafk or vefiel containing the fame refptc-tively ; and if the ftrength of fuch fpirits fhall be found to be untruly marked by fuch re&ifier or compounder on the outfide 01 any cafk or veffel, or if he or fhe fhall upon fuch * r'vp hours notice given as aforefoid, negledt to mark the

quantity

%

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

quantity and degree of ftrength of fuch fpirits as aforefaid, fuch fpirits, fyrup, feeds, fruit, and other ingredients, together with the calks and vtflels containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of excifc, and fuch re&ifier or compounder, (hall alfo for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; and for making unto re&ifiers and compounders of. fpirits, a fair allowance for that encreafeby water, fugar, fyrup, or fruit, which may be neceffary, there (hall be allowed permits for fending out any number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and fifty gallons of Irifh brandy, re&ified fpirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydro-, meter proof, which they rcfpeSively (hall have received from any dilliller of fpirits. . *

XXIV.	And be it ena&ed, That once in every three months at the lead, the officers of excife (hall take an account of the flock of brandy, re£lified fpirits, raw fpirits, compounds, and other fpirits of every redliner or compounder of fpirits, and if on taking any fuch account, the ftock fp taken, added to the quantity of fpirits for conveying which to fuch re6tificr or compounder, permits (hall have been granted fince the time of taking the laft preceding account of ftock, (hall be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found by the officer cr officers of excife, at the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock, by the officer or officers of excife, added to the quantity of fpirits afterwards received by permit, at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, with the allowance of fifty gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received, computing fuch ftock at the ftrength of one in three and three-fourths, under hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirits equal to the quantity of fpirits fo found in cxcefs, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, from and out of luch ftock ; and the perfon or perfons in wliofe ftock fuch quantity of fpirits fo found in exccfs, (hall be difeovered or found, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXV.	And be it enacted, That if on taking any fuch acc unt of the ftock of any re&ifier or compounder, it (hall appear that fuch reclifier or compounder has uot actually made ufe of the whole allowance by this a & granted, fo much thereof as (hall not appear to have been made ufc of, deducting therefrom fy much as will be fufficient to reduce the (lock then found on hand, to the fbength of one in three and three-fourths under hydrometer proof, (hall be taken from his, her, or their credit, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it cna&cd, That all and every the fines penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this ati, (hall and

N n 2	may

Officers to take account of ftock every 3 months.

tf whole allowance not ufed difference taken from ere-

Fines, &c. recovered as by 14 6c 15 C i.

Digitized

d by Google

5H	The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

A, D«	may be fued for, recovered, and levied in fuch manner and

1798.	form* and by fuch ways and means, arid with fuch powers

and authorities, as are preferibed, directed and appointed, in and by an ad of parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, /in ad for the fettling of the excife or nrtu im~ poji upon his Maiejly, his heirs and fuceeffors, according to the book of rates therein infer ted, as fully and effedually to all intents, conftrudioni, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned,' ex prefled and enaded.in this ad, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who (hall think him, her,'or themfclves aggrieved or injured, a* irr and by fhe faid ad is provided.

In fetee to XXVlI. And be it enafted, That this a § (hall conti-a9 Sep** *79$* nue, and be in force until the twenty-tainth day of September, one thonfand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from then6e to the end of the then next fc/fion of parliament and no longer.

CHAP. LIII.

jin A8 for the more effedually preventing the forcing of the Not ft and Bills of the Governor a fid Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the Circulation of fogged Notes and Bills of the faid Governor and Company.

WHEREAS the offences of forging and counterfeiting the note* and b*l!s of the governor and Company of the bank of Ireland, and of fraudulently uttering and negotiating forged ami counterfeited notes ind bills of the laid governor and company are, notwithftanding the laws' now in force, frequently pnv&ifed, to the great irtjaiy of trade, and the manifcll prejudice of his Majefty’tf fubjcCts: J	and whereas feme of the proviiions of an ad palled in the

Provifions in thirty-feventh year of his Majcfty’s reign, entitled. An ad ?Jfl£cnt5* iD" i0 Prsven* forPn'S °f notcs an^ bills, of the governor and company of the hank of Ireland,* and to prevent the obtaining of falfe Ctedlt, and ‘he committing of frauds, by the imitation of notes or bills of the fold governor and company, have been found infufficient f r the purpofes intended by the faid ad ; and it is therefore expedient to repeal fo much of the faid ad, a9 makes it a felony punishable by tranfportation for life, for any perfon or pcdtms, other than the officers, workmen, fervants, or agents for the time being of the faid governor and company, to be authorized and appointed for that pur* pofe by the faid governor and Company, and for the ufc of the faid governor and company only, to make or ufe, or

taufa

Frrfom-who

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

caufe or procure to be made or ufed, or knowingly to aid or aflift in the making er ufing, or knowingly to hav^ in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, without lawful excufe, any frame, mould, or inftrument, for the making of paper,

'with the word?, “ Bank of Ireland,” vifible in the iub ftance of fuch paper, or to make, or caufe or procure to be made, or knowingly to aid or aflift in the making of any paper, in the fubftance of which the faid words, “ Bank of Ireland,” Ihould be vifible, or by any art, myftenr, or contrivance, to caufe or procure the faid words, “ Bank of Ireland, to appear vifible in the fnbilance of any paper what-foever, or knowingly to aid or affift in caufing the laid words, ** Bank of Ireland,” to' appear in the fubftance of any paper whatfoever; be it therefore ena&c4 by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the adyice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons io this present parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the lame. That the laid herein before recited part of the faid aft, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

11.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon {hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forg- counterfeit bank ed, counterfeited, or altered, or aft or allift in the forging,	”£lc

counterfeiting, or altering any bank note of the governor fraud ^ and company of the bank of Ireland, qy any endorfenjent f« death, of any bank note of the faid governor and company, or any bank bill of exchange of the laid governor and company, or * acceptance or endorfement of any bank bill of exchange of the faid governor and company, or any bank poll bill of the faid governor and company, , or acceptance ortndorfe-ment of any bank poll bill of the faid governor and com? pany; or (hall alter, or caufe or procure to be altered, ^r hft or aflift in the altering the number or principal fum, Ur any other part of any luch bank note, bank bill of ex? change, or bank poll bill, with intention to defraud the faid governor and company^ or their fucceflbrs, or to de? fraud any perfop or pcrlons whomfoever, or with any fraudulent intention whatfoever; or /ball offer or diTpofe of, o* put away any forged, counterfeited, or altered bank note i>f the faid governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered endorfement of any bank note of the faid governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered bank bdl of exchange of the laid governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or alfered endorfement of any bank bill of exchange of the faid governor and company^ or any forged, counterfeited, or altered	I

bank poll bill of the faid governor and company, or any forged, counterfeited, or altered endorfement of any bank poll bill of the Jriid governor and company, or any bank '	notcr



S«6	*The	thirty-eighth	Te*r	of George III.

note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poll bill of the faid

fovernor and company in which the principal fum or nnm-er has been falfely altered, or (hall demand the money in fuch bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part ‘ thereof, of the faid governor and company, or of any of their clerks, agents, officers, or fervants, with intention to defraud the (aid governor and company, or their fucceffors, cr any other perfon or perfons, or with any fraudulent intention whatfoever, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or fhall aid, .bet, affifl, bite, or command any other perfon or perfons to commit any fuch of-. fence as aforefaid; even fuch perfon fo offending, lhall be deemed a felon, and fuffer death without benefit of clergy.

III. A fid be it enabled, That if any perfon other than an officer, work-man, fejvant, or agent for the time being, mouldsformak- l^e fcovernor ^nd company of the bank of Ireland, authorized and appointed for that purpofe by the faid governor and company, and for the ufe of the faid governor and company only, (hall make or ufe, or caufi- or procure

Perfons not authorised who make or ufe

injj paper, or bare paper rc-fembling f uch

Ireland he t0 ^ ma<^e or	or	knowingly aid or affifl in making or

tranter tech for*	or	without being authorized and appointed as afore-

™	faid,	(hall	knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody or

poffeffion, without lawful excufe, the proof whereof fhall be on the perfon accufed, any frame, mould, or inflrument'for the making of paper, in the fubllance whereof would be vi-fible the words, Hank of Ireland, or the greater part of fuch words, or in the fubfiance whereof would be viiible, any device or diflinflion peculiar to, and appearing in the fub-ftance of the paper ufed by the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, for notes and bills of exchange of the Bank of Ireland, or fhall make, or catife or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or affifl in making any paper in the fubllance of ^hich the faid words, Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of fuch words, oriany device or diflicrion peculiar to, and appearing in the fubllance of the paper ufed by the faid governor and. company, foi* notes and bills of exchange of the Bank of Ireland, fhall be vifiblc, or if any perfon, except as before excepted, frtall knowingly have in his or her cuftodv or poffeffion, without lawful excufe, the proof whereof fhall b<; on the perfon accufed, any paper whatfoever in the fubllance of which the words. Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of fuch words, or any device or difltn&ion peculiar to, and appearing in the fuhflance of paper ufed by the faid governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, for notes or bills of exchange, of the Bank of Ireland, fhall be viiible, ox if any perfon, except as before

excepted*

Digitized by

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

excepted, fhr.ll by any art, myfterv, or contrivance, c^e or procure, or knowingly aid orafGtl in caufing or procuring the wordr, Bank of Ireland, or the greater part of fuch words, or any device or diftin&ipn j>eculiar to, and appearing in the fubftince of the paper ufed by the governor and company of the Bank of 11eland, for notes or bills of exchange of the bank of Ireland, to appear in the fubflance of any paper whatfoever, every perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convifled, fhall for fuch offence be adjudged a felon, and fhall be tranf-poi*tcd for the term, of lus or her life.

IV.	And be it enacted, That if any perfon other than an officer workman, ferva.it, or agent, for the tiipe being, of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, authorized a fd appointed for that purpofe, by the (aid governor and company, and for the ufe of the faid goyernor and company only, fjuill make or ufe, or cai|fe or procure fo be made or ufed, or knowingly aid or afiill in making or ufing? or without being authorized ajid appointed as aforefaid, fhall knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody or po£ fefiion,- without lawful excufc, the proof whereof fhall be on the perfon accufed, any plate or inflrument of metal or wood, or of any other materials whatfoever, in or upon which there fhall be, or he made or imprefled, or which would make or imprefs the form of words, or any part of the form of words imprinted or imprefled on, or ufed in any notes, or bills of exchange of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland, or any (lamp or inflrument of metal or wood, or of any other materials whatfoever, upon which there fhall be, or be made or imprefled, or which would make or imprefs any of the devices, diftin&Jons, or f]ourifhes, printed or engrofTcd on any notes or bills r f exchange of the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, every perlbn fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hull for fuch offence be adjudged a felon, and fhall be traniported for the term of his or her life.

V.	And be it enabled, That if any perfon (hall have in his or her polTefTion or cuftody, any forged or counterfeited hote or notes, bill or bjlls of exchange, of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an intent' to utter or negociate the fame'as the true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchang *, of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, every fuch pnf»n fo offending, and being thereof £onvi£led, fhall be pouilhed by fine, imprisonment, pillory, Or other corporal puniftimcnt, according to the diferetion of the court before he or (he (hill be profccuted for fu^h offence.

'	VI.	And

5$7

A. 1). ,798. Chap- 53*

Perfon* not

authorifed, who make or ufe.

Sec. inflrument for imprefling devices :n Bank of Ireland note*, fhall be tranf-ported for life*

Perfon 3 wU®

have forced n< to, with intention to utter than may be fined, &c.



Digitized h ^ JJ .

$t>8

A- p.

1798. Chap. 53.

Juftices mty grant war rants, to fcarch for forged notes, frames, plates, 6cc.

Tht thirty-eighth Vear of George III.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That upon oath being made be. fore any jufticc of tjie peace by’ one credible perfon, that there is juft caufe to fufpe6t that any one or more perfon or perfons hath or have been concerned in forging or counterfeiting any notes or bills of the governor and company of the Sank of Ireland, or In making or ufing any frame, mould or inArument for making paper, in imitation of the paper ufed in notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or in making fuch paper, or in engraving or cutting any plate or plates of metal or wood, or of other materials upon which fhoulej be, or be made or im-prefled, or* which would make or imprefs as aforefaid, the form of words printed on, or ufed in any notes or bills of the governor and company of the’ bank of Ireland, or any part of fuch form, or in engraving or cutting any ftamp or inftrument, on which (hall be, or be made or impreffed, or which would make or imprefs any of the devices, diftinc-tiona or flouriihes printed or engraved o:j the notes, and bills Of exchange, of the governor and com any of the bank of Ireland, or upon oath being made before fuch jullice as aforefaid, that there is reafon to fufpeft that any of the herein before mentioned tools’or inurements. Or that any paper made in imitation of the paper ufed by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as aforeuid, are knowingly concealed or fecreted by any perfon or perfons, then, and in all fuch cafes, it may be lawful for fuch jufticei or any perfon or perfons empowered by warrant under his band and feal, to fearch the dwelling-houfe, room, work* fhop, out-houfe, yard, garden, or other pkpe belonging to fuch fufpe&ed perfon or perfops, for fuch fbrgecj notes, or bills, frame, mould, or inftrument, p^j’ief, plate or plates, and if any fuch be found in any place fo fearched,* or found in the cuflody or pofleflion of any perfon hr perfons, not then employed by the governor and 'company of the bank, nor having the fame by fome lawful authority, then it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or

ferfons difcoveritig the fame, to feize, afnd he and'they are ereby authorifed and required to feize the fame, and to carry them forthwith tofomejuftice of the peace of the county, city, or place where the fame (hall be frized, and /hall caufa the fame to be fo fecured, that the fame (ball be forthcoming, to be produced in evidence again ft fuch perfon or per* fons as (hall or may be profccuted for any of ’the offences aforefaid, and after fuch time as fuch forged note or notes, or any fuch frame, mould, or inflrument, papery plate, or plates, or any of them (hall have been produced in evidence, as well.the fame fo produced, as the others fo feized, and pot made ufe of in evidence, and every of them (hall forthwith, by order of the court, where fuch offender or offenders,

\

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

/coders fhall be tried, or by order of fuch, or fome other juiticc of the peace, in cafe there be no fuch trial, be defaced and deflroyed, or otherwise difpofed of, as fuch court, or fuch juftice' (hall diredl. •

VII.	Provided always, That any peifon or perfons, who _____________H

hath or have committed, or before the palling of tjps ad, mittcd before fhall commit any of the offences fpecified in that part of the palling this *3, faid ad hereby repealed, fhall be indi&cd, tried, a«d in all ** pamlb* refpeds proceeded againft, and if convi&cd, fentcnced and punifhed as if this ad h^d not been paffed#

Offences cpm-

C H A P. LTV.

fin AS for the letter Regulation of the Royal Canal Company.

WHEREAS for the better condu&ing the affairs of the royal' canal company, and for promoting the completion of the faid canal, it is neccfTary to eflablifh certain regulations adapted to the circumftanccs of the faid company; jbe it enaded by the king’s moll excellent Ma-jdly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri* tual and temporal,' and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by. the authority aforefaid. That no perfon fliall be permitted or qualified to vote at any afTembly of the faid company, or at any adjournment thereof, or have any right to intermeddle in any fort in the affairs of the faid company, unlefs he or Ihc fhall have, in his or her own name and right, or in the right of his or her teftator or intedate, at leall fix (hares of the dock of the faid company, of one hundred pounds each, any law, cudom, or ufage to the contrary notwithdand.ng.	1	'	*

ll. And be it enabled, That every perfon who fhall have twelve (hairs or upwards, of one hundrc4 pounds each, of the dock of the faid company, for the fpace of fix months, jn his or her own right, or as executor or adminidrator of any other, fhall be qualified and be permitted to givq,a vote at any afTembly of the laid company, or at any adjournment thereof, for every fix hundred pounds, which fuch perfon fhall be entitled tb, of the dock of the faid company in fuch fhares; provided always, that no peifon fhall, in re-fpedt of any amount cf dock which he or die fhall pofTcfg Jn his own right, or. to which he or fhe fhall be entitled as executor cr adminidrator of any other perfon, be allowed to have mote than five vote3 i:i refpodt of each fuch.flock, yefpedlively.

ill. And

None fhaM vote who hatm not 6 (hares of 100L each.

Fvery holder of is (hares or upwards (hall have vote for every fix.

$70 A. D.

Peril ns 'laving mote than 'OM vote may •ppeint pioxtcs.

BotHe* politic entitled to vote.

A meeting to eletf at directors (hall he held in I month after palling

. *3.

a I dire Dors to hr chofen every Jsa.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

III.	And be it enadled, That every perfon who fhall bare a right to give more votes than one, mny appoint a proxy to appear tor him or her ; and fuch proxy being a member of the faid company, and having a right to vote, fhall give as many votes at every iuch afL-mbly and adjournmci t, as the perfon making fuch proxy would be entitled to give, any tewf rule, ullage, or cutlom to the contrary notwith-flanding ; and every proxy fhall be appointed in fuch man-ner and form, ^and funjedt to fuch regulations as to appointing a proxy, and entitling the perfon appointed a pToxy to vote, as have been alieady 'eftablifhed with refpedt to the appointing of proxies, and entitling fuch proxies to vote at aflerablics of the faid company and adjournment thereof; provided always, that no member of the faid company fhall, at any afleipbly of the faid company, vote as prQxy of more than two ether members of the faia company.

IV.	And be it ena&cd, That every body politic or corporate, who fhall at any time be pofTcfTed of as many fhaies of the flock of the faid company, as fhall entitle any per* fon to vote as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to the fame rights and privileges as any private perfon is or may be entitled to, by virtue of this adl; and fuch body politic or corporate may, in manner as heretofore, appoint any perfon to vote on the part of fuch body politic or corporate, at fuch afTem-blies as aforefaid.

V.	And be it enabled, That within the fpace of one calendar month from the day of palling this adl, a general aflcmbly of the faid company fhall meet, fourteen days notice being given of fuch meeting, and the faid company fhall, at fuch afTembly, proceed to elbdhnnd choofe frotax amdngffc the members thereof, by a majority of the votes of the members then prefent, or by proxy, twenty-one perfons to be directors, each of which perfons fhall be pofteffed of, and entitled to one thoufand two hundred pounds at thcleaft, in the capital flock of the company, and fuch twenty-one di-rcdlors to be cledled and chofen, thali continue in office directors from the time of fuch election, until others fhall be duly chofen in tlicir refpedlive places, purfuant to this adl, unlefs they or any of them fhall fooner die, refign, or become disqualified; and from the time of fuch elcdiion, fuch cf the prefent diredlors as fhall not be fo chofen, fhall ccafe to be dirtdlors.

VI.	And be it enadled, That in each and every year, for ever thereafter, a general aifembly of the company fhall meet on fome day in the month of January in every year, fourteen days previous notice of fuch meeting being given, and fhall in like manner eledt and choofe from among the members of the company, and by the majority of the votes of

5 or more

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

the members of the company then pnefent, either in perfoa or by proxy, twenty-one perfons to be directors of the company for the year then next enfuing, each of which perfons fhall be portciTed of one thoufand two hundred pounds at the lead, of the faid capital dock ; and which faid twenty-one perfons, fo to be annually chofen, (hall feverally Continue in office for one year, from the time of fuch their eleftion, and until others (hall be duly chofen i nto'their place refpeftively, unltfs iu cafe of death, refignation or difqualification. '

VII.	And be it cnafted, That the faid twenty-one per-fous lb to be chofen and elefted, or any five or more of theVn, director* called (hall be' called a court of difeftors, for the ordering, md- * court> naging, and direftmg the affairs of the company, and fti3ll,

■under the rules, orders, and regulations of the company, carry on, conduft, arid ‘tranfaft the general bufinefs of the company, fubjeft neverthelefs to the controul of tl\e comply	#	...........

vUI. And be it enafted, That no perfon Ihall continue None con-in office as a direftor longer than he fhall be poflefled in his tinuc director* own name and right of one thoufand two hundred pounds, longer than they at the lead, in the capital flock of the faid company ; and Pnffef8 1200L in fuch cafe the office of fuch diredfor Ihall ceafe and be-come vacant, and another direftor (hall be chofen in his room, by the company, in manner aforefaid.

IX.	And be it enafted, That in cafe of the death, re- EJcaionof fignation, or difqualification of any of the faid direftors, directors, dec. the furvivors of them, or the majority of thofe remaining

in office, fhall, within one month of* fuch death, refignation, or difqualification of any of the faid direftors, call an aflcmbly of the company, in order to eleft, and the company fhall, at fuch alfembly, eleft another perfon or other perfons qualified as aforefaid, in the room of the perfon or perfons who fhall die, refign, or become disqualified.

X.	And be it enafted, That within the fpace of one ca- Meeting lendar month from the day of parting this aft, a general within 1 month aflcmbly of the faid company fhall meet, fourteen days no- J"or eleftion at tice being given of fuch meeting, and the faid company crcmv fhall, at luch afTembly, proceed to cleft and choofe by a

majority of the votes of the members then prefent, or by proxy, proper perfons to fill the feycral offices eflablifhed for tranfafting the bufinefs of the faid company, otherwife than in the execution of the works of the faid canal; and the perfons fo to be elefted and chofen, fhall refpeftively continue in their refpeftive offices from the time of fuch eleftion, until others fhall be duly chofen in their refpeftive places, purfuant to this aft, unlefs they or any of them fhall Jboncr die or refign, or be diimifled by the faid company;

*	and

57*

A. I*.

1798.

'----.---->

Eledion of officers every January.

4 pnblick a &.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

from the time of fuch eledion, fuch of the prefent officers as (hall not be fo chofen, (hall be no longer officers.

XI.	And be it enaded, That in each and every year, for ever thereafter, a general affembly of the company (hall /ncet, on fome day in the month of January, fourteen days previous notice of fuch meeting being given, and (hall in like manner eled and choofe, by the majority of the votes of the members of the company then prelent, either in perfon or by proxy, proper perfons to fill every fuch office as aforelaid; and every perfon fo chofen (hall continue in office for one year, from the time of fuch his eledion, and until another (hall be duly chofen in his plaice, unlefs in cafe of death, refignation, ojr difmifTal from office, before the en<} of fuch year.

XII.	And be ft further enaded, That this (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices and other peribns whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame*

CHAP. LV.

An A3 for the King's Mojl Gracious, General and Free Pardon.

THE king’s moft excellent Majefty being always defirous to fhew his royal inclination to mercy, and conlidering that divers of his fubjeds have rendered them-Telves obnoxious to the laws, and fubjed to the higheft penalties, by being concerned in the unnatural rebellion which had broken forth in this kinfgdom, from which they can in no wife be freed, but by his Majefty’s great goodnefs and clemency ; and that fome of fijs Majefty’s fubjeds, in fiip-preffing, counterading, and putting down the faid rebellion, may have done divers ads, which could not be juftified by (he (bid terms of law ; and being gracioudy inclined to yncourage all his loving fubjeds to return and continue in their due obedience to his Majefty, rather by ads of grace and mercy, than by a fevere execution of juftice, and defirous of quieting the minds of his fubjeds in general, hath, upon mature deliberation, refolved and determined to grant his general and free pardon, in a large and bountiful manlier, not doubting but that however it may be received by thofe who are obftinatcly bent on the ruin of their country, it will raife a due fenfe of gratitude in all who have been artfully raided into trcafonable pradices again ft his perfon

and

5 .

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-eighth Tear tf George III*	573

and govertiment, and preferve them and others from Handing *Ai D, in need of the like mercy for the future, when fuch cle- 1798. mency may not be fo expedient for the public welfare, as it	Chap. 55.

would be agreeable to his Majefty’s inclination ; and hoping	*i	1^

that all his fublefts by this aft of grace will be induced henceforth, with more chearfulnefs and affeftion, to apply themfelves in difeharge of their refpeftive duties to his Majefty, and to life in a loyal and dutiful obedience to him; therefore his Majefty is well pleafed and contented that it be ena&ed by the authority of this prefent parliament, and be it ena&ed by the authority of the fame, That all and every Hrs Majefty's his Majefty’s fubjefts of this his Majefty’s kingdom of Ire- fobjea* par-land, their heirs, fucceflors, executors and adminiftrators, <J?Dcd i"/ and every of them, (hall be, by the authority of this pre-Cent parliament, acquitted, pardoned, releafed and dif- ficc. as herein, charged agalnft the king’s moft excellent Majefty, his heirs ar<d fucceffors* and every of them, of and from all fuch treafons, mifprifions of treafons, felonies, feditious and unlawful meetings, treasonable and feditious words or libels, and stlfo of and from all fuch riots, routs, offences, contempts, trefpafles, pains of death, pains corporal, and pains pecuniary, and generally of and from all fuch other things, caufes, quarrels, fuits and executions which have been had, made, done, committed, perpetrated, incurred, or forfeited in profecution or furtherance of the faid rebellion, or in fupprcfiing, counteracting, or in any manner putting down the fame, before and until the twenty-fecond day of Auguft, in the year of our lord Onethdufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and which can or may be by his Majefty, in any W fe, or bv any means pardoned, and in this aft hereafter not excepted or foreprized.

II And alfo the king's moft excellent Majefty is con- Said pardon tented that it be cnafted, and be it enafted by the authority as cffc^uala* aforefftidj That this his Majefty *s pardon (hall be as good if offences were and effeftual in Utw, to every of "his faid fubjefts, and others JJ^ed &c before rthearfed, in, for, and againft all the things afore- namc ’ c* faid, and not hereafter by virtue of this prefent aft excepted and foreprized, 2s the fame pardon would have been if all fuch offences, contempts, forfeitures, judgments, executions, penalties and other things not hereafter by virtue of this aft excepted and foreprized, had been particularly,

Angularly, fpceiallyand plainly named, and alfo pard6ncd by proper and txprtfs words and names ; and that his faid iuh-jeft3, or any of them, the heirs, executors, or ntiminiii Tutors of any of them, be not, nor (hall be filed, vexed or unquieted in their bodies, goods, chattels, lands or tenements, for any matter, caufe, contempt, .mifdemeanor, forfeiture, trcfpafs or offence, or any thing done, fuffered or

committed

Digitized by

HU Majefty

Sautt all g**ds,

c. &c. u herein.

ThisaCt may

be pleaded, pi)-inv i6d. to the clerk.

HU Majefly’s faiil parden (ha. I be allowed in all evurts.

The thirty eighth Tear of George III.

committed in profetmtioh or furtherance of the faid rebellion,- or in fupprefling, countera&ing, or in any manner putting down the fame, before the twenty-fecond day of Auguft, a gain ft his Majefty, his crown, dignity, prerogative, or the laws or ftatutes of this realm, but only for fuch matters, caufc, and offences, as be hereafter mentioned to be cxcepied and foreprizedby virtue of this aft, any ftatute or ftatutes, laws or cultoms hereafter had, made or ufed to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Ami the king’s moft excellent Majefty, of his bounteous liberality, and by the authority aforefaid, doth grant, and freely give to every of his fubjefts, all goods, chattels, debts, fines, ufes and profits, amerciaments, forfeitures, and Turns of money by any of them forfeited, which to his Majefty do or (hall appertain, by reafon of any fucli treafon, felony, offence or contempt, matter or thing as aforefaid, fuffer^d, done, of committed by them, or any of them, i:i furtherance or profecution of the faid rebellion, or in fupprcflmg, counteracting, or in any manner putting down the fame, before the faid twenty-fecond day of Auguft, not hereafter by virtue of this prefent aft. foreprized or excepted.

IV.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every his JViajt fly's fubjefts may, by h m or them-felvcs, or by his or their deputy or deputies, or by his or their attorney or attomics, accotding to the laws of this realm, plead this aft of free pardon for his or their difeharge of, or for any thing that is by virtue of this aft pardoned, chfeharged, given or granted, without any fee or other tiling payable to any perfon or perfons for the writing or entering of the judgment or other caufe concerning luch plea, waiting or entry, but fixteen pence to the clerk or officer that fhall enter fucli plea or matter for judgment, or the party’s difeharge in that behalf, any law, cuitom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And further the King’s Majefty is contented and pleuled that it be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this his INlajetty’s free pardon, by the general wurds, ciaufes and fentences before rebearfed, fhall be reputed, deemed, adjudged, expounded, allowed and taken, in all manner of courts of his Majefty and elfcwhcre, moft beneficial and available to all and lingular the faid fub-jefts, and to every of them, in all things not by virtue of this prefent aft excepted and foreprized, without any ambiguity, queftion, or other delay to be made, pleaded, objected or allcdged by the King’s Majefty, his heirs or fue-ceflors, or by any perfon or perlons for bis Majefty, or any cf his heirs or fucceffois ; excepted and foreprized out of

this

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

this aft of general and free pardon, all perfons being in ao A. D* tual cuftody on the ftrlt day of January, one thoufaud feven .	1798.

hundred and ninety-five, or who have been in fuch cuftody . Chap. 55. at any time iince, under any charge of treafon, or fufpicion — of treafon, or treafon able pra vices; and alfo excepted out perfonsand of this pardon, all manner of voluntary and deliberate mur- crimes excepted* ders, petty treafons, and wilful poifonings; as alfo, all and w ilcrc“l* all manner of confpiracies of murder, petty treafons or wilful poifonings, done, committed, had, or entered into, refpeftively, and all and every the acceffaries to the fame offences, or any of them ; and alfo excepted out of this pardon, all perfons who have been enrolled or commiffioned in troops or companies, purfuant to art a6f pafTed in the thirty-feventh year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for encouraging and difeiphning fuch corps of men as fball voluntarily enroll tbemfelves under officers to be commiffsoned by bis Mnjejly for the defence of this kingdom, during the prefent war, • and who have delerted from fuch troops or companies, and * joined in the faid horrid and unnatural rebellion ; and alfo excepted out of fuch pardon, all fuch perfons fo commiffioned and enrolled a9 aforefiid, who -have adminiftered any trea-fonable or illegal oath, engagement or obligation, to any perfon, fince they were fo commiffioned or enrolled, refpec-tively ; and alfo excepted out of (uch pardon, all offences of confpiring, carrying on, confenting to, affifting, or being concerned in any defign or propofal for invading or procuring an invafion of this realm, by the forces of any foreign power at war with his Majdty, 0$ by any other foreign force, or of holding communication or correfpondence with any fuch foreign power; and alfo excepted out of fuch pardon, all per ons who have been members of any committees, called or known by the name or defeription of executive or national committees, or of provincial or county committees, refpe&ively, of united lrifhmen ; and alfo excepted out of this pardon, all perfons who have adled as general?, adjuUnts-geneials, colonels, lieutenant-colonels, majors or captains, refpe&ively, in any army, regiment, company, or troop, arrayed or levied for the profecution of the faid molt hori id and unnatural rebellion ; and alfo excepted out of this pardon, all perfons who have been in any manner concerned in the faid horrid and unnatural rebellion, .who (hall not deliver up all arms and ammunition of every kind, in tluir poffeffiun, power, or cuftody, reipeclively, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, rcipe&ively, as ffiall be limited and appointed by proclamation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of his Majefty’s privy council of the lame ; alfo excepted out of this pardon, all fuch perfons as during

the

2

Digitized by

Google

The thfry-eighth Tear tf Gtorge III.

the pnefent fcifion of parliament, are; Or (hall be attainted of high trfcafoo, by ad of parliament; or otherwise ; » alfo sol perfons who have been convided by any court-mar. tial, fince the twenty-fourth day of May, one thoufamf feven hundred and ninety-eight, of hiving been concerned In, or of aiding and abetting, the faid horrid and unnatural^ rebellion ; and fdfo excepted out of thiaf pardon, all offenceu committed or done, fince the fir ll day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, again ft any ad oif parliament, entitled, sfn a3 for punching mutiny and defer* tion, and for the better payment of the army and their attar* ten; and alfo excepted out of this ad,’ and every cuulir contained therein, Jamea Napper Tandy, late of the city ct4cpctfn of Dublin, merchant; Edward John Lewins, of Beresford* ftrect, in the city of Dublin, attorney ; John Jackfon, of Chmeh-ftrect, in the city of Dublin, founder; Anthony* M‘Cann, of Cordery, in the county of Down, linen-draper $ Theobald Wolfe Tone, late of the city of Dublin, bar-rifter at law; reverend Arthur M^ahon, tif Hollywood^ in the county of Down, prieft ; William Bailey, late act officer in the fcrvice of the honourable the Eaft India company ; Alexander Lowry, of Linen-hill, county of Armagh; linen-draper; Edward O'Finn, of the dty of Cork, woollen^ draper ; Jofeph Orr, of the city of Londpndeny, brazier; John Tennant, of Belfaft, merchant; William Lawlcfs, of the city of Dublin, itlrgeon ; John Corrnick, of thre dty of Dublin, feather mererrnt; Richard M‘Cormick, of the city of Dublin, ftuff-manufa<5turcr; Mile# Duigcnany of the city of Dublin, grocer ; James'Jackfon, of Newtownards; In the county of Down, apothecary; Hugh Dixon, of Wexford* fhip-owner ; Andrew Bryfon, of Newtownards, iV the county of Down, tanner; reverend James Townfcnd, of Grev Abbey, in the county of Down; the reverend James Hull, formerly near Bangor, in the county of Dowrr; Thomas Story, of Belfaft, printer* William Campbell,aliasM‘Keevers, of Upperland, in the county of Londonderry; Thomas Gunning Blafhfotd, junior, of Belfaft, merchant; Robert Wilfon, of Belfaft, an apprentice to a wholesale woollen draper; Robert Orr, of Belfaft, chandler; Jacob Nixon, of Belfaft,-fnrgeon; John Richards, late furgeon in the Ahtrini raililia ; Thomas Houfton, of Beffaft, fnrgeon y Matthew Kenns, Qf the barony of Kilkca and Moore, in fhre County of Kildare, farmer; Robert Rollo Reed, of fcdlygoww-bridge, in the county of Down, gentleman, and Fratoci# Burgefs, of Dnndnlk, in the county of Lotfth, tanner. Fcrfbnspan* VI. And be it further corded. That every perfbn and donedtnay perfons hereby pardoned, may plead the generaViffue, with-ptead gttexal Ctft fpecial pleading of this pardon, and give this a€t of ***	pardon in evidence for hi# diichargc; and that the fame fhatt

hi

Digitized by L^ooQle

This pardo*

*The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

be thereupon allowed, and advantage thereof be bad, at fully, to all intents and purpofes* as if the fame had been fully and well pleaded.

VI I. A nd be it further enafled, That this prefent pardon (hall be of as full force and effeft, to pardon and dif- hi fall fores, charge all and fingular the premifes above-mentioned, and intended to be pardoned and difeharged, as well ngainll fuch perfon or pet Tons, bodies politic or corporate, as do or (hall churn the fame, by or under any letters patent, charter, leafe or grant by his Majedy> or any his royal predcceffors, as againfl the King's Majefty himfelf.

VIII.	A nd whereas his Majefty may be gracioufi v pleafei HU Majefty of bis great goodnefs and clemency, to extend his royal may extend his tnercy to certain of the perfons whofe crimes have h»r;-n fo mercy to perfans foreprized arjfj excepted as aforefnid, upon fuch co ditions oteepted. as may be compatible with the fafety of h's Majdly's kingdoms ; therefore his Majefty is well pleafed and contented that it be enafted, and be it enabled by the authority afore-faid; That all peribns whofe crimes have been fo foreprized and excepted as aforefaid, (hall and may have the benefit of his Majcfty's mod gracious pardon, upon condition of banifhinent, or fuch other condition or conditions as hi*

Majefty (hall, in his royal wifdora, think fit to impofe.

CttAP. LVL

An A3 for the better Regulation and Examination of Pubttch Accounts.

WliEREAS thtf eftablifhment of certain and fpeedy methods in auditing, examining, comptrolling, and allowing all army, ordnance, and other military accounts of every defeription, together with fuch civil accounts as have hitherto been audited by the auditor of the impreft, mud enable the commiffioners of the treafury, more, effe&ually to con-troul the ifiue of the revenue* appropriated to fuch fervices* be it therefore cna&ed by the King's mod excellent fylajefty, by and with the advice and confent pf the lords fpiritnal and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament adem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the office, of Office of au* ' auditor of foreign and impred accounts fftall ceafe, and (hall ditor of imprett not hereafter be granted to, or exercifed by any perfon accounts (hall whatfoever, and that from and after the firft day of O&ober, Weftmrath’s** in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, p*c*nt vacated, the patent granted by his prefent Majedy, to the right, honourable George Frederick Nugent, earl of Weftmsath,

Vqx.. XL	O 9	of

578

Not to affeft toy but auditor of accoontt, 8cc.

To «irl aad eountds of ^Vefttneath, loool t year.

I>utJeaof laid office to be performed by commiffioners •f impreft.

An eliminator and comptroller of military account* t.ny be appoint* '4 by patent.

The thirty-eighth Tear tf George III.

of auditor of foreign and impreft accounts, (hall be vacated# and all powers thereby granted (hall ceafe, and no fee, gratuity, perquifite, or emolument (hall be received by any* perfon whomfoever, employed in the making up, palling, or auditing any public accounts under this aft

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein contained relating to the faid patent, (hall extend, or be conftrucd to extend to affeft the rights of any officer of the Exchequer, or any perfon whatfoever, other than the auditor of foreign and impreft accounts, and any perfon t>r perfons deriving under the office of the (aid auditor. ,

III.	And whereas it is juft, That when the faid earl of Weftmeath, (hall ceafe to execute the faid office of auditor of foreign and impreft accounts, he fhould %e compeufated for the lofs he may fuftain, be it therefore enafted, That from the time the faid earl of Weftmeath, (hall ceafe to execute the faid office of auditor of foreign and impreft accounts, there (hall be paid out of the fund called the con* folidated fund, to the laid earl of Weftmeath, diving his life, an annuity of one theufand pounds, and to the right honourable Elizabeth, countefs of Weftmeath, during hex life, an annuity of one thoufand pounds, and the commif-fioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, or any three or moie of them, are hereby authorized to iffue and pay the faid annuities by quarterly payments*

IV.	And be it enafted, That fo foon as the faid office of auditor of foreign and impreft accounts, (hall ceafe and .determine, the feveral duties of the faid office, as far as the fame relate to the auditing of the feveral accounts of the civil fervices of this kingdom, (hall be performed and executed under the commiffioners of impreft aacounts, who are hereby invefted with all the powers and authorities, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame duties, and liable to the feme con-troul, which the auditor of foreign and impreft accounts is now by law or cuftom invefted with, or fubjeft, or liable to, except, as the fame arc or (hall be altered oraffefted by this aft, and under fuch fcirther.regulations not contrary to law, as ths? lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, (hall from time Co time direft and eftabliih ; and that it ffiall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, tp make and eilablifti rules, orders, and direftions for the purpofes aforefaid.

V/And be it enafted, That from and after the paffnjj of this aft, it ihall and may he lawful for his Majeity, htv heirs and fucceflbrs, by letters patent tinder the great feal of this kingdom, to appoint an examinator and comptroller of all army, ordnance* barrack, commiflariat, and other

Solitary

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

military accounts of every defcription, with a yearly fatary not exceeding the fum of fix hundred pounds per annum, Vo be paid to fuch examinator and comptroller, as a reward to him for executing the office of examinator and comptroller of the accounts aforefaid, Xnd every perftm fo appointed, fhall hold his faid office during his Majefty’s plea-lure, and examine and controul all army, ordnance, barrack, commiflariat, and other military accounts of every deferip-tion, which fliall be laid before him for thatpurpofe, and prepare and certify the fame to the commiffioners of the treafury, and to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and in fuch manner, and under fuch regulations, itot contrary to law, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, fhall dire& and eftablifh, and fliall from time to time, examine and report on all military accounts as aforefaid, which fhall from time to time be referred to him by the commiffioners for executing the office of* lord high trelfurer of this kingdom, and that it fhall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor, to make and eflablifh rules, orders, and directions for the faid laft mentioned purpofes.

VI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it ffiall and may be lawful for his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor for the time being, to appoint an officer with a falary not exceeding three hundred pounds fierlrng, and two clerks with a falary not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds to the firfl clerk, and a falary not exceeding eighty pounds per annum, to the fecond qlerk, to prepare and engrofs civil accounts, in order to their being vouched and examined by the commiffioners of impreft accounts ; and alfo to appoint an affiftant to the comptroller Of army accounts, with a falary not exceeding three hundred pounds per annum ; and two affiftant clerks to the faid comptroller,of army accounts, with a falary not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds td the firft clerk, and a falary not exceeding eighty pounds per annum to the fecond clerk. V ,

VIL And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high tVeafifrer, or the commiffioners for executing the office o? lord hightreafurer, to ifTue out bf the fund, called the confolidatcd fund, the aforefaid fakriesof fix hundred pounds per annum, to the examinator and comptroller of the account? aforefaid; and of three hundred pounds per annjim, to the officer preparing civil accounts ; and one hundred and twenty pounds to the firft clerk, and eighty pounds per annum, to the fecond clerk, tm prepare and engrofs civil accounts; and alfo the afor&-O o a	faid

Lord lieut. may appoint ax officer and clerk as herein.

Salaries to ti ifTucd out of conioiulau4 fund.

Digitized by

Google

Regimental accounts pafEeil every month, cammiflarUt 3, and ordnance, barrack, &c every 6 months.

I

Oath to t>e taken by exi-minator.

C( mmiflion-er* of impreft accounts to

make enquiry a» Uwicin*

The tbfriy-eigbth Tear of George III.

(aid fums of three hundred peunds per annum, to the af-fillant to the iomptroller of army accounts ; and one hundred and twti ty pounds to the iirit clerk, and eighty pounds per annum to the fecond clerk, afiiftant clerks to the comptroller ot army accounts rcfpe&ively.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That all regimental acconnts, (hall from time to time be pafled and reported as aforefaid, every month, and all commiflariat accounts, once in every three months, and all ordnance, barrack, and other military accounts once in every fix montbs, and as often as the (aid lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom (hall think fit, to dired the faid regimental, commiirariat, ordnance, barrack, and other military accounts to be pafled and reported as afore faid

IX.	And be it further enabled. That the faid examinator and comptroller fo appointed as aforefaid, before he (hall enter upon the execution of the powers by this a& veiled in him, lhafl take an oath before the lord chancellor, or any judge of his Majefty’s courts in Dublin, for the time being, which they or any of them is or are hereby authorized and required to adminifler, the tenor whereof (hall be as followed :

I A. B. do fwchr, That I will impartially and without favour or prejudice ad as an examinator and comptroller in the exeretfe of au fuel powers and trufls as I Jball execute under an ad, entitled, An ad for the better regulation and examination of publich accounts.

X.	And to the intent that all fums of money which (hall hereafter be ifliied for any account or military lervice of any deferiptiou, fubjed by this ad to be examined and corr.pi-trolled by the examinator and comptroller aforefaid, may bejuftly and fully accounted for, be it enaded, That from and after the pafling of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the comraiflioneis of impreft: accounts, or any two or more of them, for the time being, and they are hereby required to call before them, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch accounts as aforefaid (hall have been examined, prepared, controlled, and certified by the examinator and comptroller aforefaid, to the faid commifiioners, which they arc hereby required to do with all convenient fpecd, the fe-veral perfens w ho (hall have received any publick money for any purpofe relating to the faid accounts, and fuch perfons as (hall nave prefented or prepared, or caufcd fuch accounts to be prepared, and the heirs, .executors, and admiuiftra-tors oi fuch perfons refpedively, and to require them to give an account of the expenditure of the faid money, and

to

Digitized by

Google -

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

to exhibit to the fid?! commiflioner9 all fnch accounts, certificates, warrants of expenditure, books, muniments, of bills whatfoever, as {hall concern the receipt or expenditure of fuch money, or the charge or difeharge of the account* thereof, and as fhall be in their power or cuftody, and to examine upon oath, (which oath apy one or more of them are hereby empowered to adminifter) the faid perfons touching the feveral items in the faid accounts, or any entries therein, and touching any matter relative to the receipt, expenditure, or non-expenditure of the faid money, and likewife to call before them and examine upon oath, (which oath any one or more of them are hereby empowered to adminifter) all fuch perfons whatfoever as they {hall have rea-fon to believe w^ve in any wife concerned in, or had any knowledge of the receipt or expenditure of. fuch money touching fuch receipt or expenditure, or in any way relating thereto ; and the faid commiflioners fhall perufe, call uj>, try, and examine the faid accounts, and upoji examination thereof, and" of all fuch books, papers, and other matters as they (hall think proper, they {hall make full, per-fe£I, and juft accounts, or declarations of the accounts containing the fum and fubllance thereof in charge and difeharge, and {hall certify the fame at fuch times and in fuch form and manner, and under fuch rules, regulations and di-re&ions, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom fhall appoint and effablifh, and that it {hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors to make and eftablifh rules, orders, and direftions for the faid laft mentioned purpofes.

X I. And be it enacled, That it fhall and may be lawful Lord licut. for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors ™ay order ac-fr»r the time being, whenever he or they fhall judre the fame counts u» he fur-

J. A	1 • r I	%	iff	1	1	mihed as he Ural]

expedient,	and in fuch	manner and	under fuch rules,	orders

and directions as the lord lieutenant* or other chief governor or governors fhall from time to time direCl and eftablifh, to order any perfon or perfons concerned in the receipt or expenditure of publick money, to furnifh due and proper accounts of the fame, to be laid before the faid commiflioners, to be by them examined and finally adjufttd and . fettled. '

XII	And be it enabled, That if any perfon duly fum- Perfons defy moned by precept under the hand and feal of the faid com- funimoned not millioners of impreft accounts, or any of them, to appear	or-

before the faid commiflioners, touching any of the matters aforefaid, to give evidence Or to exhibit any account, certificate, book, muniment, bill, paper, or writing, purfu-jmt to this or any former a£l, {hall refufe or negleCl to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforefaid articles in his or

her

A. >D.

1798-Chap. 56.

V

*



t



f

Digitized b



The thirtj-Afhth Tear df George III.

her cuftody, power, orpofleffion, at the day and time aji the fummons mentioned, or to anfwer any quell ion upon oath, which fhall be propofed to him or her by any of the faid commiflioners, touching any matter or thing which they are empowered or dire&ed to examine into by this or any former adl, every fuch pei fon (hall forfeit the fnm of one hundred pounds for every fqch neglecl or refufal, to be recovered by bill, adlion, plaint, or information, in any of-his Majefly’s courts of record, by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame, under the authority and directions of the (aid commiflioners, the amount of fuch penalties fo recovered, to be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer.

XIII	And be it enabled. That if any peribn fweariog 0r	before the faid commifltoners, or any of them,

herein*.	fhall	wilfully,	falfely, and con uptly, take any oath or a£

firmation, and be thereof lawfully convidled by verdidk, or by his or her confeffion, he or fhe fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, pains, and dlfdii ities, as perfons convicted of wuful and corrupt perjury are by any of the laws now in force in this king* do t», liable unto ; and if any perfon fhall corruptly procure or fuborn any other peifon to take fuch lalfe oath or affirmation, and the perfon fo procuring or fuboming, fhall be thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his or her confeffion, every perfon fo offending, fhall for every filch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, pains, and difabiljtits, as peifons convidted of hibernation of perjury are by any of thq laws now in force liable unto.

6». 8d. XIV And whereas the commifTioners of account have onJ^be^nfck	parliament	reported	that	a	fum	of	three

off by act of thoufand two hundred and cighty-one pounds fix fhillinga farlumect. and eight-pence, appearing to be in the hands of the governors of St. P^irick’s-hoipital, is an injuper difallowed by the commiflioners many years back, on account of its Dot being fupported by vouchers which were loti by a former jnaflcr, aiid that the faid fum or vouchers to fupport it can never be recovered, and that in its prefent Rate it does the jiHtiiution confiderable injury, for at a tune that they are pot able to difeharge their expences within the year, they appear to have a large fum of money in their hands, and that the faid infuper can only be flruck off by a& of parliament, which they the faid commilfionerfl flrongly recommended, that the pubiick may know the real Rate of this charity, than which none flanck more dcfeivin^ of pubiick aid, be it therefore ena&ed. That the said commuhoners of account be, and they are heieby authorised to ftrike off the faid fnm of three thoufand two hundred and eighty-one pounds jix /hillings and eight-pence; if they ihall think fit, and if.

Ferfons who fwear or affirm

Digitized by

Google



_ The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

the faid commiflioncrs of account (hall think proper fo to do, then the laid governor* of Saint Patrick’s-hofpital, /hall by virtue thereof be difehargdd from, and of the faid fum of three thoufand two hundred and eighty-one pounds fix (billings and eight-pence accordingly, provided tnat nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to alter or affelt the mode of accounting for money granted, or to be granted to the commiflioner* of firft-truiis for the building or rebuilding of churches or glebe houfes, as now eftablifaed by Jaw,

CHAP. X-VH.

An Ad to amend an Ad pajfltd in the Thirty-fisth Tear of HU prefent Mayfly, entitled, An Ad to make confpir'wg to Murder, felony % without Benefit of Clergy.

WHEREAS by an a&paflcd in the thirtydixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, an ad to make contouring to murder, felony, without benefit of clergy ; dead*, it is enabled, Tnat all peifons yrlio (hall be by due courfe of law convi&ed of confpiring, confederating, and agreeing to murder any perfon, (hall be, and be adjudged felon*, and (hall fuffer death a* felons, without benefit ot clergy : And whereas the faid recited a& hath been found ineffedual for the puiiifhtnent of the crimes pf propofing to, foliciting, and perfuading others to enter into and engage in fuch con-fpiracies 5 be it therefore enadled by the King7* moft ex-* ^client Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of th$ ford* fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That any perfon or perfon* who (ball propofe to, folicit, encourage, perfuade, or endeavour to encourage or perfuade any perfon or perfon* to murder any perfon, and (hall be thereof by due courfe of law convifted, (hall be, and be ad* judged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death, as iu cafes yf felony, without benefit of clergy.

Perfon* pon-

ej A ^

Digitized by

Google

f he thirty-eighth Year of George III.

J*4

A. D.

. i79*V

CHAP, LIX.

An AS to remove Doubts reffeSittg the Property rn the &rpjbe

of Perfons tranfportedfrom this Kingdom.

WHEREAS doubts have been entertained* whether by the laws noyr in force* the property in the fc*r. vice of offenders tranfported under rules of courts of juftice* or conditional pardons, may be transferred : for removal whereof, be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament affembled,'Tbat it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by in-ftrument in writing, figned by him or them, or by his, or their fecretary, to transfer all offenders, who (ball be, or who now are under fentence, or rule of tranfportation, and ail offenders who have obtained, or (hall obtain his Majef-ty’s pardon, on condition of tranfportation (except in cafes where offenders (hall obtain hia Majefty's pardon, on condition of tranfporting themfeives) or to order the transfer of fuch offender or offenders, to any perfon or perfons, aod his and their affigns, as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors (ball think fit, for the fame tern^, for which fuch offender or offenders, ihall refpetftively have been ordered to be tranfported, or as (hall be fpecificd in any fuch condition of pardon, and the perfon or perfons to whom Uii.il affignment (hall be made, his, or their affigns, (hall hive a property in the fervice of fuch offender or offenders, for fuch terms refpe&ively.

CHAP. LX I.

An AS for better enforcing the Execution of the AS made for the ’Trial of controverted EltSions of Members to. feme in Parliament, by difqualifying certain Perfons <wha have endeavour rd toj/'flruS the due Execution thereof from voting at any Election hereafter.

?erfnns here- "\TTHEREAS Gilbert Roycroft ®f Deansfort, county in difqinilifted VY 0f Rofcommon, Richard Tyler, fenior, Riclvard any^ic^on.41 Tylcr> junior, and Edward Jones, all of Rofcommon, did as far as lay in their power, endeavour .to obftrudt the beneficial

Lcrd lieoter part may, by nftniment in writing, &c. have offenders transported.

*

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.	585’

Scial effe<Sfc of the laws for fecuring the freedom of ele&ions A. I>. and the rights of electors of members to ferve in parliament, 1798. -by contumacioufly withftanding every procefs to compel them to give evidence before the fele& committee of the houfe of commons appointed to try the /nerit^ of the late *le&ion for the county of Rdfcommon :	Be	it	therefore

ena&ed by the Ring's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fyiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled. That the fa id Gilbert Roy croft, # Richard Tyler, fenior, Richard Tyler, junior, and Edward Jones, (hall be for fuch their condu&, disqualified, and they are hereby disqualified for ever hereafter from voting at any ele&ion for any member or members to ferve in parliament in this kingdom ; and if any (heriff or-other returning officer or officers, (hall accept' at any fuch election the vote of any of the fald perfons, or permit his poll to be entered on the poll-book, fuch vote and entry (hall be void, and fuch (heriff, or other returning officer or officers, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, «<po be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty*s courts of record in this kingdom, to the ufe of any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, in which no efioign or wager at law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

CHAP. LX1L

An AS to further explain and amend the Laws now in Forcef relating to the Milit ia of this Kingdom ,

4

XXT’HEREAS notwithftanding the provilions of the ’ * laws now in force, relating to the militia of this kingdom, confiderable delays have taken place in fome counties in providing men, and fome commanding officers from zeal for the fervice, have raifed men at their own expence, for which they cannot be reimburfed under the pro-yiiions of the faid laws ; be it enabled by the King's molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That up oft notice being ferved upon the clerk of the general Vaeanry in meetings, or if no clerk of the general meetings (hall have militia to be been appointed, the notice to be ferved upon the clerk Gf uiledup, &c. #the peace of any coon y, county of a town or city, of ahy vacancy In the tegiment or battalion belonging to the faid County, county of a town or city, fpccifying if tljc ^mo

(hall

Commanding officers to fend account* of nun io railed, on

7"he thirty-eighth Year of George IIL

ffiall have come to the knowledge of the colonel, or manding officer of the regiment, the pariffi or place whid* is bound to fupply the (aid vacancy, if within one xnontlt after fuch notice (hall have been ferved, an able and fuffi-cient man (hall not be produced by the faid pari(h or place* and cnroUed to ferve for the fame as by law direfted, it (hall be lawful for the commanding officer of the (aid Tcgi-ment or battalion to enlift, or to caufe to be enliftcd, a man to fenre for the faid parifti or place, or for the county at large, as the cafe may be, for fuch time as any man balloted to ferve in the militia is compellable to ferve, by an aft paffed in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, an a8 to explain and amend the laws now in force* relating to the militia of this kingdom^ and to £gree to give him any fum as bounty not exceeding four pounds ftcrlmg* which man (hall be fet dowa to ferve for faid pariffi or place* or for the county at large, and (hall be deemed and taken to be a militia-man, to all intents and purpofes, and (halt receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be fubjeft to all the laws and regulations in force with refpcftt to any perfons ferving as militia-men ; and that all and every the rules and regulations, provifions, matters, and things contained in any laws in fore? for the puniftiment of mutiny and defertion, (hall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any fuch perfon fo fworn, as to any perfon wha has been enrolled as a militia man under the provifions of the exifting laws, or either of them.

II.	And be it further enafted. That the commanding pfficer of fuch regiment or battalion/ (hall tranfmit to the treafurer of his county fome time within one month previous to the affixes thereof, or if to the treafurer of the county or city of Dublin, within one month previous to each pre-fcnting term, in addition to the lift of vacancies which he. is now bound by law to fend to the treafurer an account in writing figned by htmfelf, and verified on oath, of the number of i*'jn commiffioned officers, drummers and privates* that hath already been raifed prcyiou to the paffing of thia aft, or (hall hereafter be raifed, as aforefaid, at the expence of him the faid commanding officer, or otherwife, than at the ex pence of the parifh or place, or of the county dt large, for the purpofe of, or towards the numbers wanting to complete his regiment or battalion, and for what pariio or place he (hall have fet the fam$ down to ferve, as alfo of the aftual expence incurred in railing fuck men; and th§ treafurer (hall caufe the faid account to be entered in the ichedule of the affidavits, which is by law to be laid before the judge of affize and grand jury, to ground prcfcntxnents

♦ty

Digitized by

i

¥he thirty-eighth Year of George III.	jly

fny end the faid account (hall be read aloud in the open A. D. court at the affixes or terms, as the cafe maybe, in pre- 179®* fence of the grand jury ; and the court (hall thereupon di- Chap. 6l. re€l the treafurer in iffuing his warrant for levying the pub-lie cefs, to dirtft a further fpm of five pounds for each and every man fo raifed by the faid commanding officer at hi* own ex pence, or o^herwife, as aforefaid, to be levied off the pari'h, place, diftrift or barony, for which the m?n raifed (hall have been (et down to ferve, or off the county at large, as iii his djfcretion he (hall think fit 5 and iHe court [hall direft the treafurer to pay out of the fines fo levied, to fuch commanding officer, the aftual ex pence which (hall appear by the faid account to have been incurred m railing men, not exceeding the faid fum of five pounds for pach man, and the money, if any remaining out of the faid fines,' (hall be paid by the treafurer into his Ma-Jefty’s treafury, for the ufe of , his Majefty, his heirs and fncceffors.

III.	Whereas doubts have arifen whether the claufe in Doubts fiavo an aft paffed in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Ma-jelly, entitled, atj aft to explain and amend the law now in 5 force, relating to the militia of this kingdom, whereby the fum of five pounds is leviable, for each non-commiflioned officer and private man wanting to complete each regiment or battalion of militia, is confined to the eftablilhment of fuch regiment or battalion, as fi$ed by &n aft paffed in the thirty-third year of his faid Majcify, entitled, an aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in Ireland, or w hether tfie faid daufe extends to the augmentation directed to be made to the faid eftablifhment, by an aft paffed in the thirty-fifth year of his faid Majefty, entitled, an aft to explain and amend pn aft faffed in the thirty third year of the reign of his prefent Mayfly, entitled* an aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament the laws relating io the militia in Ireland, and by the above recited aft paffed in the thirty-feventh year of his faid Majefty ; be it declared and envied, That the eftablifhment of each of the faid regiments or battalions, as fixed by the faid recited aft paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as alfo the augmentation direfted to be made to the faid eftablHhment, under the provifions of an aft paffed in the thirty-fifth year of his faid Majefty, (hall be deemed and taken to be one and the fame body, and (hall hereafter be kept up and maintained by the fame provifions and regulations, and that the above recited claufe (hall be conftrued to extend equally to the faid eftablilh-pient, and to the faid augmentation^ fo direfted to be made thereto.

|V. Provide^

Digitized by t^ooQle



Not »o rharge #nf men revived uuo nniiiia.

Fine* to fce levied as herein.

i

Fir»e^ to be put thio tica-fiuy.

CloU of ct v n to tranf-

r.n .'.-re rnt •I Sun* levied.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall fce conftrued to charge the county, county of a town or city, with filling up vacancies occafioned by the death, dilcfcarge, cr defertion of fuch volunteers as have been re* caved into the militia ferviee, under the powers vetted by the faid recited a& patted in the thirty-fifth year of hi* prefect Majefty, in the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to augment any regiment or battalion, fo that the ftrength of fuch company (hall not exceed one hundred rank and file per company, it being the intention of the faid recited act, that the men fo enrolled in addition to the cftablifhraent of the militia, as then fixed at feventy rank and file per company, fhould be raifed and kept up without any charge being mad<£ on the counties whatfoever.

V.	Provided always, That no fine (hall be levied for the vacancy of any perfon, for whom any parifh or town-land (hall have a&ually paid previous to the patting of this a&, the fum of fix pounds, according to the provifions of the laid a£l patted in the thirty-fifth year of his faid Majeftyj or on which the fum cf ten pounds fhall ha.ve been levied for fuch vacancy, during the period of four years from the time of fuch fum being paid, or fuch fine being levied, but fuch vacancy (hall be filled up at tlye expence of the ftock-purfe of the regi ».cnt or battalion, during die fai4 period* as provided by the faid act.

VI.	And provided alfo, That all fines fo levied, fhaH be paid by the tre.;rurcf of each county or city, into his M»-jeily’s treafury, for the ui'e of his Majefty, his heirs aud lurctifois, fubiedl to the dedu&ions herein before pro fciibcd for reimburfing the commanding officer, for each and every man raifed by him, at his own expence, or other-wife.

' VII, And in older that the commiffioner* of hrs Male tty’s treafury may have full knowledge of the amount of fines fo levied ; be it enacted, That the clerks of the crown «>f the vcfpcd\ive circuits (ball tranfmit to his Majefty’s treafury, a:? loon us conveniently may be afier cachaffizes, the amount thac'f, fpecifyiug the proportion dire&ed to be paid as aforefuid, for men railed otherwife than at the expence of the p irilh or place, and the balance to be paid into his Maje ly’s treafuiy, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fnccchors.’

VI11.	And whereas it is expedient for the general do* . fence of this kingdom,.to continue in the ferviee filch ink li:ia-men as fhall be entitled to their diicharges, before the Sweaty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and

ninety-

The thirty eighth Year of George III.

ninety-nine, and (Hall be willing to re-enlift ; be it enaded.

That it (hall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to continue in the fcrvice fuchmenas fhall be entitled to their difeharge?, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred-and ninety-nine, and fhall be willing to re-enlill before their officers of miti-time fhall expire, to ferve for four years, and for fuch fur-	rc	c*"

ther time as any war in which this kingdom may be engaged at the expiration of the faid term may continue, and for two months after the expiration of fuch war.

IX.	A,nd be it further enaded, That perfons fo re-en-

lifted, fhall take the oath preferibed to be taken by perfons chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia, by the faid recited ad. patted in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majelly’s reign.	.

X. And be it further enaded, That if any fuch perfon	perfonst*k-fo re-enlilted, fhall, previous to the patting of this ad, have ing an oath, to taken an oath as a militia-man to ferve for four years, and to deemed va-the end of any war in which this kingdom may be engaged

at the expiration of faid term, and for two months after it fhall have ceafed, or {hall have figned any agreement to fuch purpofe, or fhall have acknowledged by fignature, or otherwife, the receipt of any money for fuch purpofe, fuch oath or fignature of confent or receipt, fhall be as valid to all intents and purposes during the period mentioned therein, as the oath preferibed by the faid recited act.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon fo en- Perfons en-lifted, having taken an oath or figned any agreement or re- lifted to be ceipt to the foregoing purport, {hall be deemed and taken deemed militia to be an enlifted militia-man, to all inttents and puipofes, mcn*

and (ball receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be fubjed to all the laws and regulations in force with refped to any perfons ferving as miiitia-men, and that all and every the rules, regulations, provifions, matte.*, and things contained in any laws in force, for the punching of mutiny and defertion, fhall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any fuch perfon fo fworn, as to any perfon who hie been enrolled as a militia-man under the provifions of the exifting laws, or either of them.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That all fuch fums which Sumsthbe the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of paid by culler-this kingdom, fhall dired any colledor of his Majefty’s re- tors-venue to pay to the colonel, or commanding officer of any regiment, or battalion of militia, for the purpofe of rc-en-

lilting fuch militia-men as aforefaid, purfuant to a vote of the houfe of commons of the fecond day of May, one theu-faad feven hundred and ninety-eight, every fuch colledor is

hereby

Commanding

590 A. D.

1798. Chap. 62.

Names to be delivered to be delivered to clerks of the WtWII, dec.

Surgeons Sec. ft# to hold other commif-Aobs.

Allowance to le made to fcfgeoxu, Sec.

The thirty eighth Tier 9j George lit.

hereby authorized and required to pay, and all Turns To paid, (hall be allowed to him in his account.

XIII.	And whereas fuch re-tnlifting will fave mtich ex. pence and inconvenience to the county, which would other* wife be obliged to provide men to ferve in the place of the men To re-enlifting, if their period of fervice were to be fuf-Fered to expire, and it is therefore juft and reafonable, that the expence thereof ftiould be re imbtirfed to his Majefty's revenue by each county To benefited: be it further ena&ed. That the names of the perfons who (hall have rc-enlifted under the provifions of the faid vote, with the dates of their re-enliftment, and amount of bounty paid to each, (hall from time to time be delivered to the fevcral clerks of the crown by the proper officer of his Majefty's treafury; to be by him laid before the court at the feveral affizes, and in the county and city of Dublin, at the prefenting terms* and that each court ftiall give the fame in charge to the grand jury, to prefent the furris neceffary for re-imburfing the expence thereof, the fame to be raifed on the county at large, and paid to thj receiver-general, which preferitment every grand jury is hereby authorized and required to make; and in cafe the grand jury of any county, county of a towa Or city, at any affizes or prefenting term, (hall negle£t or omit to make fuch preferment, then and in fuch cafe, the treafurer of fuch county, county of a town or city, fhalk and he is hereby required to add in the wartartt which he (hall iffue, to levy the fums prefented at fuch affizes, or prefenting term, to be raifed off the county at large, all fuch fums of money as ftiall be tieceffary for re-imburfmg hi* Majefty’s revenue as a fore faid.

XIV.	And be it further enabled. That nd furgeon or furgeon’s mate of any regiment, or battalion of militia, (harf be capable of holding any commiflion in fuch regiment of battalion, fave and except the commiffion of furgeon or f«r-geonVmate, and the pay of every furgeon of militia ftiall be feven (hillings and fix pence per day, during the time the militia (hall be di^awn out and embodied, and no longer, and the pay of every furgeon Vmate of militia (hall be five fhilling3 per day during the time the militia (hall fredraw* out and embodied, and no longer.

XV.	And whereas it is reafonable that every furgeon of furgeonVmate, who now holds another commiffion in any regiment or battalion of militia, having come into the firr-vice, upon the faith of liis being permitted to hold fuch other commiffion, fhould have fome allowance, in confe-quence of his being hereby rendered incapable of holding the fame : be it enacted, That an allowance of fuch further

fnm



/

Digitized by

Googk .

The thirty-eighth Tear of Geotgc III,

fum per day. (ball be paid to every fuch furgeon orfurge-on'a-mate, as together with the foregoing pay, (hall amount to the fum he is now entitled to receive, in virtue of his two eotnmiflions, the faid allowance to be iflued to the faid furgeon or furgeonVmate, without any dedu&ion for arrears, or any other purpofe whatfoeVer, fo long as he (hall con tin ue to hold the laid coramiflion of furgeon or furgeonV anate refpe&ively, and fo long as the militia (hall be drawn out and embodied, and no longer.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That furgeonYmates fhall be entitled in time of peace* to the provifions and al- entitled lowances to which lieutenants of militia are entitled by an w owances. adfc pafied in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, an a8 for maklhg allowances in certain cafes to fubal-

tern officers of the militia in time of peaces

XVII.	And be it declated and enadted, That all ferje- Serjeant*, fire, ants, corporals, and drummers of militia, who have recciv- ferveas fuch, cd pay as fuch, (hall be deemed to be engaged, and com- ™ pcllable to ferve as fuch, until legally difeharged, whether

they (hall have been attefted as fuch or not, or whether the time fpecified in their original atteftation (hall have expired,

•r not, and every ferjeant or corporal, reduced to the Condition of a private foldier by fentence of a court-martial, thall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to ferve a* fuch for three years, from the date of fuch redu&ion, unlefa the court-martial which (hall have tried him, (hall in their fentence fpecify fomc (horter period of fervice, and fuch feijeant or corporal, (as the cafe may be) (hall be entitled to hi#3 difeharge, at the expiration of fuch period, unlefs he fhall be reftored to the rank and pay of a non-commilEoned officer

Surgeon's

CHAP. LXIII.

jin Aft to continue an Aft faffed in the Thirty feventh Tear ef His Majfly's Reign, Entitled, An Aft for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for fecuring the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an aft pafled Tobacco

in the thirty-feyenth year of his Majefiy’s reign, continue to 34 entitled, An aft for'regulating and extending the tobaaco trade, June, 1799* and for fecuring the duties payable upon the import and manufacture of tobacco : be it ena&ed by the Xing’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords

fpiritual

I

59*

A. D. 1798. Chap. 62.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.

fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft (hall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand ftven hundred and ninety-^ nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longen

CHAP. LV.

An AB to enable the Chief Governor of thu Kingdom to appoint one of His Majejly's Counfel learned in the Latv* to be Chairman of the Sejfion of the Peace in the County of DuLHk% during good-Behaviour,

Hr* Majcfty may appoint •nc» f his coun-Icl chairman of Kilxnainham.

VTTHEREA8 from the great encreafe of capital and * ^ other crimes within the county of Dublin, it is expedient that a perfon learned in the laws (hould attend and prdide at the feflions of the peace holden in the faid county ; be it enabled by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commorfs in this prefect parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceifors, by letters patent under the great fcal of this kingdom, to appoint from time to time, one of his Majefty’s counfel learned in the laws, to be chairman of the feflions of the peace in and for the county of Dublin, and that every perfon fo to be appointed, (hall continue to hold the faid office, and receive the falary thereunto annexed, during his good behaviour therein, and that the perfon holding the faid office under fuch letters patent, (hall be inverted with all powers and authorities whatfoeverr with which the justices of the peace afiigned under the ufual commiffions of the peace parted un* der the great feal are, or from time to time (hall be inverted, and (hall attend at every teffion of the peace to be holden in and for the faid county, and prefide thereat as chaiiman, unlef* fome one of the chief or other judges or ferjeants at law, being a juftice of the peace of the faid county, happen to be pretent, in which cafe fuch judge dr ferjeant according to his precedence (hall prefare.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That if the chairman fo appointed, be at any time abfent from fuch fdfion, any of^ his Majefty’s counfel learned in the liw, to be by fuch chairman appointed, may ad as chairman of fuch teffion during his abfcnce.

‘ III. And

TUMrty-eighth Tear of George III. .

itt. And be it enafted, 'that the perfon appointed to fcte laid office, (hall during the faid term continue therein, toot withHanding the demtfe of the King (whom God long prefiervej or any of his heirs Or fdcccffors

IV. Provided always, artd be it enabled, That it fhal! be lawful for hia Majefty, or for the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to remove the perfon appointed to the laid office, upon the addrefs of both houfes of parliament.

CriAP. LXVIII.

An	AS for appointing CcnmiM ,nirt to enquire Into the Lojjtt

of fuch o] n'u MajeJlj*s L.oyal SubjeQs at have keen Stf-ferert . m their Property during the fubfifting Rebellion in

tki* Kingdom-

“^t/HEREAS it 19 juft and expedient, that perfona who Suffcrett in * ** have fuffered in their properties m cohfcquertce of confrquenee of their loyalty to his Majefty during the prefent rebellion, loyaj^jhaM b* fhould receive a rcafonable cdmpenlation for their Ioffes; to tvhich end it is neceffary that a diligent and impartial enquiry fhould be made into fuch Ioffes, we pray your Majefty* that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King** moft excellent Majefty, by and vrith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority #>f the fame, That his grace the lord archbifhop of Cafhel, the right honourable Arthur Lord Baron Kilwar- CommilTioners den, the right reverend the lord bifhop of KOlaloe, the	DW?ie<,»

right reverend the lord bifhop of Kilmore, the right ho- int0 pourable the chancellor of the exchequer, the honourable loyalifU during Mr. juftice Downes, the honourable Mr. jiiftice Chamber- the rebellion, lain, the .right honourable David Latouche, the right ho-hourable Richard Annefley* and the right honourable Sach> frille Hamilton* (hall be, and they are hereby appointed tommiffiofiers for inquiring into the refpeftive Ioffes of all fuch perfon and perfouS who have fuffered in their properties during the prefent rebellion in this kingdom, in Confe-qiience of their loyalty to his Mfcjefty, and attachment to the government of this kingdom.

11. And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners in this aft named, before they enter upon the execution of the fame, fhaH take the following oath, before any one of his Majefty’s joffices of the king’s bench, common pleas, dr barons of the exchequer.

Vot-XL	Pp	/AB.

• ,

\

m '

Digitized by Google

59♦

A. V.

179S. Chap. 68«

Oath to be taken by faid commimonera.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

/ A. B do ftv ear, that according to the bef of my JUS and knowledge, 1 will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the feveral powers and trujlt vefied in me By an ad, entitled, jin aS for appointing commijfuoners to enquire into the Ioffes of fuch of his Majeffs loyal fubjedt as have beenJvjferers m their property during the fub/ifling rebellion in tins kingdom, accord* ing to the tenor padpurport oj feud ad*

Cotnmiffion. era may examine upon oath.

Said commit (loners may men and iflue precepts, &c.

^Cwntoiffion-ers may fine or confine perfon* who do not give evidence.

Wien loft does not exceed loot commif-fioners may empower toagif-trates to enquire as bueiu.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to examine upon oath (which oath they or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter) all perfons whom the faid commiffioners, ar any three or more of them (hall think fit, to examine touching all fiich matters and things as (hall be neCeffary for the execution of th? powers veiled in the faid commiffioners by this ad, and all perfons are hereby dire&ed and required pun&uallyto attend the faid'Coipmifiioners, at fuch time or place at they, or any three or mdre of them (hall appoint.

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiffiouers, or any three or more of them are hereby authorized to meet and fit from time to time, with or without adjournment, and to fend their precept or precepts under' their hands and feals, for any perfon or peHbftt whatsoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings, or records, as they (hall judge neceffary for their information, in the execution of the powers vefted in the faid commissioners by this a£t, and the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized to appoint and employ fuch clerks, meflengers, and officers as they (hall think fit; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trull in them feverally and refpcc* tively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fer* vice, othei than fuch falary or reward as the faid commif-Copers, or any five or more of them, Ihall think fit to dined and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it cna&ed, That the faid commiffioners, of any five or more of them, (hall have power to fine any perfon refufing or ncgle&ing to attend and give evidence before them, in any fum not exceeding the Turn of ten pounds, or to imprifon any fuch perfon for any time not exceeding three weeks.

VI.	And be it ena6led, That where the amount of the Ioffes fuftained by any perfon fecking compcnfation under this a£t, (hall by fuch perfon be dated ata film not exceeding the fum of one hundred ponnds, that then faid comnfif-{toners, or any five or more of them, may if they think fit,

4

Magifoates

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

)>y warrant under their hands and feals, empower any nun* ber of magiftrates, cot lefs than three, in the couuty, * here fuch perion fo claiming cotnpcnl'ation (hall have redded at the tifne of the Ioffes fo fuitained, to inquire into the amount of fuch Ioffes, and fuch other matters ;j the faid torn mi (Turners (hail dired upon evidence Upon oath, in fuch manner as faid commiflioners (hall by fuch warrant direri, and fuch mag ill rates (hall report to the faie commiflioners the amount of fuch Ioffes, and fuch other circumitances as the faid commiflioners (hall by fuch warrant direct.

VII.	Provided always, That fuch magistrate* to whom fuch warrants (ball be direded, (hall take the oath herein t0 ** (worn, before direded to be taken by the faid commiflioners, before they (hall enter upon the execution of the laid warrant,

which oath any one of the faid magiflrates named in the {aid warrant, is hereby authorized to adminifter to the reify he having firft taken the lame himfelf, in the prefence of one or more of fuch magiltrates*

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Ommilfion-fafd, That in all cafes where fuch commiflioners (hall think ers may iflue fct. fo to do, but not otherwife, the faid commiflioners may precept* to Iflue their precept under the hands and feals of five or more Return ** br them, commanding th$ (heriffs of the city of Dublin to juries &*. . ftimmon and return to them, on a day and hour, aud at a

place to be named in the faid precept, the names of a fuf-ficient number of perfdns, out of whom a jury of twelve tned^ liable to no legal objedion, may be chofeo for* the purpofe of trying and giving thgr vcfdid upon any fads that the (aid commiflioners may think fit to give them in thatge; and that in like manner fuch magiltnite, to whom fuch warrants of the faid commiflioners (hill be direded*

(hall have the fame power and authority to iflue fuch precept to the (henff of the refpedive county where fuch magiftrates (hall execute fuch warrant, and that fuch commif-fioners, and iuch magiltrates refpedively, (hall have the power of fining any (heriff or juror for not obeying fuch	\

precepts, or attending in purfuance of fuch fummoh** in any fum not exceeding ten pounds.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if it (hall appear Perfdns who to the faid commiflioners, that any perfon (hall have deli-

Veredto them ad account or claim beyond the real lOfs, with beexdnd* da intent to obtain more than a juft compensation, then fuch ed. perfort (hall be abfolutcly excluded from any compcnfatioo orprovifion whatfpever.

jt. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That itt cafe any perfon or perfons, upon examination upon S^euponoatk oath before the laid commiflioners, lhall wilfully and cor- (hall be puaUb-raptly^brcialfe evidence* every fuch perfda fo offending, tdssfarpcjjagr.

JPp.4 *	and

Digitized^

Google

N« claim after 6 months, &c.

Cm. of trea-lory to iflue tfunn for payment of ckxks, &c.

IjofJ lieot may appoint Oammifli oners.

In force to end of fcfljon.

*tht thirty-eighth Tear of George HI.

am) being thereof duly conviftcd, (hall be, and is and ari hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by law now in being perfons conviftcd of wilful ,and corrupt perjury, are fubjeft and liable to.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no claim, or rtqueft of any perfon or perfons, for 3id or relief, on account of the lofa of any property during the prefent rebellion, (hall be received after the (pace of fix months from the paffing of this aft, nor for any Ioffes fuitained prior to the firft day of Mag lad.

XII.	And be it enafted, That the commiflioners of his Majcfty’s treafury, are hereby authorized and required to ilTue, and caufe to be paid, all fuch fums of money for the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other officers, and fa defraying all other neceflaiy charges, in and about the dk-cution of the powers of this ad, and in fuch iftanrter, and fn fuch proportions as (hall be appointed by the (aid eom-Tnlffionert, or any five or more of them, and (hall be ap* proved of by the chief governor for the time being, by Writing, under their hands and feals, iti that behalf, the lame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whoa the fame (hall be iflued.

XIII.	And be it further enafted* That in cafe of a ta-cancy or vacahciei, by death or refignation of any one or more of the {aid commiflioners, it (hall and may be lawful For his excellency the lord lieutenant for the time beings to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think proper, to fupply fuch vy:an<rjr or vacancies, and that every perlon fo nominated and appointed, (hall be hdd, and coo-fidered to be invefted with all the fame powers as arc delegated to the Commiflioners appointed by this aft.

XIV.	And be it cnafted. That this aft (hall continue in force to the end of the neat feffion of parliament, and at topger.

s

C HA K

Digitized by

The thirty-eightTear of Qeorge III.

C fi A P. LXXII.

197

An A& for the Saif of His Majejly’s Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Tears fine tboufand fix hundred and forty-one, and One thoufand fix fund red and eighty -eight, and other Lands yet remaining un-difpofed of, in fuch Manner, and under fuch Provifiont of furt therein mentioned,

XOWA RDS raifing the fupply granted to his Majefty, be it ena&ed by the King*? moft excellent Majefty,

J*y and with the advice and confent of the lor^s fpirjtual and Jeiuporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it {Hall and may be Commiffioners lawful for the commiflioners for executing the office of lord °f treafury may high-treafurer of this kingdom, or the lord high-treafurer ^	*r<?wn»

for the time being, by and with the confent of his excel-|ency the lord lieutenant, to fell and difpofe of all or any * quit-rents, crown-rent9, or compofition-rents charged on, or payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, out ^ny honors, manors, towns, lands, rc&ories, tythes, fairs, markets, feiyies, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner herein after mentioned, any law or laws to the contrary not->vithftanding $ and alfo to fell and difpofe of all or any lands, tythes, tenements, and hereditaments, forfeited to the crown, pn account of the rebellions which broke out in this kingr dom, in the year one thoufand fix hundred and forty-one, remaining undifpofed of, under an a& of parliament pafled in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecord, entitled, An act for the better execution of his MajeJly's gracious declaration for the fettlement of his kingdom of Irehnd, and fatisfadion of the feverai interejis of adventurers, folfiers, and other his fub~ jeQs there; and under another ad pafled in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, entitled, An ad for the explaining fame doubts ariftng upon an ad, entitled, An ad for thf better execution of bis Majefty9* gracious declaration for the fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland\ and fatisfadion of the feveral interefts of adventurers, foldiers, and other his fuljeds there, and for making fomc alterations of and additions unto the faid ad, for the more ffeedy and effedual fettlement of the faid kingdom, and under another a 61 pafled in the fecond year of the reign of her late Majefty Anne, cn-An ad for quieting fofiefiwu, Qnftdifpojwg qf the vn-



Digitized by

Google

fees payable

of rents.

The thirty •aghth Tear of George III.

eB/Medplus acres ; and a;fo to fell or difpofc of all or tny lands, tythes, tenements, and hereditaments, forfeited to tlx crown, on account of the rebellion which broke out in thisr kingdom in the year one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, and not fold purfuant to an a & of parliament made id England in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late Majefty William the third, entitled, An a& for granting an ait! to bis Majefty, by fale of the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, and by a land tax in England* for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, or otheresftfz %ejled m his Majffy.

____	___ II. And be it enabled. That the fees on the payment of

by9W.7 con-the faid rents payable by the perfons fubje^. tp the fame, IHered as part eftablifhed by an ad of parliament palled in this kingdom in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty William the third, entitled, An aQ for making the colleQors9 receipts for quit rent, crown rent, and other rents due to the crovtm* full and legal difeharges for the fame, and for limiting tbetr fees thereon, {hall be confidered as part of the rent to be pur-chafed, and (ball be paid for at the fame late as the rents to be pm chafed.

III.	And be it enaded, That it {hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfone, truftee or truftees, guardian or guardians of infants, committee or committees of lunatick*, or any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, to purchafe any fuch quit rent, crown rent, or com portion rent, or any lands, tythes, tenements, or hereditaments, by this ad authorized to be fold-

IV.	Provided ahvayr, and be it enaded, That no fale {hall be made of ar.y quit rent, crown rent, or compofition rent, and the fees payable thereon, where the owner or proprietor of the lands, or where the body politick, corporate, or collegiate, feized of the lands out of which the rent is payable, (hall be the purohafer at a lower rate of purchafe than the refpedive rates following, th it is to fay, where the rent or rents to be pur chafed {hall be referved by one and the fame grant, or payable under one and the fr.me title under I.is Majefty, and fhail not exceed thirty {hillings yearly, at a lower rate of purchafe "than thirty years purchafe of fuch rent and fees, and where fuch rent or rents ftiail exceed thirty (hillings yearly, and {hall not exceed five pounds yearly, at a lower rate of purchafe than twenty-five years purchafe of fuch rent and fees, and where fuch rent or rents {hall ex-‘ceed five pounds yearly, at a lower rate of purchafe than twenty years purchafe of fuch rent and fees ; and fuch rent or rents {hall not be fold to any perfon favc the owner or proprietor, or body politick, corporate, or collegiate, feized of the lands out of which fuch rent ia payable, provided fuch

ownci;

Any perfons mty purchafe rents.

Terms on which Tales fhall be nude.



1

Tfc thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

owner or proprietor, or body politick, corporate, or collegiate, leized thereof, (hall within (i$ months from the palling of this a&, pay into the receipt of bis Majefty's exchequer, one-tenth part of the purchase money of fuch rent, and pay in like manner the rtynainder of fuch purchafe money, by three equal quarterly payments, computing the quarters from the day of snaking luch depofite; and in cafe default (ball be made in payment of any fuch quarterly funis, on the day when the fame (hall be payable, then the aforefaid depofite of one-tenth part of the purchafe money, and fo much of fpeh purchafe money as (hall bare been paid, (ball be forfeited to his Majeity, his heirs and iuc-ceffors.

V.	Amf be it ena&ed, That no fale (hall be made of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, other than tythes, at a lower rate of purchafe than fixteen years purchafe, according to the full improved yearly value thereof, if to be fet to a iolvent tenant, nor of any tythes at a lower rate of purchafe than fixteen years purchafe, according to fuch full improved yearly value as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided always, That where any fuch lands, tenements, tythes, or hereditaments, have been lawfully de-mifed or fet to any perfon or perlons for any term, the rea-fonable value of the tenants interell in fuch term (hall ^ deduced out of the purchafe money at the rate aforefaid.

VII.	And be it enabled, That after the expiration of fix months from the palling of this aCt, no preference (hall be given to any „perion purchaiing any fuch rent on account of 1'ieh perfon being the owner or proprietor of the lands or other the premiles out of which lueh rent is payable ; and every fuch rent (hall be fold for the giratelL price, which (hall be offered for the lame, not lefs tnan lixteen years purchafe, and every perfon who (hall offer luch fum as (hall be approved of in manner by this act diieCted, for the purchafe of any rent, (hall within ten days alter inch approbation, pay into the receipt of his Majelty’s exchequer one-tenth part of the purchafe money ot luch rent, and pay in like manner the remainder of Inch purchafe money by three equal quarterly payments, computing the quarters from the diy of making luch depoiitc, and in cafe default (hall be made in payment of any of the laid quarterly iums, on the day when the lame lhall be payable, then the aforefaid depo-iite of one-tenth part of the purchafe monty, and fo much of fuch purchafe money as lhall have been paid, (hall bo forfeited to his A.ajefty, his heirs and fucceifors, and every perfon who .(hall have paid the whole of the purchafe money in manner aforefaid, or in one entire payment, ihal be en-

‘ ‘	titW

No falc under 16 yean purchafe.

Value of In-tereft of tenants deduced out of purchafe money.

Rents (hall be fold to highdl bidders not under i A years purchafe. -

Digitized by

Google

Pcrfont de-ftroiuto Ixxomc purchaftrs, (hall give in an account to cora-miflioacift, at herein.

'Wbtr it tor be done whrn pur-chaf rt tkfire rent* to he «x-twguifliccL

The thiriy-eighh Tear e^tJedrge Itl.

tHW to all fuch rent* fo purchafed, which (haU'bedome <hxe after the time the depofite of the tenth part of fuchptir-chafe money, or the whole thereof, in cafe the fame fhafl be; made in one entire payment, (hall be made.

VIII.	And be it enaded/That every perfon, truftee, guardian, committee, body politick, corporate, or cofie-grata, who (hall be defirous to purphafe any fuch quit-rent* crown-rent, or compofition-rent, (hall give in to the com-mifiionere for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of this kingdom for (he time being, an account of the honors, manors, towns, lands, re&ories, tythes, fairs, markets, furies, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which the ren or rents which he or they arc defirous to purchafe, is or are payable, and of the particular rent or rents, and fees payable for the fame, and the price which he or they is or ate willing to <give for the fame, and (hail at the fame time de-fhure, whether he or, they is o’r are defirous that the rent or rents fo intended to be purchafed, (hall be extinguifhed, or (hall fubfiil for the ufe o( fuph purchafer, and his or her heirs and fucceflbrs.

IX.	And be it enabled. That in cafe any pupqhafer (hall defire that the^rent fo to be purchafed, (hall be extinguifhed, then upon payment into the receipt of his Majefty'* exchequer, in manner aforefaid, of fuch fum as (hall be approved of by the laid commiffioncrs for executing the office of lord high-treafurer, or by the lord high-treafirrer, by and witK the confent of his excellency the lord lieutenant, for the purehafe of fpeh rent or rents, and fees, a certificate (hall be given by the proper officer of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, fetting forth the name or names of {he honors, manors, toxvps, lands, refloriep, tythes, fairs, markets, ferries, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which the rent or rents purchafed is or are payable, with fuch description thereof, Correfpondiog with the record of fuch rent dr rents in his Majefty’s exchequer, as will be fuffiejent to afeertain ' the fame, together with the particular rent or rents, and fees payable thereout, and declaring that the rent or rents id pureliafeb, is or are purchafed in order that the fame (hall ceafe, which certificate (hall be enrolled in the office of the auditor of the exchequer, and from the time of fuch enrollment, the rent or rents fo purchafed (hall ceafe, and the honors, manors, towns, lands, re&orics, tythes, fairs, markets, ferries, tenements, and hereditaments, out of which fuch rent or rents was or were payable, (hall be exonerated and difeharged therefrom*

X.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no falelhall be made of any fuch rent, for the purpofe of extinguishing the fame, until the gale thereof next preceding the

time

Digitized by

Googld

Tic thlrty-eighth Tear of George III.

time of payment of the firft depofite, or of the purchafe* money, (hall have beep paid Xo his Majeily, his heirs and fucceflbrs.

XI And whereas perfons who purchafe fuch rents, and defire that the fame be extinguifhed, may not b? feized in fee fimple of the honors, manors^ towns, lands, re&ories, tythes, fairs, markets, ferries, tenements, an<} heredity ments, out of which the rent or rents tl^y may purchafe are payable, be it evaded. That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall fo purchafe as aforefaid, any rent or r$nts, in or P^hafe rents,, der that the fame may ceafe, or be extinguifhed, it (hall and may be lawful for every (uch perfon by deed or deeds ip writing, to raife any fum or fums of morny, nqt exceed* ing the amount of the purchafe-money of fuch rent qr rents, by mortgage of the toyvns, lands, redories, tythes, fairs, markets, femes, tenements, agd hereditaments, qr by fale of a fufficient part thereof, or otherwise to charge and incumber the fame, with fuch fum or funra, and the interell thereof, and to difpofc of the fame jn fuch maimer as he or they (hall think proper, and every fuch fale or mortgage, charge and incumbrance, (hall be good and valid in the law agaiuft every perfon in remainder or reverfion, in cr to the premifes fo (old, mortgaged, charged, or incumbered;! and all other perfons entitled to, or claiming any -debt, charge, and incumbrance, affeding the premiles fo fold, mortgaged, charged, or incumbered, and (hall have priority thereto.

XII.	And be it enaded, That where any purchafer (hall what (hallhe defire that the rent fo to be purchafed, lhall fubfiil for the done when par-ufe of him or Jier, or his or her heirs, tb*n upon payment chafers delire jntp the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of fuch fum as (hall

J>e approved of by the commHfioneis for executing the office of lord high-tre^furer or the lord high-tredfurer for the time being, by ^nd with |he content of his excellency the lord fcutenant, for the purchafe of fuch rent or rents and fees, a like certificate (hall be given, fave that fuch certificate lhall declare, that the rent or rents fo purchafed, is or are fo purchafed, to the ufe of the purchafer, and his or her heirs, and fuch certificate (hall be enrolled h? manner aforesaid, and from the time of fuch enrollment, the rent or yents (o purchafed (hafe yelled in the purchafer or pur-chafers, his, her or their heirs and aligns.

XIII.	And be it enaded, That au fuch rents as (hall * be fo purchafed, (ball be p.»id and payable to fuch pur-

chafer, his heirs and afligns, by two eveo half-yearly pay- every!*5 Marvk, ttents, on every twenty fifth day of March, and twenty- ajid a? Sep. fee. ninth day of September, in the'jpar, together with the payable on the feme, by the feid redited ad, aod fuch

purchafer.

601 A. IX

'798. £hap. 72,

Perfoot whs

Digitized by Google

f

Not to

vent hit. Majrf. ty fi»*m rero.

vc; ;np arrears of rent.

AttctVf! co-

P^o ft ail he evidence.

Vunhfen* of rent-., c <Y*-cliar.>; (1 of i)i...

$ ' ‘' i, :; » "f u-

lirvcd icr.ts.

Day appwat-for receiving fftirri for rents ao herein.

s Tfhe thirty-eighth Tear of George HI.

ourehafer, his heirs and affigns, (hall have the like remedy

fpr recovering filch rents, by diftrefs or re-entry, or by action of debt, or in covenant as any perfon may have on any kafe, demiling lands, and referving rent, in which is contained any ckufc of diflrefs r>r re-entry, orany covenant on the part of the leflee, his heirs, executors, adminiftrator?, and affigns, to pay rent, and fhall have the like privilege* and ad\antagcs in taking a dillrcfs for fuch rent, and in proceeding for the recovery of fuch rent, as hi$ Majefty, ms heirs or fucceflors, may by law have.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing herein contained, ffiall prevent his Majefty, his heir* and fuccedbrs, from fuing for in anj manner, and recovering any arrears of any rent which (hall be fo fold, which accrued due before the time the purchafer /hall become entitled thereto, or from recovering any rent which (haU not; he fo fold m the fame manner, as if this a& had not beeq made.

XV.	And be it ena&ed, That the certificate of tfiepay-,

ment of the purchafe-money of any fuch rent fo enrolled as aforefaid, in the office of the auditor of the exchequer, or an addled copy thereof, fliall l>e admitted in all courts of law and equity, as evidence of the title of the purchafer of fuch rent, find of all perfons deriving under him.

XVI#- And whereas in many giants of lands by letters patent from his VpjcUy’s predeediors, referving quit-rent^ ievera! denominations, or parcels of land, are granted, ar ’ the fcvciul piopcrtious of rent fqr each parcel of land, according to the number of acres therein, and which compofc the gu fs rent rtferved on fuch grant, are fet forth therein. h d fevcral of fuel; lands may have become the property of different perfons, each having agreed to pay the part of th$ gi of* rent mentioned in Inch giant, to be tlie proportion for the parts fo becoming the property of luch peri.ms refptc: lively, wherefore be it enacted, That where feveral deno-ir.iuat?..;is < r parcels of land, are granted by letters patent, expreffing t!ie proportions of the rent referved thereby for each pat eel of land granted, the purchafer of the rent or ft -rts referved on any inch pared or parcels, being the pro^ prictor of inch parcel or parcels, and not otherwife, and Inch pi. c l or parcels fhall be exonerated and difeharged of and fmm the rents charged on, the#other denominations or parcels of land comprized in luch grant, and referved thereby*

XVII. And be it enabled, That a certain day after fix months from the palling of this act, (hall be appointed for receiving offers for the purchafe of the quit-rents, crown-rcuts, and compofition-rcnts, in ^very county in this kingdom.

TTigifized By

Google

♦

*Fhe thirty-eighth Tear of George III

*8om, which fhall not have been purchafed by the owners or proprietors of the lands out of which the fame (hall be payable, and before any foie of any of the faid rents (hall J>e made, notice thereof (hall be given by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in two or more publick newfpapers* .printed in the city of Dublin, requiring all perfons intending to purchase any fuch rents in fuch county, to fignify the fame in writing to the commifiioners for executing thfe office of ford high-treafurer, on or before the day to be therein mentioned, and the price at which {hey refpe&ively intend to put chafe.

XVIII.	And be it enabled, That where any lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, veiled in his Majefty, in right of his crown, (hall be fold, notice thereof thail in like manner be given at lead one month before any perfon or perfons fhall be declared the purchafer thereof, and every perfon, who puyfuant to the provisions of this acl, (hall declared a purchafer, (hall pay into the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer, the fum which (hall be agreed to be taken for fuch lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, /in manner following, that is to fay, one-tenth part of the pur-chafe-money as a dcpofite within ten days after fuch perfon {hail be declared the purchafer, and the remainder of fuch purchafe-money by three equal quarterly payments, commuting the quarters from the day of making fuch denofitc, and iii cafe default (hail be made in payment of any of fuch quarterly fums on the day when the fame (hall be payable, then the aforefaid depofite of one-tenth part of the pur-chafe money, and fo much of fuch purchafe-mbuey as fhall have been paid, (hall be forfeited to his iVjajefly, hiu hens and fuccefibrs, and upon payment of the whole of fuch purcuafe-iponey in maunei aforefaid, or in one entire p3y-menl’, a grant of fuch lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, under the great feal of this kingdom, (hall be made to fuch niwchnfet j fubjed to fuch lawful grants or leafes, if any, as (hall be then in being, of the preniifes fo purchafed, without referving’any cent whatfoever, payable to his hi a-jelly, his heirs and fucceifors; and every peifon who (hall hare paid the whole of the purchde-money in manner aforefaid, lhali be entitled to all rents, iilucs, and pr<;£ts of the lands, terements, tidies, or hereditaments purchafed, which fhall become due, or arife after the time the dcpofite of the tenth part of the pui chafe-money, or the whole thereof, in cafe the fame fhall be made, in one entire payment, (hall be made.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That no foie (hall be made of any lands, tenements, tvthes and hereditament* to any peifon fubjedt to a rent payable to his Majefty

for

Where lands, &c are to b« fold, notice given as he* +-fo.

R; nt yrered-mg time of payment to be pa A to hisMa jrft,.

Hi* Majefty may rc*. over artcafbof ran.

Bank of Ireland may advance a million, ai 5 percent.

Trrafbry-biB" iiTucd for

purr of laid million.

•Separate account k opt of inoaie* axifiug bumbles ic,

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IU

(or fucb fends, tenements, tythes and hereditaments, unlr^i the gale thereof next preceding the time of payment of thi ftrlt depofite, or of the purchafe-money, fhall have beep made to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

XX.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall prevent his Majefty, his heirs and 1‘ucceffors from fuing for, and recovering in filch manner as he may now do, any armors of any rent payable out of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which fhall be fo fold or received before $ be time the purchaser fhall become entitled thereto, or from recovering arty rent, payable out of any lands, tenements, tythes or hereditaments, which (hall not he {q fold, in the feme manner as if this a& had notheen made.

XXI.	And whereas the fale of the faid rents and lands, tythes and hereditaments, may not fo fpeedily be carried into execution, as to produce an immediate fupply for the fupport of his Majefty*! government, and it may be expedient to borrow a lum of money on the credit of the laid rents, lands, tythes and hereditaments, and of the monies which {hall be paid for the purchafe thereof: be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank or Ireland, to advance and lend to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, any fum or funu of money, not exceeding in the whole one million of pound* | and that for the faid fum, or fo much thereof as fhall be aftually paid into the receipt of his Majefty *s exchequer^ by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, there foall.be paid at the receipt of the faid exchequer, to the fold governor and company* an intereft not exceeding the fate of five pounds per centum per annum, from fuch time or times as fhall be agreed upon by the commifftoners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of this kingdom, or by the lord high-treafurer for the time being, until fuefy time as fuch fum or fums fhall be paid off zpid difeharged iq manner by this a& provided

XXII.	Ami be itena&ed. That for fo much of the faid fum as fhall he actually paid into the receipt of bis Majef-ty’s exchequer, by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, a trcafury-bill, or treafuiy-bills, entitling the faid governor and company to the amount of the fums to be refpe&ivcly fpecifiecl therein, and declaring fuch amount to be payable at the receipt of his Majefty** exchequer, st fuch time or times as fhall be agreed upon, unlefs the fame mail be fooner paid off* purfuant to the provifions of this a&, fhall be iiTued by the proper officers of his M2jefty’9 treafury, bearing fuch intereft as aforefaid.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed, That a feparate account fhall be fcept by the officers of his Majefty*s treafury, of all

monies

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

fe|

ionics arifmg by the fale of any of the (aid rents, land*, A. D. tithes and hereditaments 5 and the fame fhall from time to 1798. time be paid by the proper officer of his Majefty’s tfeafiiry, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, towards the difeharge of the fum or fums, which fhall be advanced by the faid governor and company, purfnant to this ad.

XXIV.	And be it enadedi That a feparate account (hall Separateac-be kept by the governor and company of the bank of Ire- (count kept by land, of atl fums which fhall be paid to them in purfuance *hc hant-Of this ad, in dHcharge of the faid fum of one million, or io much thereof as fhall be advanced and lent as aforefaid 5 and the fame fhall be placed to the account of the fum or fckms fo lent, and from the time of every fuch payment the mtereft of fo much "as fhall be paid (hall ceafe.

CHAP. LXX1II.

An Ad for continuing and amending ah AS, faffed lajl Seffion bf Parliament, entitled. An A3 for regulating the ijfuing of Licenfes for the Salt of IVine, Ale, Beer, Ciileri and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for presenting the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors, and for granting to His Majejlys Hts Heirs and' Succejfors, the Duties therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it is neccflary to continue and amend an

"ad, paired lafl feffion of parliament, entitled, An . btB for regulating the iffuing of licenfes, for the fale of nti/ie, die, beer, cider, and fpirituous liquors by retail, and for presenting the immoderate ufe of fpirituous liquors, be it enaded by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tliat the faid ad, and this ad, fhall Kecieed aA continue of force until the twenty-ninth day of Septcm-ber, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and no ^’sept.T^oo.0 longer.

II.	And to femove all doubts refpeding what is meant Explanation oC ty ffcllrtig by retail, be it enaded, That every perfon who foiling hy retail l>y him or herfelf, or by any other perfon employed by him " herein, br her, or for his or her benefit, fhall retail any fpirituous Ifcjuorr, mixed or unmixed with any ingredients, or any beer or ale, to be confumed in any quantity whatever in his t>r Iter houfc, Ware-houfe, (hop, cellar, vault, room, (bed, br other place, to him or her belonging, or fhall retail, or lend the fame abroad out of his or her houfe,' ware-houfo,' feofodttUfcj fbmp> eeikr, vault, room, (bed, or other place,

any

II* Google

toff

A.D.

1798. Chap. 73.

#o* penalty, «c. for buying fa a hcufe not having a beard painted.

Collet ora Cannot authorize felling left than two gallon#.

. Jufticetat Special feffions (hall determine at herein.

The-thirty <igbib Tear af George III.

any fpirituous liquors, in a lefs quantity than two'gaJloht,' or any beer or ale, in a left quantity than ten gallon#, (feller* of bottled beer Or ale excepted, whq /hall fend the faraf abroad, and not fell any to be con fumed in iheirown houfes,) /ball be deemed a retailor of fpirituous liquors, or of beef or ale refpe&ively ; and if not duly licenied to retail the lame, under the provifions of the find a£t; and this aft (hall be fubjedl to the like penalties as are enafied againft petfood felling beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors without licenft.

III.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfoo (hall

buy or obtain for any confederation given, or to be given, any fpirituous liquors in lefs quantity than two gallon*, or any beer or ale, in lefs quantity than ten gallons in any houfe not haying affixed thereon, fuch board, fo painted, and in fuch manner as is preferibed by the faid adt, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence, upon being convicted thereof befbre any fnagrftratc, upon the oath of one credible witnefs, or by his own confeffion, or on the view of fuch magiftrate, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, and irt cafe of non-payment thereof, (hall be committed to gaqk there to remain for one month, or until faid penalty (hall be paid, which penalty (hall be applied as any penalties levied under the faid a& are applicable.	y

IV.	And whereas by the faid a&, the colle&ors of excife are empowered to grant hcenfes to perfons called wholefale dealers, who (hall not fell fpirituous liquors to be confumed in thdir houfes, be it enadted, That 116 licenfc; granted by any colle&or of excife, (hall authorife any per fort to fell fpirituous liquors at any time in any quantity lefs than two gallons, nor be conftrued to exempt him or her fo felling front any penalty for fo doing.

V.	And be it further enadted. That at every fpecial fef-fions which (hall be held by virtue of the faid adl, or this pre-fent a A, the jufticts thereat (hall, before they proceed to ti got any certificate for the purpofe of any perfons obtaining $ licenfe, determine the number of houfes which they (hall judge expedient to be licenfed for the fale of ale, beer, or fpirituous liquors, and the town-lands or pari(hes within the barony, fpecifying the number for each town or village, and within a diftriCt of one mile thereof, at the lcaft, having due . regard therein to the mortis and fobriety of the people ; and fuch determination (hall be forthwith fignified by two at lead of the faid jufticea, and be read aloud in open court,* and delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be by him enrolled and preferred in the records of the cotitnty ; mid every certificate figned at fuch feffions, for a licenfe, to be ilfued thereon, for the (ale of ale, beer, and fpirituous liquors, if fuch town or village, tad within fych diftancc thereof, (hall

prcYioua

Digitized by Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George lit.

previous to its being Ggned, be numbered in arithmetical progreflion, beginning with number one.

VI. And in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arife from juftices negleding to make fuch determination in manner aforefaid, be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of each county, or county **Tnq^frc^s** of a town or city, at each faring aflizes, to enquire herein, into the number of houfes, which confident with a due attention to the morals and fcrbriety of the people, it may be expedient to allow to be licenfed, within each barony in the county, or within the county of the town or city, as public houfes for the fale of beer, ale, and fpirituous liquors, for the year commencing the twenty-ninth of September, fol- * lowing, and to caqfe their determination upon fuch enquiry, figned by any twelve or more of . them, to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, fpecifyiug particularly the town-lands, and parifhes wherein fuch public houfts fhould be lituate, and the number of public houfes to be allowed in each town or village, and within a diflrid not lefs than a mile around it, which determination the cleik of the peace (hall read aloud in open court, at each fpecial feflions, which (hall be held in purfuance of the faid a61, and this prefent ad, and at the gen/eral feflions in July, if any certificates for licenfes are to be ifTued thereat; and if the juftices in court (hall omit to form any determination as herein before directed, fuch determination of the grand jury, fhall be deemed to be the determination of thecourt,and fhall beenrolled by thsclerk of the peace as fuch ; and if any clerk of the peace fhall ifTuc licenfes for a greater number of perfons within any towrf dr village, and diftrid around it, as aforefaid, than fhall be fpccitied in the determination, which he fhall enroll, or ftnll iflue any licenfe for the fale of beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors, in any place not fpecified for the parpofe, i\u fuch determination, or in greater numbtr than fhall be therein fpecified, or in other way contrary thereto, or if he fhall iflue any fuch licenfe, unlefs fuch determination fhall have been read aloud in open court, prior to any certificate being figned for any fuch perfons to be licenfed therein, he fhall for every licenfe fo ifTued, be fubjed to the like forfeiture and incapacity, as if he had ifTued a licenfe to a perfon who had not produced and lodged with him a certificate, with the receipt of the colledor endorfed thereon, purfuant to the provifions of the faid ad, fuch forfeiture to be recovered and applied in like manner, as is provided therein.

VII. And be it further enaded, That if at . any dty Joftjeesnot which (hall be appointed purfuant to this,prefent ad, for *trtcI1^inj,a^lerk

balding	'“‘r

Grand juries

The tltoyeighth te§w ef George TIL *

holding a fpecial feffions in any barony* a fufficient number of juftices (hall not attend, the a&ing clerks of the pedce (hall adj oura fuch fpecial feffions to be held at the faid place, from wejek to week, Until a fufficient number (ball attend during every week, firom faid day, until the firft of July following; and every tfft done at fuch adjournment, (hall 1 be equally valid, to all intents and purpofes, as if the courts Were held at the day firft appointed.

* Ko coftflable; Vlll. And be it further cnaftedt That no con liable, frc. Sec. with- fhcriffs-officer, (heriffs-bailiff, gaoler, turnkey, or fub-flierifT,

SIllk^Bcctited nor Pcr^on wb°(hall not previoufly take an 6ath in open * conrt, that he or (he is not or the foeiety called United Irifhmen, (hall be capable of receiving a licenfe to fell ale;

• beer, or fpirituous liquors ; and that if any fuch lictn fe (hall be granted to any filch perfon, or to any perfon in truft far .him or her, or for the ufe and benefit of any fuch perfon, it (hall be, $nd is hereby declared to be void, and of no effeft, as to authorising fnch perfon to* fell.

Appointment IX. And be it further coafted, in order to guard againft •f fptual fcfll- inconvenience which may arife from the non-atteudance •cs as erom. juftjccg at fpCC|aI feffions, that the daya and places for holding fpecial feffions, (ball be appointed at the general feffions of the peace, which (hall be held in the month of April, inftcad of being appointed at thofe held in the month of July, r.s dinefted by the faid aft; and the days fo to be appointed, (hall be foine days between faid feffions and the. month of July next following; and that in cafe the fpecial feffions fo appointed in the month of April, (hall not beheld for any barony on the day directed for the fame, or on fome day to which the fame (hall be adjourned, in manner before direfted, the juflices at the general feffions in July, (hall proceed at fuch feffions, to execute the fair! aft; and this prefent aft, as if they were a court of fpecial feffions, heldf by virtue of the faid aft, within every ftrch barony; and . every aft done in refpeft thereto, at fuch general fejfioiu itf July, (hall be as valid to all intents and purpofes for the execution of the faid aft, and this prefeot aft, as if done at it fpecial feffions held in fucli barony.

N9 licence for X. And be it further enafted. That naficenf? What* hew or ale «dy,	^	graded for the fate of beer or ale only, or

of wine only, but that every licenfe which (hall be granted? or may have been granted for the fale of fpirituous liquors, after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thou-' land (even hundred and ninety-eight, (hall authorife the’ perfon holding the fame, to fell beer, ale, and wine by retail, dprmg the continuance thereof, without paying any farther or Other duty for the fame, than it herein aftet' cventianed,

, .

Sot

A. ft.

»79**« Chap. 7 j;

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III*

XI.	And be it enided, That there (hall be payable unto Ills Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for every licenfe to be granted for Telling any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail, an the city of Dublin, and in all places within the circular road furrounding the faid city, and within the diftrid of the metropolis of Dublin, thirty pounds ; and in every place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diftant more than two miles therefrom, the fum of twenty pounds $ and in every other place .beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majefty* s park the Phce* nix, not dillant more than five miles therefrom, the fum of bfteen pounds; and within the city of Cork, and all placet furrounded by the faid city, the ftim of thirty pounds; and within the reft of the county of the laid city, twenty pounds ; and within the city of Waterford, tne fum of thirty pounds, and within the reft of the county of the Tad city, the fum of twenty pounds) and within the city of Limerick, and all places furrounded by the faid ckv, ha fum of thirty pounds, and within the reft of the county of the faid city, the fum of twenty pounds ; and within the cities of Kilkenny, Londonderry, and Armagh, and the tdwns of Galway, Drogheda, Belfaft, Newry, Dunddk, and Clonmell, and within one mile and an half of the town-houfe, market houfe, or principal market-place of the laid cities and towns, tefpedivcly, the fum of fifteen pounds ; and within all other cities, corporate*town&, and market-towns, where markets are ufually held, and within one mile of the town-houfe, market-houfe, or princijvd markd-pla^e thereof, the fum of ten pounds; and for every licenfe for felling fuch fpirituous liquors in any other part of this kingdom, the fum of fix pounds yearly; which duties (hall be in lieu of all duties heretofore payable on fuch licenfes.

XII.	And whereas many perfons may have received licenfes for fuch fale, or paid duty for the fan?e', previous to the paflingof this ad ; he it enacled, That every Inch per-Ton ihall, within two months after th^ pafiing of this ad, pay to the colledor of the diftrid, fuch further fum as, together with that already paid, lhall make up the fum required by the profifions of this ad to be paid, gr the licenfe granted to fuch perfon flvall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void, from faid time.

XIII.	Provided always. That if any perfon who (hall have paid the duty as required by the faid ad, lhall, within one month from the pafiing of this ad, prefer to fur render, and give up his or her licenfe, rather than pay the further duty afordaid, the colledor of the diftrid. (hall receive fuch periods licenfe from him or her, and repay unto fuch perfon

\ol. XI.	Q q	the

609

A. D.

Chap.

-----	—J’

Licenfes tu be aid as her tin.

Licenfes to be paid withis months, or void.

Perfona al rerdy »nfed may have their money returned.

6io

Collfc&ors, Ate. to receive duty for ii-ceofcs.

Cletki of peace to fupply ionns of certificates, fcc.

jol penalty on ma pfi rites is hercia Reified*

Tnftice»mty fiOf :• t!<;ns wh<> ft'I w th-out liceniw.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

the fum paid by him or her for the fame, which rc-paymeot (hall be allowed to fuch collector, in his accounts, provided fuch re-payment be made prior to the firll of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That every collect)/ of excife (hall, by himlelf, or a fufficient deputy, for whom he (hall be anfwerable, attend at every feffions of the peace within his dillrid, whereat certificates for licenfes (hall he granted, purfuant to the faid ad, or this prefent ad, in order to receive the duty for the fame ; and if fuch duty he not there paid to him on demand, lie (hall not afterwards receive the lame, or endorfe on the certificate the receipt thereof: Provided always, That if fuch colletor lhall omit fo to attend, and to demand the duty, he (hall not be entitled to receive the fee of two (hillings, nor to retain one (hilling in the pouud of the faid duty, for hie own ufe, as dire&ed by the faid ad.

XV.	And bcit further enaded, That every clerk of the peace (hall fupply to every perfon applying at any fefli. ns, proper forms of certificates, the bonds for the fureties, and the form of liccnfe, for all which, and tor filling up the fame, he (hall be entitled to rcxreive from the perfon applying, the fum of two (hillings and eight-pence halfpenny, and the amount of the (lamp duties ; and if any cl rk of the peace (hall omit to fupply the fame, properly filled up, upon fuch payment as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the grand jury* at the fubfequent affizes to prefent any fum of money whatever, to him, in confideration of his trouble and' expencc, in executing his office.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That any magi£rntein this kingdom, who (hall negled or refufe,.in any In fiance, to carry into execution the (aid ad, and this ad, upon application made1 to him, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pound*} for every fuch negled or refufal; to be recoveied by action, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record, by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, in which no e/T ign, wager, protedion at law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; the money recovered by fuch adion, to be kept, as to one-half thereof, to the ufe of the perion ltiing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the miniiter, red or, or church-warden of the parifh wherein fuch ina-giftrate (hall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.

XVII.	And whereas it would tend much to prevent the ufing fpiiituons liquors without liceufe, were juft ices of the pence for counties, empowered to fine fuch perfor.s in counties of cities, included within faid counties, as fhall feil (pi* rituous liquors without liccr.fe ; be it enaded by the autho-

rity

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

fity aforefaid, That all juftices of the peace for counties adjoining to, or within which fuch codnties of cities are Undated, (hall be empowered, and they are hereby authorized and enabled to a& in fuch counties of cities, fave and except the city, and county of the city of Dublin, a? fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if they were magiftiatea within fuch county of a city, fo far only as (hall relate to convi&ing and levying the penalties inflf&ed by the laid act, or this act, on all perions who (hall fell ale, of fpi-rits without licedfe, contrary to the intent and fpirit of this act.

XVIII.	And be it enacted, That no fee or reward (hall be taken by any magiftrate, clerk, or other perlon, for any act of his, in the execution of the faid, or this prefent act, other than what is herein particularly authorized, under pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds,* to be recoveitd by civil bill, by any perfon fuing for the fame.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That whenever proof flnll have been made, according to law, of the file of ale or. fpi-rituous liquors, in any houfe not licenfrd for that purpofe, the town-land in which iuch houfe is lituatcd, lhall be fub-ject to a fine of twenty pounds fterling, oveT and above all fines incurred by the per Ions convicted of felling without licenfe, as aforefaid ; lave only in cafes where pro».f lhall have been made of fuch illegal iale, by any inhabitants of fuch town-land ; to be levied in the fame manner, and by the fame authority, and applied to the fame purpoles, as fines incurred by the perfons convi&ed of felling illegally, as aforefaid.

XX.	And whereas it may have happened that in fume counties, certificates may not have iiTued for licenies, in manner by law required, fince the lad July feflzons, for the year commencing the twenty-ninth of September, one thou-fand leven hundred and ninety-eight; be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the juliices of peace, at any general fcflioiis, held by adjournment, or otherw’fe, after the patting of this a&, until the firft day ot February, one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-nine, to ifTuc certificates, in like manner as if fuch feffions were fpecial feflions, held for the purpofe,* within the time prefcribed ; and every certificate fo itfued, (hall, in like manner, authorize the clerk of the peace to iffae licenies ; and every fuch licenfe (hall be as valid to all intents and purpofes, as if granted at fpecial feilions, any thing io any law (6 the contrary not-#ithftanding.

5l. penaky on mag rstffl who take lees.

20I. penalty, &c. as herein.

Juftice* may illue certificates.

Qji *

CHAP.



The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

CHAP. LXXIV.

An AS for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have aSed fince the Firjl Day of November, one thoufand frven hundred and ninety feven, for the Prefcrvation of the Public Peace9 and SuppreJJion of JnfurreQions prevailing infqme Parts of tins Kingdom.

Diiforbaftces and rebellion fince Nov,

1799>*c-

WHEREAS fmee the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, feveral parts of this kingdom have been difturbed by treafonable in-furredion* and open rebellion, and the lives and properties of many peaceable and faithful fubjeds deftroyed, and many of his Majefty’s loyal fubjeds have loft their lives in faid rebellion ; and feveral officers and juft ices of the peace, and other perfons, in order to preferve the public peace, the lives and properties of his Majefty's faithful fubjeds, and to fupprefs and put an end to fuch infurredions and rebellion, have apprehended feveral criminals fufpeded of being concerned in faid pradices of infurredion and rebellion, and without due authority, have fent other criminals, or fufpeded perfons out of the kingdom, and have been obliged to do divers other ads not juflifiable by law, but which were yet fo much for the public fervice, and fo necefTnry for the fuppreflion of fuch infurredion and rebellion, that the perfons by whom they were tranfaded ought to be indemnified : be it therefore enaded by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament atfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfonal adions, fuits, indidments, informations, attachments, molcftations, profecutions, and proceedings whatever, judgments and orders, if any be, againft the faid magiftrates and perfons, for, or by reafon of any matter or thing, commanded, appointed or done fince the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, in order to fupprefs the laid infurredions and rebellion, and for the prefcrvation of the public peace, or for the iafety of the ftate, (hall be difeharged and made void, ai.d that every perfon by whom any fuch ad, matter or thing, (hall have been advifed, commanded, appointed or done for the purpofes aforefaid, fince the firft day of November, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, (hall be freed, acquitted and indemnified, as well agaiuil the King’s Majetty, his heirs and fucceflors, as agaiuft all and 2	every i

i

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

every other perfon and perfons ; and that if any profccu* tion, action or fuijt, hath been, or (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfori, for any fuch aft, matter or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, for the purpofeq aforefaid, or any of them, he or (he may plead the general i(Tue, and give this aft and the fpeciaj matter ia evidence ; and' if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non* fuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difeout in nance, or if a verdift pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their double cofts, fqr which he, (he, or they (halt have the like remedy, as in cafes in .which coils by law are given tQ defendants.

613

A. D. 1798.

CHAP. LXXV.

An Ad for continuing and amending an A8 made in the Thirtyfeventh Tear of His MajeJly1 s Reign, Entitled, An Ad for better regulating the Collection of H'u Mayfly1* Revenue, ami for preventing of Frauds therein, andfor repealing an Aft made in the 7 hirtyfixth Tear of the Reign of Hu frefent MajeJly, Entitled, An Ad for continuing and Amending the feveral laws relating to His MajeJly1 s Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein, and the fevered Acts and Statutes which are mentioned in the fetid Ad, and continued thereby.

TT7HEREAS by an aft paffed in the thirty-feventh By revenue

year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for better a& 37 G. fe' regulating the collection of his MajeJly1 s revenue, and for pre- veral ufeful re-ventirig *offrauds therein, and for repealing an ad made in the jjJ!^008 WCrC thirty fixth year of the reign of his prefent MajeJly, Entitled,

An ad for continuing and amending the feveral laws relating to his Afajejly's revenue, arui further preventing frauds therein, and the ' feveral ads ' and flatutes which are mentioned in the faid ad, and. continued thereby, feveral provisions \yere made for regulating the collection of his Majefty’s revenue, and preventing frauds therein, 'which have been found to be of general ufe* but are now near expiring 5 be it enafted by the king’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and corn-H\ons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited aft, and all and every the claufe and claufes therein contained, except fuch parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this prefent aft, ihall continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of June,

one

#

Digitized by

Google

€14	The	thirty-eighth	Year	George	III.

A.D. ■798-Chap. 75

Port wine im-poitol vcffels tuulcr 63 gallons, .all be

forfeited.

Perfons who dye, fabi rote or manitfi . ure tea, as In rt in deferibcd, ihall be forfeited.

Shmh or other mixed fpirits fhai; jay duty as fpirits.

Goods found concealed Hiall be leized.

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

II.	And be it enacted, That no wine of the growth or produce of . ortugal, (hall be imported into this kingdom, or into any port, haibour, haven, or creek thereof, in any bottle, jar, caAt, or other veffel, which (hall contain fiity-three gallons at lealt, upon pain of forfeiting fuch wine, and the bottle, jar, cafk or veflel, in which fuch wine (hall be Contained.

III.	And whereas feveral ill-difpofed perfon$ do frequently dye, fabricate or manufacture veiy great quantities of floe leaves, liquorice leaves, and the leaves of tea that have been before ufed, or the leaves of other trees, fhrubs or plants, in imitation of tea, and do likewife mix, colour, (lain and dye fuch leaver, and likewife tea, with Terra Japonica, fugar, molafles, clay, logwood and other ingredients, and do fell and vend the fame as true and real tea, to the prejudice of the health of his Majefly’s fubjeCts, the diminutiqn of the revenue, and to the ruin of the fair trader ; for remedy of fuch frauds and abufes for the future, be it enaCted, That if any perIon or perfons (hall dye, fabricate or manufacture any floe raves, liquorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been ufed, or the leaves of any other tree, (brub, or plant, mitation of tea, or (hall mix, colour, (tain or dye fuch leaves or tea, with Terra Japonica, fugar, molafTes, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials what foe ver, or (hall fell and vend, or utter, offer, or expofe to fale, or (hall have in his, her, or their cultody or pofleflion, any fuch dyed, fabricated or manufactured leaves, in imitation of tea, or any fuch coloured, itained or dyed leaves, pr tea mixed with any of the ingredients before mentioned, or with anyother ingredients whatsoever, fuch yjerfon or perfons (hall refpec-tively, for every pound of fuch leaves fo dyed, fabricated or manufactured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of fuch mixed, colouied, (tained or dyed leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, together with all fuch leaves or tea, which leaves or tea arty officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue is and are hereby required jnd empowered to feize.

IV.	And be it enaCted, That all (hrub, or other mixed fpirits imported into this kingdom, (hall be deemed and taken to be fingle fpirits, or fpirits perfectly made, and pay duty as fuch.

V.	And be it enaCted, That all goods not entered, or mentioned in the invoice %of any (hip or veJTel, and found concealed twenty-four hours after fuch invoice made, (hay

be

«

V	The	thirty-eighth Tear of George FB.

be liable to forfeiture, as fully as if they were aftually carried out of fuch fhip or veiTel, with intention to run them, and fuch goods (hall be feized and difpofed of, and the per-fons profecuted in maimer hereafter mentioned.

VI.	Be it ena&ed, That when any broker (ball make and fign an entry of goods, wares or merchandize, in the ble to fur-name, or for the ufe of any other perfon or perfons, every charge* on rn-fuch broker (hall be liable to, and pay any fur-charge or fur- o^n™fOI^ charges to which fuch goods, wares or merchandize, (hall

by law be chargeablie, in the fame manner a9 if fuch broker was the adual importer and proprietor of fuch goods, wares or merchandizes.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, That no fait imported into No fait to be this kingdom, for any purpofe whatfoever, (hall be landed ^ ^unlcfc pr put on (hore, unlefs the duty payable on the importa- §uty°U paid. * tion thereof (hall have been paid, any law or ftatute to the

contrary notwitbftanding.

VIII.	And in order to encourage the fifheries of, this Allowance of kingdom, be it cna&ed, That there (hall be paid and allow- <juty on fojt

ed to every perfon who (hall proceed to fi(h on the coafts of be made to per-this kingdom, and (hall cure fifh $aught on the faid coafts, wh? catdJ fuch fum as (hall be equal to the duty of the. quantity of (alt	J^g^J

ufed in curing fuch fifh $ and the chief commiffiooers of his and cure it. Majefty's revenue (halt, with all convenient fpeed, forma fchedule or table of the feveral fums to be paid, in refpeft pf the quantities of the fevera} fpecies of fi(h which (hall be mentioned in ]fuch fchedule or table, as and for the duty of the quantities of fait ufed In curing the fame refpe&ively, and that fo foon as fuch fchedule or table (hall be formed and figned by three of the laid commiffioners, at leaft, the feveral fums which (hall be mentioned and fet forth in fuch fchedule or table, as the allowance for the duty of the fait ufed in curing ^he refpe&ive quantities of the feveral fpecies pf fiftj therein to be mentioned, (hall be paid to the refpec-tive perfons who (hall have caught, cured, and landed fuch fifh in this kingdom ; which payment (hall be made by the cblle&or of the port in which fuch fifh (hall be landed, out of any monies in his hands, not appropriated to any particular purpofe: provided always, that proof to the fatif-fa&ion of the faid commiflipnera of his Majefty’s revenue,

(hall be made, of the quantity of fifh caught, and that the fame was cured with fait made br imported into this klng-

IX.	And whereas the increafe of bulinefs' on the cuftom- f, 1 "f*^have houfequay of Dublin, and the opening of the docks lately dert-d rules for built, adjoining to the faid cuftom-houfe, have rendered conducing bu-the rules, orders, and regulations for the condu& of the ®nck'?5.®^uak bofinefs therein, ineffectual; be it enaCted, That it (hall

and as hcreix

Brokers lia*

✓

Wne* ©»* fprits in calks,

bottle*, Src. without ner-mits, (hail dc feized.

Upon oath uf c rrier and merchant. See.

good* reftored.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

*nd may be lawful' for the commiffioners of his MajeftyV revenue to make, from time to time, fuch rules, orders and regulations, as to them (hall feem proper, for the govern* ment and regulation of the bufinefs tranfaaed on the faid cuftom-houie quay, and in the docks adjoining thereto, and in all (hips or veffeis lying .in the faid docks, or in the river adjoining to the faid cultom-houf? quay ; and for the regu* lation and government of all perfons in tranla&ing the faid bufinef6; which iules, Orders and regulations, when figned by any three or more of the faid commiffioners, and publifh* ed in writing, in the long-room in the cullom-houfe, afore-faid, (hall be obeyed by all fuch perfons as aforefaid ; and any perfon offending againttany of the faid rules, orders and regulations, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds ; provided that it (hall and may be in the power of the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, to mitigate or iefTen any fine or forfeiture incurred under any of the faid rules, orders or regulations, to any fum not lefs than the fum of five (hillings.

X.	And in order to prevent frauds by not fending per-mita with excifeable goods, be it ena&ed, That all wines in cafks, bottles, jars, or other frefTels, any quantity of brandy or other foreign fpirits, or of tfrong waters or fpi-rits made in this kingdom, exceeding four gallons; all tobacco or fnuff above the weight of four poundsj coffee exceeding two pounds weight; malt exceeding fix flonet weight s fugar exceeding in weight fifty-fix pounds; filk in whole pieees, and Eaft India goods, other than and except fpicerias of all forts, and except tea, exceeding the weight of two pounds, and all other excifeable goods whatsoever, that (hall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any part or place within this kingdom, to any other part thereof, whether from any part of any city or town, to another part thereof, or from one town or place to another town oi place, (hall be liable to be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty's revenue, and (hall be deemed and taken to be run goods and forfeited as fuch, unlefs the carrier or perfon conveying the fame, or the perfon in whofe poffcffion the fame fhall be, (hall produce a permit or let-pafs, under the hand of a proper officer ®f the revenue, authorifing the removal of fuch goods, if fa h perfon (hall be required fo to do by any fuch officer.

XI Provided always, That on oath made by the carrier or perfon in whofe polfeffion fuch (hall be found, of the lofs of fuch permit, and by the merchant, before the commif-fioners or fub-commiffioners of excife, in th ir refpe&ive dillrida, that fuch permit was not taken out or made ufe of to his knowledge or belief, fraudulently to cover or proted

any

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

imy other goods, but' was taken out for the particular goods fo feized, in fuch cafe, the entry from fuch permit in the books of the proper officer, or a copy thereof duly atteftfcd, fhall be evidence of fuch permits having been taken out, and fuch goods fhall thereupon be reftored to the owner or proprietor thereof.

XII.	Provided always, That if the carriage of fueh goods fhall be prevented from being fully performed within the time limited in fuch permit, by any unavoidable accident, then, on notice being immediately given by the owner or carrier of fuch goods, to any officer of the revenue, and a reft or ftay being made of fuch goods, at or near the place where fuch accident fhall happen, the officer of the revenue to whom fuch notice fhall be given, fhall, without delay repair to the place where fuch good3 fhall th<;n be, and if fuch officer fhall find, upon view or enquiry, fuch goods were Hopped or delayed in their carriage by fuch accident, then fuch officer fhall thereupon, by endorfement on luch permit, enlarge the time for the carriage of fuch goods to the place of their firft deftination ; and if any officer of the revenue, fhall wilfully or negligently omit or refufe to do his duty herein, according to the dirc&ions aforefaid, fuch officer fhall, on proof being made thereof, to the fatisfaAion of the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three or more of them, forfeit the ium of ten pounds.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majefty’s revenue to enter, in the day-time, into any»houfe, out houfe, ftore-houfe, or other place belonging to any perfon or perfons dealing in, ftoring, or having in his, her or. their pofTcffion, any fpirits or ftrong waters made in this kingdom, exceeding four gallons, and to demand a permit or let-pafs, figned by. the proper officer of -excife, for fuch fpirits as fhall be found therein, and if on demand made by any fuch officer, fuch permit or let-pafs, or a certificate under the hand of a proper officer, that a permit had been lodged with him, fhall not be produced within a reafonable time after fuch demand, or proof made that a permit had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards loft or miflaid, then all fuch fpirits or ftrong wateis, together with the cafks or veflels in which they fhall be contained, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty's revenue.

XIV.	And be it ena£ted, That every colleAor who fhall grant a licenfe to any perfon to deal in cxcifeable goods, fhall, at the time of granting fuch licenfe, give the perfon obtaining the fame a certificate thereof, which certificate fhall, at every time perfon or perfons fo licenfed to deal in cxcifeable,goods fhall purchafe any fuch goods from any importer

When goods are retardedby accident, officers may extend the time. iot. penalty on officer.

Revenue officers may enter and feize, if a permit or certificate is not produced.

Colle&ort to give certificates as herein.

f

Digitized by

GoOgle

f

\



A. D.

*79«-Chap. 75,

Be^krt to fcn<1 notice to offitcii within M hour*, or forfeit fuch gootK and 20!.

Ofean to keep accounts at betas.

The ihirty-eightb Tear of GeorgeHI.

porter thereof, be produced to fuch importer, who (ball €$*

dorfc on fuch certificate, the quantity and quality of fuch goods, the mark, numbers and weight thereof; and if fpi-rits, the degrees of ilrength of the liquor in each cafk, the place where, and the time when, and the name of the ihip in which the fame was imported, and the time w&en 7 the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the perfon to whom the fame (hall be fold, and the time of fuch laic, andl fuch importer, or hia known clerk (hall figu fuch endorfe-ment; and fuch certificate with fuch endorfement as afore-faid, fhall be produced to the proper officer for granting * permit for fuch excifcable goods, and fuch officer (hall, at the time of granting every fuch permit, fpecify in fuch eo-dorfement the date and pumber < f the permit, and the place where the fame ll.all be granted, and fign his name thgicon ; and if on an examination by any officer of tfay roAfriue, fuch endorfement (hall be found not to correspond with the goods fo examined, all fuch goods fhall be feized and forfeited, together with the calks or packages containing the fame

XV.	And be it enacted. That every retailer of, and dealer in excifeable goods, as often as he or (he fhall pur* chafe any fuch goods from any importer thereof, fhall on their arrival to the place of their deftinatiou, or within twenty-four hours after, give notice thereof iji writing to the proper officci, who is hereby required to repair immediately -thither, and examine fuch good* with the merchant’s erW dorfement on the back of fuch certificate, of the faid retailer or dealer’s licenfe, and if fuch goods fhall agree with the defeription in the faid endorfement, the officer fhall take fuch goods into his general account of flock, and fuch rc* tafler fhall be entitled to credit for the fame, as goods legally Imported; and in cafe any retailer of, or dealer in exciicabk goods fhall negledf or refufe to give fuch officer fuch notice, or fhall not produce his faid certificate as often as he fhall be required by fuch officer fo to do, in every fuch cafe, the goods, and the casks or packages containing ^be-fame (hall be forfeited, and fuch retailer and dealer fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every time he fhall not produce his faid certificate when required, as aforefaicL

XVI.	And be it enabled, That the proper officers of cxcife fhall take an account of the flock of all retailers of, and dealers in excifeable goods, and fhall keep a full and true account thereof in a book, and on every vifit fhall give to fuch retailer or dealer an exa& copy of the account of the flock fo by him taken, and enter the fame in a certificate-book to be kept by fuch retailer or dealer; and in all cafes where a permit fhall be nepeflary for the fdbfequent re. moval of any goods, the retailer or dealer fhall produce to

the

Tic tlirty-dghtl Tear George III.



the permitting officer his certificate-book, and oppofit* to the officer’s account of (lock, the retailer or dealer (ball enter the quantity and quality of the goods to be permitted, to whom and where Cent, and the fame (hall be figned by fuch retailer or dealer, or his known clerk ; and if it (hall appear that any fraud was committed to the prejudice of hit JVlajelly’b revenue, by the clerk of any retailer or dealer, filch retailer or dealer (hall be accountable for the fame as for his own ad ; and every retailer who (hall refide in any place except within the dillridof the metropolis of Dublin, (hall fo often as any fuch certificate-book (hall be filled with entries required to be made therein, deliver the (ame to the proper officer of excifc; and every retailer who (hall refide within the diftrid of the metropolis of Dublin, (hall fo often a3 fuch certificate book (hall be filled with entries as afore-faid, deliver the fame at the permit 'office for the diviilon in which fuch retailer (hall refide, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds £ and no permit (hall be granted to convey any excifeable goods from any retailer or dealer after he or ihe ought to have fo delivered fuch certificate-book, as aforefaid, until he or (he (hall have fo delivered lip the fame*

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That as often as any excifeable groods (hall be conveyed to any retailer tfr dealer therein, the officer of excife (hall enter an account of all fuch goods in the certificate-book kept by fuch retailer or dealer, and the permit or certificate from which luch entries (hall have been made, (hall be faftened in fuch certificate-book by the retailer or dealer, and (hail fo remain faftened until the force of fuch permit, or the certificate grauted in lieu thereof, (hall have expired, and a new certificate (hall be obtained in place of the fame for fo much of the goods as (hall remain on hands at the end of each quarter, or until the whole of the quantity contained in fuch permit or certificate (hall be difpofed of, and fuch new or quarterly certificate (hall be faftened by the retailer or dealer to fuch certificate-book, and remain fo falten-* ed whilft any part of the goods for which the original permit or certificate had been granted, (hall remain on hands; and no officer of the revenue (hall grant any permit on the credit of fuch certificate-book, unlcfs it (hall appear by the permits or certificates annexed thereto, that the perfon applying for fuch permit is entitled to credit for the quantity of goods for which he or (he requires fuch permit, nor un-lefs fuch perfon make oath that the goods for which he or flic requires fuch permit, are part of the fame goods mentioned in the permit or certificate faftened to the book, and by virtue of which fuch goods were taken into ilock, or in cafe of a quarterly certificate that the goods for which he or

A. D-

1798^ Chap. 75,

Officers to enter goods in certificate-books, 5c c.

Digitized

by Google



A. D.

1798-Chap- 75.

Dealer^ to pve certificater botks. to officer*, within 14 days, penalty ioL

What (hall

be a protection.

Perfons who receive permits lhali lodge them as hex cun.

The thirty-eighth Year of George III,

(he requires fuch pc: mit, are part of the goods for which fueft quarterly certificate was granted.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That every retailer of ex-cifeable goods, (hall within fourteen days after the thirty-firll day of December, in every year, if fuch retailer (hall refi'de in any place of this kingdom, except within the dif-tri& of the metropolis of Dublin, deliver to the officer of the walk in which he or (he refides ; and if fuch retailer (hall refide within the diltri& of the metropolis of Dublin, ,at the permit-office forthe divifioo in which he orfhefhalj refide, the certificate-book in which the account of his or her ftqck (hall have been entered, with all the permits and certificates which (hall have been fattened thereto, as aforefaid, and fuch officer (hall thereupon give to fuch retailer, a certificate for fuch of his (lock mentioned in the faid certificate-book, as (hall then remain on hands, and (hall enter the fame in a new certificate-book to be kept in manner afotefaid , and if any retailer (hall negleft to deliver to fuch officer his certificate-book, he qx (he (hall for every fuch neglc&, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; and no permit (hall be granted to convey any goods ftom any retailer, after the time he or (he is hereby required to deliver to the officer the faid certificate book, with the permits and certificates faftened thereto, unlefs his or her faid book (hall have been delivered to fuch officer.

XIX.	And be it enatfccd, That no fuch entry of any officer in any book, (hall be fufficieut to prote& any excife-ablc good8 from feizure, unlefs the permit for conveying fuch goods, or the merchant’s certificate under which the fame wer received, or the certificate granted in lieu of fuch permit, or fuch quarterly certificate as aforefaid* (hall remain faftened to the faid certificate-book.

aX. And be it enacted. That in cafes where by law permits for conveying of goods are required, and luch permit fhall be iflued and taken out, the period to whom fuch goods (hall be fent, (hall within twenty-four hours, or in cafe a Sunday, or Chriftmas day, or Good-Friday (hall intervene** in forty-eight hours after the arrival of fuch goods at the place of their deftinationj dr after the expiration of the time, limited in fuch permit, repair to the proper officer for grant-' ing permits, where an office for that purpofe (hall be efhb-liftied, and in all other places tc the collector, fftrveyor, oir other officer of excife, with fuch permit, and (hall lodge the fame with the proper officer in fuch office, or with fuch colledtor, furveyor, or other officer of excile ; and every fuch officer (hall, within twenty-four hours after any fuch permit (hail be fo lodged with him, carefully cumine fuch goods, and (hall, without fee or reward, iip* a affidavit or oath made by the perfon to whom fuch goods lhali be fent, (which oath, fuch officer may admiuiiter) that the goods

mentioned

The thirty-eighth Year of George III,

mentioned in the permit, were really and truly brought from the place mentioned in fuch permit, give to the p.ifort bringing fuch permit, a certificate figned by fuch i.dicer, that the faid permit was lodged with him, which certificate (hall contain in the body thereof, a copy of fuch permit without erafure or alteration, and the day of granting fuch certificate, and fuch certificate fiiall protect the goods fo long a8,the fame (hall continue of force.

XX I. And be it enadted, That every perfon applying Manner of for a permit, for conveying any quantity of fpirits or ftrong J®*'11?pcrqiits waters, (hall give to the officer who is to grant fuch per- for pirxU* mit, an account in writing, of the number of calks, or veflels, in which fuch fpirits or ftrong waters are to be contained, together with the quantity of fpirits or ftrong waters which are to be contained in each calk or veffeT, and fuch officer (hall upon granting fuch permits, give therewith a ticket for every ca(k or veflcl, mentioned in fuch permit, ftamped with fuch (lamp or maik, as the chief commiffion-ers of excife (hail think proper ; and the tickets fo to be given to each perfon, (hall be numbered in arithmetical pro-greflion, beginning with the number one, and (hall contain the number and date of the permit, the perfons name to whom granted, the name of the perfon to whom, and the place to f which the calk correfponding with the number of the ticket is to be fent, the number of gallons of (pints contained in fuch calk or. veffels, and the time fuch permit is to remain in force, with the initial letters of the officer’s name, who (hall give the fame fub-feribed thereto; and the perfon receiving fuch ticket or tickets, before the removal of fuch fpirits or ftrong waters, for which fuch permit was granted, (hall affix of fatten one of fuch tickets with paftc, or other glutinous fubftance, on each oa(k or .veflel; which ticket (hall correfpond with the number and contents of the ca(k or veflel on which it (hall be affixed, or in default thereof, the fpirits and the calk or calks containing the fame, (hall be forfeited and may be fei'/ed by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue.

XX11.	And be it enadled, That in all cafes where it is ' by law dire&ed, that a ticket be affixed or fattened to the (n head of any cafk or veflel, containing fpirits made in this officers ,xamine, kingdom, fuch ticket (hall remain affixed or fattened there- , t.-j.u 5*. per to, and the fpirits (hall remain in fuch calk, or veflel, and	^	ipi-

(hall not be again removed, until the fame (hall be examined r5t$ l°rtcitcd* by the proper officer, or the permit, by virtue of which fuch fpirits (hall have been conveyed, (hall be lodged with him, and his certificate thereof obtained, or in default thereof, the perfon to whom fuch fpirits were fo conveyed, by virtue of fuch permit, (hall forfeit the fum of five (hillings

Tickets to remain on heads of	un il

/

Digitized by

Google^

la*.	The thirty-eighth Tear of George It I.

A. D.	lings for every gallon of the fpirits which fhall appear by

1798.	the permit for conveying the fame, or by the ticket affixed

Chap. 75. to fuch calk, to have been contained therein ; and all fuch \-~^>T****J fpirits, and the calks in which the fame (hall be contained* (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by ady officer of hi* Majedy’s revenue.

Retailer*of XXIII. And be it enaded, That every perfon licenfcd excifeable goods to retail any excifeable goods within the dillrid of the me-to make quur- tropolis of Dublin, (hall, within fourteen days after the wdi therein twenty^t^1 day March, twenty-fourth day of June,

*	’	twenty-ninth	day	of September, and twenty-fifth day of

December, in every year, make a return to the proper officer, at the p rinit-office, in the divifion in which fuch retailer (hall reiidc, of the quantity of fpints, wi ie, coffee, tea, fugar, hops, tobacco, fuuff, or other excifeable goods, in his or her pofT (lion, at the time of making fuch return, and (hall make oath before fuch officer, that fuch return is a tme account of the quantities of all fuch excifeable goods, then in the cudody or polfeffion of fuch retailer, to the bed of his or her calculation and belief; and that he or (he received regular permits or certificates, with and for every article . contained in fuch return, and that to the bed of his or her knowledge and belief, his Mijedy's duties were paid for all fuch goods, which oath ever)' fuch officer is hereby aphorized and empowered to adminider; and fuch officer is thereupon to grant one general certificate, for fo much * fpirits, wine, coffee, tea, fugar, hops, tobacco, fnuff, or other excifeable goods, as fuch retailer (hall then have on hands, which certificate lhail have the fame effed, as the original permits or certificates granted for fuch goods.

lol. penalty X TV. And be it enabled. That every perfon Irctnfed to «n retailers,&c. retail any excifeable goods within the didrid ofi the metropolis of Dublin, who lhail ncgled to make fuch return of his or her dock, in the manner, and within the time by this ad direded, lhail, for every fuch negled* forfeit the funi' of ten pounds lterling; and no permit fliall be granted to convey any goods from any fuch retailer, until fuch return of dock as aforefaid, (hall be made.

Licenfe*taken XXV. And be it enaded, That from and after the paf-ouc by brewas, fing of this ad, every perfon brewing Itrong beer or air, penalty joi. or fmaj] ^eer for fa]Cj wfo.ther by retail or otherwife, fhall, before he or die lhail brew any llrong beer or ale, or final! beer, take out a licenfe for fo doing, from the collcdor of the didrid in which he or fhe (halLfceficte, for every brew-houfe or place in which he or die fhall brew fuch drong beer or ale, or fmall beer, and pay to fucli colledor the duty payable thereon ; which liccnfe lhail exprefs the name and fumamc,1 and place of abode of the perfon taking out fuch licenle, and the place where the( brewery, in refped of which fuch

licenfe

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

liccnfe (hall be taken our, 19 fituated; and if any perfon brewing ftr.ng beer or ale, or fmall Seer for fale, fhall brew any ftrong beer or ale, or fmall beer, in any brew-houfe, or other place, without bavin 2 taken cut fuch licenfe to brew therein, or without having a licenfe for th^t purpofe, of force, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it ena^ed, Thnt per-fons in partnerfhip carrying on the bulinefs of a hi ewer, (hall not be obliged to take out more than one liccnfe ; and that no one licenle which (hall be granted by virtue of this fhall authorize or empower 3ny perfon or perfons to whom the fame fhall he granted to br^w ilrong beer or ale, or fmall beer, in any other brew-houfe, or place than fuch brew-houfe or place as fhall be mentioned in fuch licenfe ; and every fuch licenfe fhall continue of force for one year from the time of granting thereof

XXVII And be it ena&ed, That the feveral colle&ors In thia kingdom, (hall upon receipt of the duty payable upon any fuch licenfe, grant fuch licenfe under their refpcc-tive hands, for each of which licenfes there fhall be taken by fuch colle&ors for their own ufe, a fee of two {hillings and eight-pence-halfpenny, and no more, over and above the-duty payable thereon.

XXVIII* And be it cna&ed, That every ^ fa&or and other perfon dealing in, or iloring malt, and every brewer and diitiller who hath given to the cullc&or of the diftri&, in which he or {he relid s, fuch acccnint as is by law required, of any ftoreor place intended to be uRd by him or her, for keeping or floring malt, fhall within fourteen days after he or fhe fhall be required by any officer of cxcifo give to fuch colle&or an account in writing, under his or her hand, fpecifying the mcafure in feet and inches, of the length, breadth, and heighth of each fuch ftore or place, or in default thereof, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; and every fadtor or other perfon dtaling in, or Roving malt, and every brewer and dlfliller who fhall give to the coliedlor of the diftridl, in which he or fhe fhall rcf.de, fuch account as is by law required, of any (lore or place intended to be ufed by him or her, for keeping 01 floring malt, fhall, at the time of giving fuch account, fpecify therein in writing, under his or or her hand, the meafure in feet and inches of the length, breadth* and heighth of each fuel* (tore or place, or in default thereof, fhall forreit the fum of* twenty pounds.

XXIX. And be it ena&ed, That iPthe leug:h, breadth, or heighth uf any filch fture or place, of which fuch ac-» count as aforefaid, fhall be fo give •» as aforefihl, fhall exceed by four inches the dimenlions or meafure of the length, breadth, or heighth refpedb’vely, wluch fhall have been ,	mentioned

Brewer* in partn r<h p not to tdkc oat more than 1 liccnfe.

Colh&orsto grant fuch li-

cenit-s, &c. and .1 fee of i«. 8ih.

Account* of <]im<;! lions of

mail il >re*, penalty aoi.

a z\. penilry

if diruc.-ifi »n> crceed account given In by4 inches

*. ^^zed by Google

A. D.

1798. Chap. 75.

Pcrfon* who Ifcake ufe of vrffeb, &c. without notice to coUeAora, forfeit ool.

Frauds are

committed by coil-dors of hearth mpney, Ate.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III#

mentioned in fuch account, to be the dimenftons or raeafure of the length, breadth, or heighth thereof, the fador, brevier, diftiller, or other perlon who fhaH have given fuch account, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXX.	And be it- ena&ed. That ho maltfter, or other perfon making malt for fale, or not for fale, (hall erc& or fet up, alter, or enlarge,or make ufe of any ciftern, uting-vat, uten-fil, or other veffel, for the wetting or fteeping of com or grain, to be made into malt, or any couch-trame, or any kiln, floor, room, or other place for keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making into malt, without firfl giving notice in writing to the colle&or of the diftri&, of his or her intention to ere£t or fet up, alter, enlarge, or make ufe of fuch eiftem, uting-vat, utenfil, or other vdfe?, or couch-frame, or fuch kiln, floor, room or other place, or (hall keep or make ufe ol any eiftem, uting-vat, mail'll, or other veflel for t e wetting of his or their corn or grain, making into malt, or other than tfcbfe * which fhall have been mentioned in the return, required by law to be made to the collector, and which (hill be openly known and made ufe of in his or her common malting-houfe, on pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds, for every fuch cillern, uting-vat, utenfil, or other vefTel, couch-frame, kiln, floor, room, or other place, fo eroded or fet up, altered or enlarged, without fuch notice, as aforefaid, or kept private or concealed, or made ufe of, without an account thereof, having been returned to the colle&or.

XXXI.	And whereas colledors of his Majefty’s duty of hearth-money, often defraud his Majefty of the duties received by them, and fometiincs have not returned the books of their refpedtive collections, whereby the monies received and due by them, cannot be fufliciently ascertained, and have in fcveral inllancts wholly negle&ed to account: be it cna&ed, That in every cafe where any collt&or, or difmifs-cd colle&or of hearth-money, (hall not within thirty-one days after demand in writing, figned by three commiflioa-ers of. the revenue, ferved on him, at his ufunl place of abode, make a return, or furnifh an account of the duties of hearth money, paid and payable for any year in the walk of fuch coile&or, or in any parifti or pariflies in which he (hall have been direfled to collect* then the number of hearths in fuch walk, or parifti orpariihes, as the cafe may be, (hall, for fuch year, be deemed equal to the number qf hearths in fuch walk or parifti or parifhes, for the year next pieceding, for which an account for fuch walk or parifti or pariihes was fettled by general abllracts; and

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

fnch collector (hall be charged with fuch fum as the duty on the number of hearths appearing by fuch fettled account or abftract, to be in fuch walk, or parifh or patifhes, in fuch preceding year, has amounted, or fhall amount to, in the year in which fuch return or account fhall not have been made, and he and his fureties fhall be liable to, and fhall pay the fame.	s

XXXII.	And be it enacted, That in every cafe where' Collector any collector, or difmifled collector of the faid duty, fhall charging imallcr not charge himfelf with the receipt of a fum in any year, as number of the produce of any one or more parifh or pari fhes, within his	fhc

collection, equal to the fum which the number of hearths	amount,

appearing by the general abftract for the laft preceding year, for which an account was fettled, to be in each pariih or parifhes, ought to have produced, and that three or more inftances of fraud pr fuppreflion of duty received, fhall appear in the account of any fuch collector, or difmifTed collector of hearth-money,' the produce of every fuch parilh for fuch year, as aforefaid, fhall be deemed to be equal to the fum which the number of hearths fo appearing to be therein, an the next preceding year, for which an account	•

was fettled by abftract, as aforefaid, ought to produce, and the collector, or difmifTed collector of hearth-money, in whofe account fuch inftances of fraud or fuppreflion fhall appear, fhall be charged with fuch fufti, as the number of hearths appearing by fuch fettled account or abftract, to be in fuch parifh oi parifhes, in fuch preceding year, ought to produce, and he and his fureties fhall be liable to, and fhall pay the fame.	1

XXXIII.	Whereas the fherifFs of the county of the town Sheriffs of of Galway, have not, for many years paft, accounted in his co. ou«»wnof Majelly’s court of exchequer, upon the feveral wiits of green-wax procefs iffued to them out of the faid court, and acC0uiits, Sec. their accounts are now involv <i in much intricacy and difficulty, by reafon of fitch neglect, as well as by the deaths and infolvencics of feveral perfohs charged with fines and forfeited recognizances in the f.lid pr »ceT; and it would teud to the publick fervice, and ilu better execution oi the laws within the faid county, if the Iheriffij thereof were relieved from the neceflity of accounting for or upon the fa;d procefs, and that all fines again ft the 1 for fuch neglects, be remitted ; be it enacted. That thefheMfTsof the laid county of the town of Galway, who have ferved the laid office of fherifiV for any period of time before the twenty-ninth day of September, oiic thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, be, and they are hereby releafed font accounting in his Majefty's court of exchequer, a3 hv law, aud the courle of Vol. XL	R	r	the

Fine*, flee, not otherwife dircdcd, ihadi be levied.

In force to i4 June, i?9'>

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

the faid court they ought to do ; and that the barons of his Majefty’s faid court of exchequer be, and they are hereby* authorized and empowered to remit all fines impofed upon the feveral perfons who have ferved the office of fherifiji in the faid county refpcctively, at any time before the faid twenty-ninth diay of September,* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, for their not having accounted, and to difeharge the feveral attachments ifTued again (I them in con-fequcnce thereof, and to order and direct that the bail-bonds taken by the purfuivant of the faid court under fuch attach* merits, be null and void, and be delivered up to be cancelled ; and that the faid feveral perfons, their heirs, executors and adminiflrators, be wholly exonerated from (aid fines ; and that the fhcriffis of (aid county, who have ferved in the faid office, from the (aid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, or who now ferve, or lhall at any time hereafter ferve in the faid office, upon their accounting in his Majefty’s court of exchequer for, or upon the feveral procefs iffued to them out of the faid court, (hall not be chargeable with or made accountable for any fine contained.in any procefs ifTued to them againft any of the faid fheriffs, prior to the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, for not accounting.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That all and every the fines; penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and except fuch as arc by this act otherwife provided for, lhall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as arc pre-feribed, directed, and appointed in and by an ad of parliament made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, an ad for the fettling of the excife or new tmpofi upon bit Mnjejly, his heirs andfucceffort^ according to the hook of rates therein infertedy or by any other law or laws relative to bis Majefty’s revenue of cxcife, as fully and effedually to all intents, conftrudions and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefTed, and re-cnaded in this ad, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and par-tics who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or Injured, as in and by the faid ad of excife, or any other law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excifc is provided.

XXXV.	And be it enaded, That this ad (hall continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence

to

DigitizedJ

.Google _

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

to tfee end of the then next Crffioa of parliament, and ho longer.

CHAP. LXXVIL

jtn AB for the Attainder of Edward Ficzgerald* commonly called Lord Edward Fitzgerald* Cornelius Grogan* qttd Jdeauchamp Bagenal Harvey, deceafed, of High Treafon.

WHEREAS Edward Fitzgerald, efquire, commonly called Lord Edward Fitzgerald, deceafed, on the Jirft day of December, one thousand feven hundred and ninety-feven, Cornelius Grogan, of Johnilown, in the oounty of Wexford, deceafed, on the firft day of June, on? thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and Beauchamp IJagenal Harvey, of Bargy-catitle, in the faid county of Wexford, deceafed, on the fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and at various other times daring the period of their natural lives, fince the days atorefaid, did falfely and traitoroufly imagine and compafs the death of our fovereign lord the King, and did in like manner levy war againft our lord the King, and did in like manner adhere to the enemies of our lord the King : And whereas in order tocarry their laid treafon* into effe&, the faid lord Edward Fitzgerald, on the faid firlfc day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, at the city of Dublin, and various other places within the kingdom of Ireland, and the faid Cornelius Grogan, on the £rit day of June, as afoiefaid, and the faid Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, on the fifth day of June, as aforefaid, and at feveral times fince; at Wexford, in the kingdom of Ireland, and at feveral other places, in order to carry their faid treafons into.effedfc, did confpire with feveral other falfe traitors, to raiife and ltir up infurre&ion and rebellion within this kingdom, and did for the purpofes aforefaid, raife and levy large bodies of armed men, and for the purpofes aforefaid, the faid lord Edward Fitzgerald, with feveral falfe traitors, did endeavour to perfuade the enemies of our fovereign lord the King, to invade this his kingdom of Ireland, and with ‘ intent to depofe and dethrone our lord the King, and to fubvert and overturn this his kingdom of Ireland: And whereas feveral other falfe traitors, who were concerned in the faid treafons and rebellion, have already received their trials at 4aw for the fame, and have been convi&ed thereof, Rrj	and

A. D.

Perfonthers* in committed ads of treafon a« recited.

%

6a 8	•

A. D.

1798. Chap. 77.

Provifo n to conveyances, and other traaf-a&ions, &c.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

and by judgment of law thereupon had, do now ftancT legally attainted : And whereas the faid lord Edward Fit e-gerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, died before they were attainted, be it ena&cd by the authority of this prefent parliament, That the faid Edwai d Fitzgerald, commonly called lord Edward Fitzgerald, d;-ceafed, as from the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven ; and the faid Cornell cm Grpgan, deceafed, as from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; and the faid Beau-champ Bagenal Harvey, deceafed, as from the fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, ftiaD by virtue of this aft be adjudged to be convifted and at tainted of high treafon, to all intents and purpofes, as if they and every of them refpeftively had been attainted during their lives refpeftively ; and that all and every the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, reversions, remainders, pofiefiions, rights, conditions, interefts, officer fees, annuities, and all other the hereditaments leafes for years, chattels real, and other things of what nature whatsoever they be, of them the faid Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, which they, or any perfon to their or any of their ufe, or in trull for them, or any of them, had on the faid refpeftive days on which the faid Edward Fitzgerald, the faid Cornelius Grogan, and the faid Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, are hereby adjudged to be attainted as aforefaid refpeftively, or at any time fince, (hall ftand and be forfeited unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and (hall be deemed vefted and adjudged to be in the aftual and real feizure and pof-feflion of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, without any inquifition or office hereafter to be taken or found; and alfo that all and every other the goods and debt9, and other the chattels pcrfonaF what foe ver, of them the faid Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, whereof upon the days of the refpeftive deaths of them the faid Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, they or any of them, or any perfon in truft for them, or any of them, flood pofTefTed, either in law or equity, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be forfeited unto, and are hereby vefted in his Majefty, without any inquifition or office to be found hereafter.

II.	Provided always, That no conveyance, affurance, grant, bargain, fale, charge, or leafe, afiignment of leafe, eftate, intereft, truft, or limitation of any ufe or ufes, of or out of any manor, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, nor any flatute, judgment, or recognizance, had, made, acknowledged*

2



Digitized

i b^Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

kriowlcdged, or fuffered, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, by-any of faid offenders refpe&ively, or by any perfon or perfons claiming by, from, or under biro, them, or any of them, before the refpeftive periods from which each of them refpeftively, (hall by this aft (land attainted, for good and valuable confideration, or for or in confideration of marriage duly had and folemnhted fubfe-quent to the time of tne executing, making, acknowledging, committing, or fufferiog any fuch conveyance, affur-ance, grant, bargain, fale, charge, or leafe, aflignment pf Jeafe, eflate, intereft, tmft, or limitation, ftatute, judgment, or recognizance; nor any conveyance or ^ffurance, grant, or eftate, made to any of the faid offenders, by any perfon or perfons ift tn^i and fot* the benefit of any other perfon, Javp for the benefit of faid offenders, of any of them, or the heirs or afGgns of faid offenders, or any pf them, (hall be impeached, defeated, or made void, or frustrated hereby, or by any of the convictions and attainders aforefaid, but that the fame (hall be held and enjoyed by the purchasers, grantees, leffees, affigns, ccjlui-quc trull, and every of them, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, refpeftively, as if this aft had not £een made, faving . to all and every perfon and performs, bodies politick and corporate, and to their heirs and fuccefforsj anjf to the heirs, fucceffors, and afligns of every of them, other than the faid Edward Fitzgerald, commonly called lord Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, and other the faid offenders and perfons attainted, and their heirs, and the heirs of every of them, all fuch right, title, and intereft in law and equity which they pr any of them have, or ought to have, of, into, or out of the premifes, not being in truft for any of the faid offenders, nor derived by, from, or under the faid offenders, or any of them, firice the refpeftive day3 on which they (hall refpeftively (land at«? tainted as aforefaid.

III.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this aft contained, fhall affeft the right or title of Rpbert l?r^R, Fitzge Fitzgerald, efquire, commonly called lord Robert Fitzge*

raid, to the dignities and honours which can or might de-	*

feend to him from the moft noble James late duke of Lein-/ fter, his father, but that the faid Robert Fitzgerald, and his heirs, (hall and may make title to fuch honours and dignities an if this aft had never patted.

IV.	Whereas the aforefaid Cornelius Grogan was at the time of the treafon aforefaid by him committed, and at the time of his death, feized in common with the right honourable Charles lord baron Monck, of tlijp manor of Bally-

trammon,	'

Not to

f 3?	Thf thirty-p^hth Tear qf George HI.

A. Df	tram man, and others lands in the faid county of Wexforai :

1798. And whereas much inconvenience is likely to arife to tlac Chap. 77* faid lord baron Monck, and his heirs, in cafe the faid Cor* IV-——f nelius Grogan’s undivided proportion thereof, (hall befetz-C. Grogan	ed, as forfeited into the hands of the crown, without pre-

c^mo^with	v,OU8 proton made for the eafy partition of the faid mi-

lord Monck. nor an<* lan^5* he it therefore, epaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Charles lord baron Monck, his heirs and afiigns, immediately after the palling of this ad, and whether the (aid Cornelius Grogan’s undivided proportion of the laid manor and lands (hall or (hall not be then feized into the adual pot-feffion of his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to inilitute and profecute fuch fuit or fuitsf’n equity as is now permitted between fubjeds of this re^ln, in order to obtain a fair and equal partition of the faid manor and lands, with their appurtenances, according to his or their title and in-tereft therein, as if this act had not beeil made, nor the faid Cornelius Grogan attainted of treafon, fave that the attorney-general for the time being, of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, (hall be made a defendant to fuch fuit, and that it (hall not be nectfTary for the faid lord baron Monck, bis heirs or affigns, to proceed by petition of right, or otherwife, fave as aforefaid, to obtain fuch partition.

V.	And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid* That whether fuch fuit as aforefaid, (hall be commenced and profecutcd agair.il the faid attorre)-general for the time being, as the only defendant thereto, or againft the perfoo or perfons whom the law or practice of courts of equity requires to be made parties to fuch fuit, together with the faid attorney-general, fuch fuit (hall be proceeded on in all things, as is now* ufual in fuita in equity wherein his Ma-jefly’s attorney-general is made defendant on behalf of his Majelly, and as if the faid Cornelius Grogan were not hereby attainted of treafon, and his lands and tenements veiled in tht crown, without office found.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* partition fhall	That on the execution and return of the commilCon of pe-

bc hiidmg.	rambulation to be awarded and iflued in fych fuit, fuch de-

cree of partition fhall be made and pronounced as is ufual in cjfcs between fubjects of this realm; and that fuch decree as aforefaid, when figned and enrolled of record, (hall be binding and conclufive on his Majelty, his heirs and fuc-cefTors, and all other perfons parties to the faid fuit, and ,	thofe claiming under them, and that from and immediately

after the fining and enrollment of the faid decree, the faid lord baron Monck* his heirs and afiigns, (hall be, and become feized in fevcralty (According to his and their

title

H«w fuch ftnt (hull t'c proceeded on.

Decree of

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

title and intereft which he ot they had in the (aid manpr and lands before the pafEng of this act) of his or .their now undivided proportion of the (aid manor and lands, and fhail have and enjoy therewith all and fmgular the manorial rights, privileges, fervices, and appurtenances to the fame manor anciently or of right belonging or appertaining, as if this act had not been made, nor the faid Cornelius Grogan attainted of treafon, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithltanding.

A. D.

1796.

CHAP. LXXVIII.

\

An Ad to prevent Perfons from returning to His Majejly's Dp-minions, who have been, or jBall he transported^ banifhed, or exiled, on Account of the prefent Rebellion, and to pro- < bibit them from puffing into any Country at War with His Majefly•

rebellion, have implored his ^ajefty’s pardon, on condition of bandit* ment;

WHEREAS during the wicked and unnatural rebel- Several per-lion which hath broken out in this kingdom, feveral perfons who had taken up arms againft his Majefty, or had * -■-traitoroufly and wickedly correfponded with, and adhered to his enemies, or were otherwife engaged in fomenting the faid rebellion, and a&iiig therein, have been apprehended and committed to prifon, for fuch their treafons, feveral of whom being confcious of their flagrant and enormous guilt, have exprefled their contrition for the fame, and have molt humbly implored his Majefty’s mercy, that he would be gr\-cioufly pleafed to order all further profecution againft them to flop and furctafe, and to grant his royal pardon to them on condition of their .being tranfported, banifhed, or exiled to fuch foreign country as to hi:> Majefty in his royal wif-dom (hall feem meet: And whereas h»s Majefty may, of his royal clemency, be moft gracioufly pleafed to grant his pardon to fuch of the faid perfons as have already confefled their guilt, aaaforefaid, and to others who may hereafter in like manner throw themfelves upon his royal clemency, upon fuch conditions as Jiis Majefty may be pleafed to preferibe :

And whereas it is neceffary for the public fafety, and for the better enabling bis Majefty to exercife his clemency towards fuch offenders, that the terms and conditions of their re-{pe&ive pardons fhould be pun&ually performed, in cafe his Majefty (hall be pleafed to comply with fuch their humble fuits: And whereas the following perfons, Thomas Brady, of Tigrony, in the county of Wicklow, minor; Michael

Mulhall,

I

A. D.

1798. Chap. 78. iV-v—-

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

Mulhall, of the town of Wicklow, plaifterer ; John Dorney, of Tiglin, in the county of Wicklow, flator; Richard Byrne> of Caftlttown, in the county of Kildare, bricklayer ; Jofeph Djvis, of the city of Dublin, cutler; Patrick Madden, of the city of Dublin, huxter ; Farrell Cuff, of Edenderry, in the King's-county, fchool-mader; John Lacy, of city of Dublin, founder; John Cadies, of Cur-tubber, in the county of Rofcommon, land furveyor; John Kinkead, of Carvanreagh, in the countyvof Tyrone, farmer; Robert Goodman, of the city of Dublin, lawyer; Rowland Goodman, of the city of Dublin, flator; ^eni* Carthy, of the city of Dublin, writing-clerk; John Gorman Kennedy, of the city of Dublin, brewer ; Samuel NeiU ion, of Belfaii, in (he county of Antrim, merchant; Matthew Dowling, of the city of Dublin, attorney‘at law; Henry Banks, of the city of Dublin, cabinet-maker; the reverend John Barrett, of the city of Dublin, popifh pried; Edward Crookfhank Keane, of the city of Dublin, attorney at law; Patrick Byrne, of the city of Dublin, printer and bookfeller ; John Young, of Bclfall, in the county of Antrim, inn-keeper; William Houdon, of the city of Dublin, dentid ; John Keenan, of Lifburn, in the county of Antrim, taylor; Thomas Ruflell, of Bclfad, in the county^ of Antrim, efquire; Francis Meagher, of the damp-office, in the city of Dublin, gentleman ; John Greene, of the city of Dublin, pipe-maker ; prifoners confined in bis Ma-jedy’s gaol at ewgate ; John Lynch, of the city of Dublin, mei chant; Patrick Divine, 01 Baltymun, in the county of Dubli>>, farmer; Ifrael Millikin, of Bclfad, in the county of Antrim, muflin manufacturer; Daniel Toland, of Bel-fad, aforefaid, nuiflin fpinne;; Thomas Addis Emmett, of the city of Dublin, efquirc, barriftcr at law ; William James M'Neven, of the city of Dublin, doftor of phytic ; Henry Jackfon, of the city of Dublin, irou-fuunder ; John Sweet-man, of the city of Lublin, brewer; George Cumming, of the town of Kildare, in the county of Kildare, apothecary ; Edward Hudfon, junior, of the city of Dubliu, dentitt; Thomas Reynolds, of Culmullen, in the county of > eath, farmer; the reverend James M. Bufhc, of the city of Dublin, popifh pried ; Richard Dillon, of the city of Dublin, linen merchant; Chridophcr Martin, of ColeTtown, in the county of Meath, farmer ; Peter . Bannen, of Rathmines, in the Queen's county, farmer; Hamden Evans, of Mount Evans, in/the county of Dublin, efquire; James Rofe, of Windy Harbour, in the county of Dublin, calico printer; Thomas Dry, of the city of Dublin, clothier; Robert Neilion, of Bclfad, in the county of Antrim, painter; John Harrifon, of Bclfad, in the faid county of Antrim,

nailor;

The thirty-eighth Tear sf George III.

nailar; Alexander A ftlty, of Belfaft, aforefaid,/publican; John Kennedy, of Belfaft, aforefaid, cutler; Peter Ivers, of the town of Carlow, in the county of Carlow, carpet-mat-maker ; Lawrence Kelly, of Mountmcllick, in the Qucen’s-county, farmer t James Haffty, of Belfaft, in the county of Antrim, taylor; Jofeph Cuthbert, of Belfaft, in the county of Antrim, aforefaid, taylor; Henry Speers, of Belfaft, aforefaid, woollen-draper; Robert Redfem, of Belfaft, aforefaid, fadler; prifoners confined in his Majefty’s

faol of Kilmainhamt Arthur O’Connor, of the city of )ublin, aforefaid, efquire, barrifter at law; John Comyn, of Leighlin-bridge, in the county of Carlow, apothecary; Richard O’Reilly, of Newtown Mount Kennedy, in the county of Wicklow, miller; John Swiny, of the city of Cork, woollen-draper; ! awre nee Griffin, of Tuilow, in the county of Carlow, (hop-keeper ; Michael Flood, of New-hall, in the county Kildare, miller ; Michael Doyle, of Kilcullen, in the county of Kildare, vi&ualler; William Sampfon, of the city of Dublin, efquire, barrifter at law ; William Aylmer, of Paioftown, in the county of Kildare, efquire ; Edward Fkzgerald, of Newpark, in the county of Wexford, efquire ; Garret Byrne, of Ballymanus, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; Edward Boyle, of the city of Dublin, wine-cooper ; Hugh Ware, of Rathcoffey, in the county of Kildare, furveyor; Jofeph Cormick, of the city of Dublin, goldfmith ; George Lube’, of Corkcranftown, in the county of Kildare, grazier; James Tiernan, of ( lane, in the county of Kildare, grocer* Andrew Farrell, of Downings, in the county of Kildare, farmer; Denis Farrell, of the fame place, farmer; Bryan Me. Dermott, of Hodgeftown, in the county of Kildare, fanner; Michael .Quigly, of Rathcoffey, in the county of Kildare, bricklayer; Jolin Reilly, of Kilcock, in the county of Kildare, (hoe-maker ; Patrick Hanlon, of Balynagapoge, in the county of Kildare, farmer ; Richard Daly, of Sallins, in the county of Kildare, innkeeper; Peter Corcoran, of Landanftown, in the county of Kildare, gardener; Patrick Mowney, of Downings, in the county of Kildare, farmer; Thomas Artdoe, of Brackenftown, in the county of Kildare, farmer ; James Smyth, of Leixlip, in the county of Kildare, callico printer; Patrick Lynch, of Lucan, in the county of Dublin, carpenter ; Patrick Macan, of the city of Dublin, apothecary ; William Putnam Me. Cabe, of Belfaft, ia the county of Antrim, watch-maker; Morgan Kavanagh, efquire ; Hugh Wilfon, late a cierk in the bank of Meflieurs Finlay, in the city of Dublin ; John Kinlelagh, of the city of Dublin, army accoutreinent-maker; Patrick Byrne, late fteward of Wpgaa Browae, of the county of Kildare, efquire ;

«33 A. D.

1798-Chap. 78.

6# .	The	thirty-eighth	Tear of Gc#rge III.

A* P*	tnhrc ; {John Chamber*, of the city of Dublin, printer ;

1798.	James Ueraghty, of the city of Dublin, geotlemaa 5 wiio

jphap. 78. are now in attual cuftody, and (land charged with high trca-fon, have confefled themfelves to have been guilty of tlie fame, in having taken up arms, and levied war againft his Majefty; or in having wickedly and traitoroufly corrcfponcb ed with, and adhered to his enemies ; or in fomenting, prc»-looting, and otherwife a&ing in the faid rebellion ; and hare tnoft humbly befought his Majefty, in his royal wifdom and clemency, gracioufly to order all further profecution of them, for fuch their treafons, to flop and funceafe, on con-dition of their tranfportation, banifhment, or exile, refpec-tively, from his Mgjcfty’s dominions, to fuch foreign country, not being at war with his Majefty, as to his royal wifdom (hall feem meet: And whereas his Majefty may, of his great clemency, be pleafed to comply with fuch their humble fuit, and it is neceflary effe&ually to guard agamft any violation of fuch conditions as his Majefty may annex to any pardon which he may be pleafed to grant to the faid peifons, or to any of them, or to any other perfon or jperfons who now are, or hereafter may be in the like predicament; be perfomnhA vio- it therefore enabled. That if any of the perfons aforefaid, late the condi- or any other perfon or perfons, to whom his Majefty fhall ^letunl^lbu’ be £rac*oufly P^fed to grant his moil gracious pardon for Majefty*» domi- t^lc treafons, or any of them, before their trial and con-stons, 6ec deem- vision, refpe&ively, fhall at any time violate the conditions ed traitor*, fire, of fuch pardon, or any of them ; or being tranfported, ba-nifhrd, or exiled, as aforefaid, fhall * return, or come into, or be at large in any part of his Mijefty’s dominions, or fhall be found on board any (hip* veflel, or boat, with intent to land in any of his Maiefty’s dominions, or fhall violate any of the conditions of their refpe&ive pardons ; or fhall voluntarily, during the continuance of the prefent war,

?n into or remain in any part of France, Spain, or of the Jnited Provinces, or any country or place in Europe, or elfewhere, which is or fhall be under the government of the perfons excrcifing, or who fhall exercife the powers of government in France, or of the king of Spain, or of the per-v	fons cxercifmg, or who fhall exercife the powers of govern-

ment in the United Provinces, or any country occupied by the armies of France or Spain, or of the United Provinces, be, fhe, or they fo offenning, refpe£*ively, being lawfully convi&ed, fhall be deemed traitors, attainted of nigh treason, and fhall incur all the pains and penalties to which they would have been rtfpe&ivcly fubiett, if they had been refpeclivcly convi&ed and attainted oi high trealon by due courfe of law.

II. And

Tie ihurty-eiglth Tear tf George III.

II. And be it enafted, by the authority afore&id, That in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever, fhall knowingly aid ot afliil any fuch perfon or perfons fo pardoned, or to be pardoned, on the condition ot tranfportation, banifhment, or exile, as aforefaid, in his, her, or their voluntary and

Prrron>

unlawful returning or coming into any part of his Majefty’s in vi^la-dominions, or being on board &ny fhip, veflel, or boat, with	futo

intent to come into the fame, or in voluntarily going into or death, 5cc. continuing in any of the countries and places herein before fpecihed, during the prefent war, fuch perfun or perfons, fo offending, fhall be guilty of felony, and (hall on conviction^ refpeftively, fuffer death, and forfeit at in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if any of his Ma- . PerfbnshokU jcfly’s fubjefts of this kingdom, or any other perfon refident big conyfpond-or being within the fame, fhall, direftly or indire&lys hold t^nfpLud Jhr any communication or correfpondence, by writing or other-

wife, with any perfon who fhall be fo tranfported, exiled, or banilhed, in purfuance of the conditions of fuch pardon, refpeftively, during the time of his or her exile or bamfh-ment, without licenfe for that purpofe firlt had and obtained from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or from one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate in Great Britain, then, and in every inch cafe, every fuch perfon, fo offending, fhall be guilty of felony, and on conviftion thereof, -fhaU be tranfported for the term of his or her life.

IV.	And be it enafted, That as to all perfons who fhall Identity of be fo pardoned, as aforefaid, it fnall be fufficient upon any P^0?* &c* trial of them, refpeftively, for any .offence againft the pro-

vifions of this aft, to prove the identity of fuch perfon or tjOD 0f cmli* perfons, and that they have been refpeftively at large in fome tions. part of his Majeity’s dominions, or have been found on board any fhip, veflel, or boat, with intent to land in any qf\ his Majefty’s dominions, or have broken or violated any of the conditions exprefled in their pardons refpeftively, together with the charter of pardon granted to fuch perfons refpeftively, on the enrollment thereof.

V.	And whereas during the faid rebellion, feveral perfons who had been in arms againll his Majefty, or had othenvite afted in the faid rebellion, being made prisoners by his Majefty’s forces, have by the orders of the general officers commanding his Majefty’s forces employed for the fupprefliQn of the lame, been brought to trial according to the lawstjf war, fome of whom have, on circumftances of alleviation or compaflion, been faved from the punifhment due to their crimes, and ordered to be tranfported or ba-niffied from this kingdom: And whereas it is effential to the

public

Digitized by L^ooQie

Perfons trunf-ported or ba ityihed, returning before limited time, without licenfe, tranfported fof life.

636	TZr thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

public fafety and welfare to carry into effe& fuch orders, an4 to provide againft the return of fuch perfons into this kingdom ; be it therefore ena^ed, That the faid fcveial perfonj (hall be tranfported or bamfhed accordingly, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if they had received judgment to be tranfported by 4U£ coutfe of lawj and that if any perfon or perfons who have been fo tranfi ported, or banifhed, or ordered for tranfportation, or ba-nifhment from this kingdom, at any time fmee the twenty-fourth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, for having taken up arms againft his Majefty, or having othciwife a&ed in the faid rebellion, (hall return to# or be at large in this kingdom, within the time limited for Jiis or her tranfportation, banifhment, or exile, unlefs by * licenfe for that purpofe firit had and obtained from his Ma* jefty, his heirs or iucceffors, every perfon fo returning, or being at large, fli'^11 be deemed a felon, and (hall on coDviq, tion, be tranfpoitcd for his life.

General offi* VI. And be it ena&ed, That all general officers who oer* to give in have commanded his Majetyy’s forces for fuppre*f%tg the lift* wherein. faid rebellion, (hall, within two months from the day of palling this a&, give in and fign a lift of the perfons who have been fo tranfported or banifhed, or ordered to be tranfported or banifhed, by them, refpe&ively, fetting forth the name and defeription of each perfon, and the term for which they have been fo tranfported or banifhed, refj>elively, fince the faid twenty-fourth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, toihe clerk of the crown of his Ma-jefty’s court of King’s Bench, together with the attefla-tion, on oath, pf the perfon who may have acted irt thech^-ra&er of judge advocate, or prefident of the tribunal by whom the faid perfons were tried and ordered to be*fo dealt with 5 and fuch lift lhall be filed in the office of the faid clerk of the crown, at the city of Dublin : And upon the trial of any perfon for returning into this kingdom, or being at large within the fame, without licenfe, as aforefaid, fuch lift fo filed as aforefaid, or a copy of the fame duly proved, (hall be admitted as evidence of his or her having been fo tranfported pr banifhed, as aforefaid.

How and	VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforc-

where offences faid, That all offences conftitute4 treafon or felony by this may be tried. a6t, (hall and may 'enquired of, examined, tried, and determined in his Majefty?s* court of King’s Bench, by a jury of the county, or county of tftc city of Dublin, or any other court of competent jurifdi&ion, fn any county, or county of a city, or county of a town in this kingdom, in fuch manner and form as if the offence fo conftituted treafon or felony had been therein committed.

C II A P*

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.	637

. T>.

1798.

CHAP. LXXIX.

Jin A8 to authorize the i/futng of Treafury Bills to the Amount therein mentioned, to the Company of tlic Grand Canada to-carry on the Navigation to the Shannon, and to authorize the tffuing of Debentures to the Amount therein mentioned, to enable the Company of the Royal Canal to proceed in carrying on the faid Canal.

TOWARDS enabling the company of undertakers of the grand canal, to complete the faid canal from Dublin to the river Shannon, be it enacted by the King's moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That treafury bills to the amount of tjje fum of thirty thoufand pounds, bearing an intereft from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- to*grand eight, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, to canaj company, -be paid half yearly, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exche- for completing quer, (hall be ifTued by the proper officers of his Majeftv’s to Shannon, treafury, in like manner as treafury bills have been hereto- . fore ifTued ; and that fuch treafury bills (hall be given to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, towards enabling them to complete the faid canal from the city of Dublin to the river Shannon ; and the faid treafury bills (hall be payable at the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred and fix.

TI And bd it ena&ed, That the faid fumof thirty thou- Said jo,oooL fand pounds, and the intereft thereof, fhall be a lien and and intereft, to charge on all the tolls and profits of the faid company of	0,1

undertakers of the grand canal; and that the faid company taD * c‘ fhall on or before the days of payment of each half-yearly gale of intereft, pay unto his iVl ajefty, his heirs and fuc-, cefTors, at the receipt of bis exchequer in this kingdom, a fum equal to the half yearly intereft of the faid fum; and fhall on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred and fix, pay unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, at the receipt of the faid exchequer, the faid fum of thirty thoufand pounds.

III. And be it enaffjed. That the treafurer of the grand Treasurer not canal fiiall not pay any uioney whatfoever received by him to make pay-on account of the faid company, for any purpofe other than ments .Jifabling to difefcarge the inteteft of fuch fums as have been hereto-	pay

fore

Tretfary bills

r 30*000!. at

Google

Utility of foyil cuial, and sccdEty for fup-porting it i

debentures for *5.oool u birein.

Doable the film demanded ikall be expend* ed, before debenture* arc ^ftlCdy &C.

No more than 5000L to be i&ued as herein.

Royal Canal company to enter into a recognisance for 5q,ojo1. conditioned as herein.

The tUrtj-eigM Tear 9/ George III

•

fore borrowed by the faid company, whereby he may be dil^ abled from paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, at the times herein before prescribed for that purpofe, the filtered of the faid fum of thirty thoufand pounds.

IV. And whereas the carrying on of the royal canal from Dublin, towards Tarmonbury, will be of great advantage to the agriculture and trade of this kingdom; and the ne-ceffities of the limes render it expedient to fupport and aifift the company of the faid canal, in carrying on a work of fach magnitude and benefit to the kingdom : be it ena&ed. That debentures to the amount of twenty-five thoufand pound*, and no more, bearing an intereil after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which (hall be paid half-yearly at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, until the principal money mentioned tlierein (hall be difeharged, (hall be iAued by the proper officers of his Majefty’s treafury, to the company of the royal canal, towards enabling them to proceed in completing the (aid canal from Kilcock to Coolnenay, fix miles beyond the town of Mullingar, in the county of Wcft-tfieath, and from the river Anna Liflfey to GlafTnevin road; and in creating an aquedud leading to the intended harbour near the houfe of induftry, and in building the walls of the faid harbour ; purfuant to their petitions to the houfe of commons, prefented in the laft and former fefiions, and in this felfipn, under the proYifocs and conditions herein after mentioned.

V.	Provfded always. That no fuch debenture (hall be iffued to the (aid company, unle(s they (hall have a&ually expended on the faid works, of money to be raifed or fub-feribed by them, a fum amounting to double the fum for which fuch debentures (hall be demanded, and that proof of fuch expenditure (hall be made before the commiffioDers dt impreft accounts.

VI.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this ad contained, (hall entitle the faiV company of the royal canal, to demand or require at his Majefty’s treafury* before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, debentures to any greater amount than the film of five thoufand pounds ; nor in the year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred, debentures to any greater amount than fix thoufand pounds, nor in any fubfequent year to any greater amount than fevm thoufand pounds.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid royal canal company (hall, as foon as convenient after palling chis ad, and before they (hail be entitled to receive any of the (aid debentures for the faid fum of twenty-five thoufimd pounds, enter into a recognizance before the lord chief baron, or

one

Digitized by

Google' .



I

7U tthiy-eigfob Ye*r if George III.

#oe of the barons of his Majedy's court of exchequer, In the penal fum of fifty thou (and pounds, conditioned, that they the faid company of undertakers (hall complete and finilh the faid navigation to Thoraaftown in the county of 'Wedmeath, thirty-three miles from the river LifFey, without requiring any further public aid for fo doing.

VIII. And whereas his Majedy's royal charter granted to the faid corporation, directs that no fubferiber to the ^®w onc *• laid undertaking, fhall be allowed to fubferibe more than the fum of five thoufand pounds to the (lock of the faid company: and whereas it hath been found neceflary to extend the faid powers to the fubferibers, to enable them to proceed in the faid undertaking ; therefore, be it enadted, proprietors to * That if by the fubfeription and payment of any further fum	tha>

of money for the purpofc aforefaid, by any proprietor of 5 dock in the faid company of the royal can'1 fuch proprietor (hall become entitled to a greater quantity of (lock than five thoufand pounds, every fuch proprietor (hall and may hold and enjoy fo much ' (lock exceeding five thoufand pounds, as (hall be equal to fuch fum or fums as he or (he lhall fubferibe and pay towards the further profecution of the works of the faid canal, any law, cudom, or u(age, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it enadted. That from the time the net pro- ^oool. fits arifing to the faid company of the royal canal, from the (hall be a lien on laid canal, (hall enable them to make a dividend thereout, royal cantL

to* the proprietors of the capital (lock of the faid company, at the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on their capital (lock, the faid fum of twenty-five thoufand pounds, (hall be a lien and charge on all the net tolls and profits of the faid company of the royal canal, which (hall from time to time remain, after relerving fufficicnt to make a dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the laid capital dock.

X.	And be it enadled, That from the time the faid net Rendue of profits arifing to the faid company of the royal canal, (hall profit*, after enable them to make fuch dividend, as aforefaid, the faid i°l,\Pcr cc‘\t*' company (hall, from time to time, as often as a dividend int0 the Ptrea-after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annumt (haU be fury, made, until the faid fum of twenty-five thoufand pounds,

or fuch part thereof, for which fuch debentures, as aforefaid, (hall be iflued, (hall be paid and difeharged, pay unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, at the receipt of his Majedy's exchequer in Ireland, all the net profits of the faid canal, after referving fuffident thereout to make fuch dividend as aforefaid.

XI.	And

Charter does

Digitized by ^.OOQLe

*4o	The	thirty-eighth	Teat	of	George	IIL

XL And be it ena&td, That the trrafwrer of tbe fa& company of the royal canal, (hall not pay any money whstl ever, out of the net profit! of the faid company, accrued within the period for tfhich any dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum on the capital flock, (half be made and remaining, after referring fuffident to make filch dividend, whereby he may be difabled from paying into the receipt of hit Majt fly's exchequer all the remainder of fuch net profits, yntil the fum of twenty-five thoufand (hall be fully paid.

XII.	And be it enafted, That this a & (hall be deemed a publick a&, and (hall be taken notice of as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fajne.

XIII.	And whereas the company of undertakers of tbe grand canal are bound by recognizance to complete their canal to the river Shannon, by the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nint y and it is reasonable from the circumilances of the times, to enlarge the time for executing the faid canal: be it enabled, That the time for completing the faid canal under the faid recognizance, be, and the fame is hereby enlarged to the firft day of November, one thoufand eight hundred and three.

CHAP. LXXX,

yin AS to compel certain Per Jons who have been engaged in the late Rebellion which bath broken out in this Kingdom, to fur render thcmfelvet, and abide their trials refpetftvely, within a limited V ime, on Pain of being attainted ef High Treafon.

WHEREAS the following Perfons hare been noto-rioufly engaged in the faid rebellion, either bv taking up arms and levying war againft his Majefty, or by having correlponded with, and adhered to his*enemies, or by otnerwife fomenting and promoting the fame or adnfg therein, and being confcious of their guilt have fled from juftice : that is to fay, James Napper Tandy, late of Dublin, merchant ; Edward John Lewins, of "Beresfiord-ftreet, p -	.	. Dublin, attorney at law; John Jackfon, late of Church-

named have ftreet, Dublin; Theobald Wolfe Tone, former’y of Dub-becn engaged lin, Barrifter at law;	Duckett,	formerly	of

in the rebellion ; Killarney, in the county of Kerry,, but now, or late refi-dent at Hamburgh, and attached to the miffion of the French republic there ; the reverend Arthur M‘Mahon, of

Hollywood,

Trenfurei not to pay any money out of net y fit* as herein tlcfii ib-td.

A publick

ad.

Time for corapieating grand canal to Shannon extended to id Nov. iSoj.

Digitized by

Google'

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III,	641

Hollywood, in the' county of Down 5 Alexander Lowry, A. D. of Lrinen Hall, in the county of Down, linen draper 5	179^-

Barclay Tecling, of Union-lodge, in tht county of Louth; Chap. 80. Edward O’Finn, of the city of Cork, woollen draper 5 jofeph Orr, of the city of Londonderry, brazier ; William Lawlefs of the city of Dublin, furgeon ; John Cormick, of Thoma^-flt ett,. Dublin, feather merchant; Richard NFCor-raick, of Francis-ftrect, Dublin; Miles Duigoan, of Grafton-A reet, in the city of Dublin, grocer; James Jackfon of Newtownards, in the xrounty of Down, apothecary ;

Thomas Dixon, of Wexford, ihip captain; Andrew Bry-fon, of Newtownards, county Down; reverend James Town fend, of Grey-abbey, county Down 5 reverend Mr.

Adair, latcreftdent at C^tticks,'near Cumber, county Down 5 reverend James Hill, formerly of Ballyvar-»on, near Bangor; Wilbam Campbell, alias M*Kctrver», of Upperland, m the county of Londonderry ; Thomas Gunning Balhford, junior, of Belfaft, merchaut; Robert Orr, of Belfaft, chandler; Thomas Houfton, of Belfaft, furgeon; Mathew Kcnna, of Burtown, in the barony of Kilkca and Moone, and county of Kikkre, farmer; Michael Reynolds, late of Tipper, near Naas, in the county of Kildare, gentleman; Valentine Derry, late a prifoner in the gaol of Dundalk 5 Deane Swift, late of the city of Dublin, cfquire; James Plunket, efqtiite, late a major in hie Majefty’s fervice; and the reverend Mathew Miles, late probationer of Moneymore, in the county of Derry 5 John M*Guire, of Ballydonojghuor, or Kilmullin, in the county of Wicklow ; John Scully, of Newcaftle, in the county of Wicklow, blackfmith ; Myles Short of Tomore, in the county of Wicklow, farmer; Owen Short, of Keelogue, in the county of Wicklow, farmer ; James Neale, of New. cattle in the county of Wicklow, farmer ; Michael Fitzpn -trick, of Kilguade, in the county of Wicklow, farmer 5 Bryan Keogn,- of Drummin, in the county of Wicklow, farmer 5 William Cullen, of the Slat, in the connty of Wicklow, farmer; Patrick Cooke, of Harntanflown, in the county of Dubliil; James Kelly, of Haggarf-towu, in the county of Lowth; Joleph or Jofhua Mouiitz, of Dundalk, in the county of l^outh ; John Ncrvin, of Kilmoyle, in the county of Antrim; Harvey Morris, of Knockalton, in the county of Tipperary ; Cornelius Egan, of Carneybeg, in the county of Tipperary ; William Buike, of Nenagh, in the county of Tipperary; James Burke, of Ballyartum, in the county of Tipperary.; John O’Brien, of Dougharrow, n the county of Tipperary;

Michael Delany, of Batlyaitum, in the county of Tipperary ; Samuel Turner, late of Newry, cfquire k Jo(epK Holt, late fub-conftable of Roundweod, ia the county of

VipVj XI.	b	t	Wijklww	j

Digitized by

Google

<>4*	Tie	thirty-eighth Tear of George TIL

A. D. Wicklow; and Anthony M‘Canri, of Gorderys in the 179^* county of Louth; Be it therefore cnafted that the (aid * James Napper Tandy, Edward John Lewins, John Jack-fon, Theobald Wolfe Tone,	Duckett,	Arthur

M*Mahon, Alexander Lo^ry, Barclay Teeling, Edward O’Finn, Jofeph Orr, William Lawlefs, John Cortnick, Richard M(Cormick, Miles Duignan, James Jack fan, Thomas DiMfc Andrew Bryfon, James Town fend,

.Adair, James Hull, William Campbell, alias M'Keevert, Thomas Gunning Bafhford, junior, Robert Orr, Thomas H on (Ion, Mathew Kenna< Michael Reynolds, Valentine Derry, Deane Swift, James Plunket,. Mathew Miles, John M‘Guire, John Scully, Myles Short, Owen Short, James Neale, Michael Fitzpatrick, Bryan Keogh, William Cul*

« cn, Pat rick Cooke, James Kelly, Jofeph or Jofhua Mon-ritz, John Ncrvin, Harvey Morris, Cornelius Egan, William Burke, James Burke, John O'Brien, Michael Delany, frV yrfrrs .Samuel Turner, Jofrfph Holt, and Anthony M’Cann, and ftiall ftsnd at* each and every of them, (hall (land attainted of high trea-

t^ntefomnder ^on< anc*	to	l^e	P*"18	ar|d penalties by law

before'xJlk/. #nncxcd to the crime of high treafon, unlcfsthey, and each rj^L	of them, (hall feverally and refpe&ively fun ender themfelves

to fotnc one of the judges of his Majefty's court of king's* bench, or to Come juft ice of the peace within this kingdom, on or befeic the firft day of December, one thouland feven hundred and ninety eight, and fliall refpedively abide fuch charges as (hall be made agaiuft them refpe&ively, for, and on account of the fevcral treafons aforefaid, with which they have been charged Tufticisto	M.	And be itena&ed. That every juftice of the peace

commit fuch	accePl t^lc furrendcr of fuch perfons refpc&ively,

perfons to next and (hall forthwith Commit the faid perfon or perfons, fo county paolr, furrendering, to the.next county gaol, and caufe notice to notice toattor ** 8lven	to his Majtfty'l attorney general for the

ncjr general. time being*

CHAP. LXXXIt*

An AQ for amending an 48 faffed in tbs Tbirtyffixtb Tear §f the Reign of H'u Majejtyy Entitled, An AQ more tjfte-h/ally to fupfrefs InfurrcQ'um, and prevent the Difiurhanu of the tmbiic Pence.

WHEREAS the provifiems made for the regrfteWng of arms in an aft pa (Ted in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his Majcfty, entitled# An d& more effcGmlly to

5

ii

Digitized by

Gc e

The iUrty^igith Tear tf George III.

fuppreft infurrtQ'umsy find prevent tht diflurbanee of the fiMjc feace* ana the fevered afts for continuing and amending toe fame* have been found irtfujjicient : be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and xronfent of the lords fpiritual 3ml temporal, and commons in this brefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Tliat every perfdn who (hall have ^rms in his or her jjofTcflion at the tira* of the paffing of this a&, or at any time before the feflioiTS of. the pfcace which (hall be he d in October next, for the county, town, or City, wherein he or fhe (hall refide, (hill, at fuch feffibng, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, in open court, to the juft ices th£n j>rcfent, a ndtificatipn figned by hioi or her; fpecifying therein the place, parifh, barony, or. town-1.nd, in which he or (he rcTides ; or, if n a county of A town or city, the parifh, town-land or ftreet in which he or*fhe keeps arms, fcnd the number and defeription of fuch arms, accompanied by an affidavit fworn before fome juiliCc of the peace for fuch county, town 6r city; bj the perfont figning fuch notification, that the notificati. n is true, and that be or fhe believes that by law he or fhe is entitled to keep arms, which hotification And affidavit (hall be read aloud in open court; land, if the juftices then prefent, or the majority of them, lhall confider the perfon delivering flich no ification by law entitled to keep arms, arid to be a fit and properpetfon to keep hrms, and fpeci.ying therein, if they (hall think fit,, the number and defeription of arms which fuch liceiife is to authorize him or her to keep, they (hall thereupon fign and deliver to fuch perfon a licenfet authorizing fuch perions to keep arm-; and (Hall deliver, fuch notification, fpecifying at the foot or back thereof, the number and defeription of arms, if the iame (hall be fpecificd in the licenfc, to the hding clerk of the peace, who is hereby required jo regiftcr tht fame in manner and form as by the laid recited a& he is directed.	r

11. And be it Further enadted, lliat it ftiall be lawful for the juftices of the peace, upon an application in writing, figned by any pcirfon, for a liceiife to keep arms', fpecifying in like manner his or her refidence* accompanied by au affidavit, fworn by the perfon figning the application, that he or (he believes he or Ihe by law is entitled to keep arms, to fign and deliver at any felfioris of the peace, Held for the coilnty, town, or city, in which fuch perfon refides, a licence, authorizing fuch perfon to keep amis, fpecifying therein; if they (hall ;hink fit, the number and defeription of arms which fuch liccnfc is to authorize him or her to keep; which application, with the number and.defeription Of arms indorfed thereof, if the hum /hall be fpecified ia

Ss 9	tbs

. Arms (hall ha regift’er^d at .

1urc» dirc&M-

fuftices at Scftom may grant Ik odes.

Perfons Who have arms re-fhdi jncir penalties *3 • &*

Jsfticts miy #sufe Damn itbctrafed.

Perfon* (Vrv-ed notices who do not deliver their arms, (hall he liable to forfeiture, fee.

Perfens not tffe&ed by this 4A.

Tn force to I ft Jsn. 1799,*nd end of text fof- -Son.

Blackfnmht to enter their Jiamei end lorpe^, and Obtain licenfe#.

'flu Abiy-etgM fear ef 6cofge tit.

lift licenfe, 8uB be delivered by them to the sftfag deck of the peaces who it required to regiftqr the feme in Eke manner as a notification, for which no fee or reward what-foever {hall be received br the clerk of the peace.

lit. And be it enafted, That any perfon or perfons wbfe (hall at any time after the fefCoas of the peace iq Oftobeir next, held for the county, town, or city, where he or (he Audi relide, have in hk or her cuftody, any arms that ha^ not been regiftered as aforefaid ; and (hall be thereof coo-vifted in manner and form as by the (aid recited aft is (pc-tified, (hall incur the penalties therein enafted againft anj perfon having arms, and not making fuch regiftry as * therein required.

IV.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful tor the jaftices of the puce, at any feifions, to withdraw any licenfe theretofore riven, and tocaufe the name of fuch perfon as they fo their diforttion (hall at fnch feifions deen tn improper perfon to he entrufted with arms, to be crafed out of the regiftry of arms, and caufe a notice to be ferved #n foch perfon, or to be poRed on the dwelling houfe, fpe-tified in the feid regiftry to be the refidcnce of fuch perfoa, figned by any one of the jo Rices of fuch feffion, and by the clerk of the peace, that foch licenfe is withdrawn.

V.	And be it enafted, That if any perfon on whom foch notice (hall be ferved, (hall not within forty-eight hours after fervice of fuch notice upon him or her, 01 at his or her dwelling-houfe, ns aforefaid, deliver to the next refident, br fome neighbouring mapftrate, at his place of abode, all ftkh arms as were fo regiftered, fuch perfon (hall be deemed to have in his or her cuftody arms that have not been rc-giftered, and (hall be fubjeA and liable to the foifeiture and pnnifhment enafted againft fuch offence.

VI.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall afleft any perfon ferving in his Majefty's regular or militia forces, or in any yeomanry corps, or any privy counfelldr, or member of parliament, or peace officer, in refpeft to any arms that they may have in their cuftody.

VII.	And be itenafted, That this aft (hall continue tn force until thefiHl day of January, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and to the end of the thfca next felfion of parliament, and no longer.

VIII.	And whereas it is neccflary to provide more effectually againft the making of pikes, and fuch like oiffenfive weapons j be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons whatfoever, after the twenty-fixth day ofOftober next, after the palling of this aft, (hall exercife the trade of a blackfmith, who (hall not Jure prerioufiy regiftered his name and the place where his

forge

Digitized by t^ooQle

Tli ttirty-agkh Tear tf George IIL

targe is fituated, it fame feffious of the peace for the diftrid in which fuch forge is ufcd, and (hall alfo have Stained a licenfe from the juftices stfaid feffions, authorif-ing him to ufe and follow the trade of a. bUckfinith, which laid regiftry and licenfe is to be made, kept and granted, in manner and form at the Ycgiftry of araw, 'and liceoTc far mfing arms herein before mentioned.

IX.	And be it further epa&ed, That it fh?]l and nat he lawful for the juftices of the peace, or the majority of them, at any feffions of the peace* to withdraw fuch licenfe from any blackfmith, if it (hall be fatisfadoiily proved to them that fuch blackfmith hath made, or knowingly fuffer*. td to be made, in bis forge, any pike, or pike-head, after he (hall have fo obtained a licenfe, and regiftered his forge as aforefaid ; and if any blackfmith (hall prefume to ufe amy forge without fuch regiftry thereof, and licenfe as afore* faid, he Stall for fuch offence and offences jncur and be lia* Me to tlie penalties herein before mentioned that per fans ufing, or having in their cuftody unregjftercd arms, arc by this ad fubjed to.

X.	And be it further enaded, That aff the penalties im this ad fpecified, (hall be raifed and tevied by fale of the goods of the perfon offending, by warrant, under the hand and feal of the juftices, or the majority of ihem, at any feffions of the peace, affemblcd, or by warrant under the hand and feal of any juliice of the peace, in and for the* county in which fuch offence (hall {*? committed 5 and the penalties fo to be levied, (hall be by fuch juftices or juftice handed over to the treafurer of the county in which fuch fums are levied, to be applied to fuch purpofes as thfc grand jury at any enfuing afli2es (h^Jl think proper to pr6-

A. B.

. *79^ *

Juftices at fe& font may wittt* draw EstofiNL flee.

Manner of raifiny, levying, •nddtfpofiag of penalties.

C H A pCXXIJI,

/fn Ad to explain and reduce into one Ad, the fevered Law for making, improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of DubTm to Kdcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile. Stone Wvjl-ovard of the faid Bridge, and for prolonging the duration of the AS for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further improvement of the Road from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork•

WHEREAS an ad of parliament, pafled in thetwen- Vcc* ta! 27 Jc ty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty King (George 1$ C. 3. r<-thc third, entitled, An ad for improving and repairing the

turnpike

Names of undertaken for repairing laid road, die.

The thorty^eighth Tear*af George III,

htmbite road hading from the city of Dublin to KilcuHat Bridge* in the county of. Kildare, and to toe twenty-one-mile Jlone wefi-ward of the pud bridge; and another" a&i paffed io the twenty-eighth yea of the faid reign, entitled. An all to explain and amend an a&% Pffjjjf in tbf twenty frventh year of the rtign of hit prefent Metjefiy, entitled, 'ti aS for improving and repairing the tump{ke road leading from the city of Dublin to KtlevUeniridgCy m the county of Kildare y and to the twenty-one-mile Jim wffiward of the faid bridge; and it i* expedient to repeal the (aid : Be ft thertrfbrcena&ed, by the Kind's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coniVnt of thelovdafpkitual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thnt the faid mnted a6t$, and every claufe therein, be, and the fame are, (lave only fo far aa relate* to the repealing of the teveral a&s repealed bjr the faid recited ads) hereby declaied to be repealed.

II. And whereas, though great improvements have been ijiade in the laid road, by widening the fame, irtider the faid recited a&s, yet it is now in a bad (late, and the tolls are inadequate to putting it into repair, and preferving it therein, and to making other improvements that would tend greatly to the convenience of the public, without the advance of a large fum of money: And whereas John Ander-u n, of the city of Cork, eic^uire, George Taylor, of the city of Dublin, cfquire, late captain in his Majeily’s late rigiment of foot, called the duke of Cumberland’s regiment, and Alexander Taylor, captain in the royal engineer, ere ready to advance them own proper money for the f;iid p urpofes, and to undertake the repair and improvement of the faid road, provided the tolls thvieof, as herein after fet foilh and granted, be veiled in them for a certaih term ; and they hive entered into an agreement for that purpofe, and boiufd themfelve8 in the penalty of twenty thoufand^x>rnds fori he performance thereof: I3e it therefore £nroed, by the authority aferdaid, That from and after-the palling of Lhis a £1, for and during the term of fifty years, fully to be couple g-cd and ended, and no longer, the whole right to tin* tolls h' rein after unpointed and granted, to be raifed and colic ft-cd cn the f:Jd road, fi. ill be, and the fame arc Kctcby vci cd in the Lid Joim Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexan .er Taylor, and the executors and uJminillrators of each i id every of them the Lid John Andetfon, George Taylor, I id jVIcxander Taylor, for the purpofc of repairing, improvi jr, and keeping in repaii the faid »'oad, fobjedl neverthelefs td the fevejal debts, charges, and conditions hc ein after m n-tioned : provided nevertlielcfs that it (hall be lawful for fe f faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Tay »r,

eVigr

C „ ?Ie

J

The thirty-eighth Tear if George 1IL

at any time they (hall think fit, upon giving twelve months ^rreviou§ notice thereof to the fccretary of the lord lii-ute-aaat, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and to the lccretaries* of the grand juriey of the counties of Dublin and Kildare, to furrender their rights and title to the faid tolls, and to be exonerated from the faid agreement aod penalty, and from all obligation arif-iag from this acl, provided they (hall have compleated and finiihed all the walls, widenings, and improvements ltereirt required to be made; and provided they (ball have paid off and dtfehargrd the whole of the debt, now bearing an in-tereft of fix per cent, per annum, and all intereft or rents, and all debts of every kind and defeription, to which the faid tolls are now, or (hall be thereafter liable, fave and except the principal fnm of nine thoufand pounds, beating an in-teieil at the rate of five per cent, per annum ; and (hall alfj deliver up the faid road, and every part thereof, and all the improvements made therein, in good and fufficient ord^r and repair. .

III.	And he it enatted, by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons hen in named be, and they are hereby conflitut-cd commiflioners for the faid roads, videlicet: John, earl of Clan *, Charles, marquis of Drogheda ; Jvihn, earl of Mayo ; Joftma, vifeount Allen ; Henry, vifeount Harberton ; Edmond Henry, baron Glcntworth; James, baron Tyrawly ; Arthur, lord Kilwarden, right honourable Sir John Parnell; right honourable William Brabazon Ponfonby: John La Touche, fenior, efquire; colonel John Wolfe; Richard Neville, efquire ; Thomas burgh, of Oldtown, efquire ; Robert La Touche, efquire; Theobald Wolfe, efquire ; John Jhinlay, efquire; Edward Hendrick, efquire; Robert Graydon, efquire ; John Wolfe, junior, of Eorenaghts, efquire ; Viajor Japrics Catlifle Chrifiuphilus Clinch, efquire ; John Montgomery; efquire : reverend do&or Marmadukc Cramer ; and Robert Graydon, of Grcen-hrlb, efquire.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That every commffiinner of the fitid road (hall pofiefs, and be competent to excrcife the office md duties of a juilice of the pe^ce upon every part of the faid road, fa far as relates to the due obfervance of this acf, and the enforcing the feveral p uts thereof.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any of the fommiihoners herein before named (hall die or refign, it (hall be lawful for the remaining cotnmiflioners, or for any five or more of them, on the^firli Tucfday in any month, to dlecEL a perfon to be commfiioner thereof in his place, and fo as often as a vacancy (hall happen by the death or refignalion of any pufi.ri fo cliofen.

VI.	And whereas the truftees appointed to carry into execution the former a£ts refpe&irg the faid road, which have

been

647

A. D.

>793.

Chap. 83.

Commifn oners appointed for laid roaiis.

Commiflioners n»ay as jufliccs, fo far as relates to this a 6t.

Appointment of commiifioners, & c.

Money borrowed ondeben* turcs as herein.

— --Google

$4$	TbelbirtpiTtar tf George III;

A. D*

• 79®* Chap. 8j-

How th* balance (ball be paid off.

to be drawn by lor, &c.

Numbers <3n«\vn nncler G. 3 (hall

be paid off.

#bttn repealed in the (aid recited afts, did borrow fererdb fums of money, amounting together to the fum of nine thou fa nd pounds* for the purposes diiefted by the faid a&s, for which debentures hare been iffued, bearing an inter eft at the rate of five pounds per centum per dnmtm: And whereas the direftors appointed in purfuancc of the faid recited *fts c f the twenty-feventh and twenty-eighth of his prefect Majefty, have borrowed, for the purpofes of the {aid ads, two farther fums of three thoufand pounds and two thou* (and pounds, making the film of five thoufand pounds, and bearing an inttreft at the rate of fix pounds per u*t. per

E, of which laft mentioned foms five hundred pounds g have been paid off and discharged, purfuint to the rcited ad of the twenty-eighth of the king, leaving S balance of the faid five thoufand pounds unlatisfied, amounting to four thoufand five hundred pounds; be it enafted. That the faid fum of nine thoufand pounds, and the (aid balance of four thoufand five hundred pounds, (hail be and remain a lien on, and the intereft thereqf, at the rates aforc-feid, be charged and chargeable on the whole of the tolls to be referved by tltis or any future ad relative to the faid road

VII.	And be it enaded, That from and after the palling of this ad, the fum of two hundred pounds, anting out of the faid tolls, (hall be applied every year by the faid John Andufon, George Taylor, and Alexander Tayloi, and the executors and adminiftrators of each and every of them, towards prying off the principal money of the (hid balances remaining undifeharged, amounting to four thoufand five hundred pounds, together with all favings made of the intereft payable upon the principal fums, and to be paid off until the faid piincfpal debt of four thoufand five hundred pounds ft.aU be entirely pi id.

VIII.	And be it enabled, by the authority aforefaid. That once in every year there (hall be a drawing by lot of the debentures iffued fertile fums remaining unpaid of the two bans compofing the balance thereof remaining undischarged, and amounting to four thoufand five hundred pounds, of fo many in number as amount to the fums in hand from time to time of the finking fund hereby intended to be created ; and that the debentures firft drawn fhall be fi‘ft paid, out of the money fo in hand anting from the laid finking rum*, which faid drawing (hall be made in the pre* bnce of three at leaft of the commilfioners appointed nndcr this aft.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no drawing fhall be made under this aft mitill all the numbers drawn under the provifions of the (kid recited aft patted in the. twenty-eighth year of his prefect Majefty Hiatt have been

firft

Tlittirty^M Ttdr cf Georg* IIL

Aril paid off and difcharged, being in number thirty-fix,	A. IX

twenty-fix whereof are now unpaid.	1798.

X.	And be it ena&cd. That the laid twenty-fix numbers Chap. 83. Ihall be paid off by the laid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, in order, in order, and at the times	Timet at

following, that is to lay, numbers feven and feven teen of the ^hieb a6num-loan of one thoufand ieven hundred and eighty-feven, and 0g numbers one and forty of the loan of one thouland feven **ai hundred and eighty-eight, to be paid off on December the	'

twenty-fifth, one thouland feven hundred and ninety-eight; numbers nineteen, twenty-two, and thirty-four, of the loan of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and number thirty-fix of the loan of one thouland feven hundred and eighty-eight, to be paid off on the twenty-fifth of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; numbers twenty-eight, thirty-two, and fifty-three, of the loan of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and number two of the loan of one thouland feven hundred and eighty-eight, to be paid off on the twenty-fifth of December, one thoufand eight hundred y numbers twenty-one and thirty of the loan of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and num» bers three, ttventy-tnree, and twenty-feven, of the loan of one thoufand feven hundred and eigbty-feven, to be paid off on December the twenty-fifth, one thoufand eight hundred and one 5 numbers fifteen, thirty-nine, forty-five, and fifty-feven, of the loan of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and number twenty-five of the loan of one thouland feven hundred and eighty-ei^ht, to be paid off on December the twenty-fifth, one thoufand eight hundred and two ; numbers fix, thirty-three, forty-one, and fifty-fix, of the loan of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, to be paid off on the twenty-fifth of December, one thoufand eight hundred and tb.ee, together with all filtered now due, or which Ihall become doe, on each and every of them rcfpe&ively, until the day on which they (hall be paid off and difcharged.

XL And be it ena&ed, by the authority aforefaid, That Pnnc'pal avl the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander mdur. Taylor, and the executors or admini(Irators of each aud Pai * every of them, Ihall, when, and as often as the principal films fo to be paid (hall become due and payable, then immediately difeharge the fame, with all filtered due thereon, on demand made \ and that the holder of fnch debenture Ihall, upon payment thereof aa aforefind, deh’v-r up his or their fcveral and rcfpe£tivc debentures to the fa.'d John An-derfon, George Taylor, ar»d Alexander Y .-».)■ lor, and the executors and adminidrators of each and every of them, to be r-ncelled, which they ore hereby required to cancel accordirg-y.

XII.	And

Google

Barga'n^ by

paid at herein.

Tit thhrty-cqbtb Y*ar of George III*

XU. And be it ena&ed, by the authority aForefeid*

That all bargains for land made by the faid directors under

the faid recited a<£ts, for the widening or improving of the

faid road, be, and the fame are hereby confirmed, and atf

rents referved theicon, which (hall hereafter become due and

farmer • *.r or* parable for the (ame, (hall remain a charge on the faid hereby confirm- toys

Int-r-ft aad	XHF. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

rents now ,iue That all inte eft: which is nmv clue on the faid ium of thirterj thoufied five hundred pounds, and all rents now due to the iereral owners of land by the laid directors, fhaJI be paid off by the faid John A nderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or adminiftrators of each and every of them, on or before the firft day of November next, and that the intereft which fhail hereafter accrue on the fail fums, and all rents which (hall hereafter become due, (ball be paid at the faipe place or places in the city of Dublin, to be named from time to time by the faid John Amkrfon, George Taylor, av.d lexandcr Taylor, and the executors and adminiitrators of each and every of them, with the approbation of the commiflioners herein appointed, or any three of them, on or before the tenth day of May and if nth day of November next, after the fame fhail fell due in every year.

XIV.	And bt it cnafted, by the authority aforefaid^ That all other debts now due, or Which (hall become due by the directors of the faid road, for or on account of the fame, b fore the pafltng of this act, and which (hall remain unpaid, (hall be paid by the fa'd John Anderfon, George Taylor, ami Ahvander T?jW, and the executors or adminiftrators of ear .d evjry of them, on or before the tint day of /. p»:? i lie year one thotd.md feven .hundred and ninety-m.u* ; vided always, that the feveral fums fo due fhail be cliinv* the parties before the Crft day of January next, and (hall he cei tifiv d hv fome one of the faid directors to be juitly due, and it not fo claimed, oi if the faid debts (ball not be cer Y. d as aforefaid, cm or before the faid firft day of January, the laid dirc£>ors, and the laid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Tuylor, and the executors or admi-ailtrators of each artd every of them, (hail be entirely dif* clu.:grd from the payment of tl«e fame.

XV And be it enacted, That in cafe the faid principal fums together hereby requited to be paid on the daysherc’it before mentioned, or the fums made payable out of the fluking fund aforefaid, or the intereft which is, or (hall become due thereon, or ^ny other intereft made payable by virtue of this act, or any of the rents aforefaid, (hall not be paid on demand at the times and in the manner herein directed the ford chancellor, or lord keeper, or commiffioner^

0?

AH of her

«fc-btu i n laid pcid as herein.

If ft-ms are lord

chancellor

a I'on ;

* order for

*»>*=« *•

i

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III. -

•jf the great feal, may, upon a petition and hearing the parties in a luminary way, make fuch order for applying thie tolls for tke payment of the creditors, as to juflice (hall pertain.

XVI.	And be it enabled, That the fai£ road (hall confift Tw«# divifions pf two divifions, the one from the Circular-road near to the °f Jroad, tolls city of Dublin, to the gate now ere&cd at the town of Kill? is herein, in the.county of Kfjdare, and the other from thence to the fair-green at Old Kilcullen, in the faid bounty ; and that it /ball be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or adiqiniftrator* pf each and every of them, with the approbation of the commiflioners, or any three of them, under their hands and feals, to eflablilh or ercdl one or more pay^gatea upon and acrofs anv part or parts of the faid road; and they lhall have power to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe convenient to every fuch gate, and to demand and take iq each of the faid two divifions, by fuch perfon or pet Tons as they IhalJ authorife thereto, the following tolls at every fuch gate be- ' fore any bead or carnage herein after rcfpe&ively mentioned, lhall be permitted to pafs through the fame, that is to fay, for every horfe or other bead drawing anj ftage-coach, ftage-iandau, ftage-chariot, or chaife carrying paflengers paying for their palTage refpe&ively, the fum of one (hilling and one penny ; for every horfe or other bead drawing any other coach, landau, chariot, chaife, or any phaeton, cabriolet, jaunting-car, or chair, the fum of fix-pence-half-penny; for every horfe or other bead, drawing any dray, cart, car, timber, or other carnage,- not before charged, if the dreaks be fet on with counter-fuak flat-headed nails, bolts or fcrew% and be four inches in breadth acrofs the foie or bottom, one penny-halfpenny; if the dreaks are fet on in like manner, and arc left than four, but more than three inches broad, for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame, the fum of two-pence; if fet on in like manner, and under the breadth of three inches, until ’January the full, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the fum of threepence; ancj from and after the faid fiul of January', one thoufand feven hundred and nine, and Uutil July the fird, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the fum of fix-pence ; and from and after the faid fird of July, one thouland feven hundred and ninety-nine, until January the fird, one thoufand eight hundred, the fum of nine-pence ; and from and after the faid day, for the ; v . >r of fifty vears, the fum of one (hilling and one-pen ^ ; : id if the dreaks of any of the (aid ciray3, carts, ca t. timber, or other carriages, be fet on with higu-heao 1 naib, bolts, or Jjjrews, whatever may be the breadth of the wheels, to pay

•st

A. D.

Chap. 83.

Digitized by

Google



A. D.

* T98*

Cb?p. Sj.

ProviGorw of road a&, 35 G.

a* &c#

Cafe' in which toll* are not to he charged*

Army rr detachments go* ing on duty, mot to pay toils.

The thirty *igkib Tear of George lit.

tie fame tolls aa IT they vert under three inches; for every horfe, mare, or gelding, loaden or not leaden, the ftuh ct twopence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the lum of two (hillings and fix-pence by the fcore, and fir in proportion for any greater or letter number; for every drove of calves, (beep, goats, lambs or pigs* the fum of one (hitting and three-pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number.

XVII.	Be it further enafted, by the authority aforefaid, That the provifions of an aft of the thirty-fifth year of his pi-efent Majcfty, entitled. An aS for the prefervation of the public roads in this kingdom, andfor the encouragement of broad wheeled carriages, (hall not apply to this road ; and that the tolls authorized toy this aft, only, (hall be levied at the turnpike gates on this road, any daufe, matter, or thing, in any aft of parliament exifting to the contrary notwkb-danding.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted. That ns perfon or perfons (hall be charged with any of the tols aforefaid, who (h:*ll pafs through any of the paf-gates to be edablidied and created by this aft, for any bcaft or carriage that fhali carry any quantities of (tones, gravel, or other materials, for repairing any of the roads in the parifhes in which the fame doth lie ; nor (hall any perfon or perfons be chargeable with the faitl tolls or duties for any carts, cars, uaggonf> or other carriages, loaded with corn in ft raw only, nor for any ploughs, narrows, or other implements of hulbandry, within the feveral parifhes in which the gate erefted on the faid road through which fuch carriages, ploughs, or implements of hulbandry (hall pafs may be fitu-ated 5 nor (hall any toll be demanded or taken at any of the pay-gates to be cftablilhed and created by this aft, for any hoife, mare, gelding, nfs, mule, or other beaft going to water only, or to a lmith’s forge to be (hod ; nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes or other cat-t’e of any curate going on parochial duty, or for horfes or other beads, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants, fent by pafles, or with prifoners tranf-mitted from one pait of the kingdom to another, or for any horfe or carriage employed in the drawing materials for public works carried on by county preferments, or parifh cefs, any thing herein contained to the edntrary notvritb-flanding.

XIX.	Be it further enafted, by the Authority aforefaid, That his Majefty’s army on a march, or any detachment or corps of cavalty or infantry, with their ordinary baggage and artillery, having a route, -or carrying orders of expreffes, (hall not be liable to pay any of the tolls aforefaid; but that

*n

Tli thtriyeighh Ytmr of George III.

wA carriages, horfes, or othersbeafts, employed in tran^perb* log ««y ordnance ftores, and cavalry hotfes going to join*

not mounted nor accoutred; all quarter-maftcr-general jtnd com miffary general’s dorea and provifions, with or without a guard ; and all officers and foldiers travelling at Individuals, and paffing through any of the gates on the laid road, (hall be liable to and (hall pay the tolls as afore** faid refpe&ivcly.

XX.	And be it further crafted, by the authority afore-laid. That it (hall he lawful for the faid John Andcrfon, George Tfcykir, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or adminiftrators of each and every of them, with the con-lent of the commiflioncn herein named, or any three of them, to croft a pay-gate, or pay-gates, acrofs any lane or tray leading out of the find road, and to build, hire, or rent, a toll-houfc for every fuch gate, and there to demand and receive fuch tolls as arc appointed by this aft to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every fuch jpte (hall be doemeda pay-gate within the intent and mean-ing of this aft.

XXI.	Provided nemtheleis, and be it cnafted. That all perions redding within any parifti wherein a fide gate (hall he erefted acrofs any lane or way leading into, or out of the laid turnpike road, or in any pari(h adjoining to the parifh wherein fuch gate (hall be erefted, (hall be entitled to pais free of toll through die fame, and (hall* not be charged or •hargeable with any toll whaifoevqr, for or by reafon of any bead or carriage whatsoever paffing through fuch gate, which head or carriage (hall belong to the perfon io redding, or which (hall be hired *or ufed by fuch perfon, or (hall be in •ny wife engaged or employed in the iervice of fuch peribn, provided fuch perfon fo redding as aforefaid, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to ths faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or for their u(e, in ana for any year to be computed from the fird day of January, the funs of five (hillings and five pence, if fuch peribn be the owner or keeper, or is liable to pay duty for any coach or other carriage with four wheels; and if luch peribn be not the owner of, or does not keep any fuch carriage, the fura of one (hilling and one penny; and upon payment of fuch fume, the faid perfons redding as aforefaid, and all carriages and beads their property, or employed a- aforefaid, (hall pafs toll free through any fuch gate until the fird day of January then next following.

XXII.	And be it'enafted by the authority a fore (aid, That ‘It (hall not be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, George

Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or admi-nidrators of each and every of them, to alter the fituation of I	*»y

Oates may be ereded acroft] lanes, dec.

Perfon* who refide where fide pates are ereded, not to be charged bat as herein di-redsd.

Gates not to be altered, fire, without confeor of commUfitn-

Tolls maybe collided at cates ereded by diredon war* rant.

Toll* to be paid only once a day, in Urac di-vi/Un.

Tolls may be levied by dif-treis.

T& Airly^igkti Tear of George lit.

dny of the gates, or fide ntas, or to ered nCw ones wirV out the content of the faid commiflioners, or any three of them ; but that it (hall be lawful tor any three of the. £ud eommiffioners, on the application of the laid John Andcr-fon, and the faid George Taflor, and the laid Alexander Taylor, or their Cx Cutori or adminiflraton, to alter the htuation aim any of the laid pay gates within each d vifitpn of the laid road, and acrofs any part of the prrfeot line of (aid road, or of the new lines of faid Wad* or upon and acrois any part of the fame, on on the fide of the laid prefent, or of the faid new lines of the laid road, acrofs any lane or way leading out of either of the ibid lines of road within fuai diftridfc, and to build, hire* or.rent, a ioll-hoiife for every fuch gate, and there to demand and. rtceive, by fuch perfoa or perfons as they fball authorize thereto, fuch tolls as a ns appointed by this a& to be .taken at any gate within fuch diftrul for the faid road* and that every fuch gate (hall be deemed * pay gate;

XXIII.	But be h ena&ed, That all gates, and fide gates, that have been appointed or ere&ed by the authority of the prtfent dire&ors of the (kid road, fkaJl be conhdered as pay gates, and that the faid Jbhri Andcrfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taflor* their executors or adminiftrators, and aU perfons duly authorized by them, may demand and take the fcveral tolls hereby granted at each and every of them, without any further warrant or authority from the faid eommiffioners, or any of them. .

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That no perfon (bsl be liable to pay any of the faid tolls aforefaid oftore than once in the fame day, within the lame, divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage* except as herein after excepted; but that every perfon having paid fuch toll once in any one diviik>D, may, during the remainder of the fame day, (every fuch day to be computed from twelve o'clock at jiight to twelve o’clock the fuccCeding night) pafs and repafs toll free through every pay gate in the fame divifion, with the fame Cattle and Carriage for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, And containing fuch Other matters as arc herein required refpe&ing the fame, which ticket every collc&or is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hUlibgs for every omiffion or refafal npon Conviction..

XXV.	And be it furthei ena&ed, That if ?my perfont (hall refufe to pay the toll payable by him or her* it (ball and may be lawful for the colleger thereof; or perfons a£-»ng as fuch, to levy the fame by didreft of the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carnage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this a& ixnpofed, or upon the goods, aqd

Chattels*

The thirty-eighth Tear of George tit.

battels of the peifbn or perfons who ought to pay the faipe, and fueh horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained tin til fuch toll (hall be paid, with the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs 5 and if the fame (hall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or* or perfon acting as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the ovei plus, if any, to the owner on demand, after payment of the faid toll, arid theiull experrees of the faid difl-efs, detinue, and fale.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon tor perfon? (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe, for forcibly beaft, or carriage, through any pay gate on the faid road, without paying the toll by this a<ft required, or producing

It proper ticket as aforefaid at fuch pay gate, or (hall knowingly or defignedly affault or obitrudl any of the collectors, or perfons employed in coftefting or receiving any of the faid tolls, or any otherwife in the execution of his or their employments of receiver or colle&or, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or perfons, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thereof, every perfon fo offending (hall, upon con vision, for every fuch offence, forfeit and p3y the ium of ten (hillings.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if the owner penalty as of any waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage, or herein, for tof any horfe, riding or being th* driver thereof, and travel- evading pay-ling on any part of the faid road, (hall drive or turn out of racnt to^** the fame into qny other road, in order to avoid paying toll,

and (hall afterwards proceed with fuch carriage or horte juto,

’ or on any part of the faid road, fuch perfon, being owner,

' (hall forfeit five pounds ; and if he be the driver, and not the owner, (hall forfeit fifty (hillings upon convi&ion for every fuch offence ; and it (hall be lawful for every collector, or perfon a&iilg as fuch, and all other perfons by him required to aflift in that refpe&, to feize any horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or* drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before ?ny juftice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into Inch offence ; and if.

Upon convi&ion before fuch jufticc, upon the oath of any credible witnefs, the party or parties complained of (hah - ot pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be It (hall be lawful for fuch juftic , and he is hereby req. ; d, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the ho:i,; or horfes, or other beaft, or beads, carriage, or caniages, or goods fo detained, to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penalties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the Came* and of fuch ftle, rendering the overplus (if any) upon

109. penalty

Dieted by CjQC

The thiriy-aghtlj 7w *f George (II.

on demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the ‘ per(on or perfont under whofe care, or in whole podefhon the fame refpe&ively was, or were, when £o feized as afore* faid; or if no fufficient didrefs (hall have been feized, to Commit fuch owner or or owners, or other perfon or per-font, to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main prize until fuch fine and penalties, tolls and charges ' (hall be paid.

Perfons con- XXVIIl. And be it further*oa&ed, That it (ball be dittrsin &V* kwftd for the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hah be authorized by them for any of the faid divilionj, or for any commifuoner, or any magidratc, condable, or fub-condabl:, to hop on any part of the faid road, any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage not being a coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, or the driver of any cattle which (Tull have pafled during the fame day, through any pay-gate on the faid road, to require the driver or perfon attending tlie fame, to produce the ticket which he or (lie fhall have received at fuch pay-gate, for the toll paid for the (ame ; and if fuch driver or perfon (hall neglecf or refufe to produce fuch ticket immediately on demand, or if fuch ticket when produced (hall not certify the whole toll, payable for the fame by virtue of tiiis a&, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to feize and diflrain the (aid horfe, or other bead and carriage, with all the goods and chattels thereon, and Inch horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage i.r carriages, or goods and chattels may be detained, u- tu the toll preferibed by this a& for the fame (hafi be paid, with the reasonable charges of fuch didrefs and detaining; and if the fame (hall not be paid within our days, it fhall be lawful for the perfon who (hall have it?z-cd to fell the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or driver on demand, after payment of the (aid toll, and the full expences of the (aid diftrefs, detaining, and fale.

ftolleAort, XXTX. And be it further cnr.£led, That every collector, •rc. miy detain or other perfon a&ing as fuch, (ball have power to detain at «n, &c. to any pay-gate, every car, cart, or other carriage whereon the Pa) a^c varies, according to the breadth o? the dreaks or qr w ten. (hoeing of the wheels, and to roeafure the fame ; and tlw faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Akxauier Taylor, or fuch perfon or perfons as they Anil authorize, and every infpc&or, commifiioncr. or magidra c, fund have the like power to dep and meafure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage, on any part of the faid roed; and if any driver or other perfon, (hall hindey or refufe to permit fuch colkclor, sr fuch other perfon, to mcafcre the wheel* of any

Digitized by

Google

408 penalty

The thirty-eighth Year of George III.

fuch carriage, he fhall, upon convidion, forfeit the fum of ffbrty /hillings.

XXX- And be it further cnaded by the authority/afbre-Hcid, That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever, owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate, eftabliihed or ereded m puifuancc of this ad,ihall, for g^in,	^

reward, or otherwife knowingly or willingly permit any per- trough gjoimd* fon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paffage, to avoid tolls, or way, with any horfe, beuft, cattle, or carriage liable to toll on palling through any ^ay-gate on the faid road, \6 avoid the payment ot the toll hereby appointed to be paid, fuch perfon (hall forfeit, upon conviction, the fum of forty {hillings for every fuch offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted. That every perfon Collectors appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on any of the fhall have full divifions of the faid road, by any perfon or perfons taking F°wtr** tlie fame by leafe, fhall have all and fingular the like powers and authorities, and be fubject to and under all and fingulaf the like regulations, penalties, and reffrictions as any collector appointed by the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, can or fhall have, of be fubjcct to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the faid John Anderfon, and the faid	*

George Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, and accounting to them for the fame.

XXX f I. And be it further enacted, That if any collec- 409 penalty tor or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid John ^ nc^lc^ oi Anderfon, and the faidTreorge Taylor, and the faid Alex-ander Taylor, or by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or contract, or any perfon acting as fuch, fhall permit any carnage, horfe or bead whatfoever* to pals through any pay-gate without payment of the toll payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or a proper certificate as before directed, being produced therewith, and fhall omit to feize fuch car, carriage, or bead, or fhall delay to proceed to hav* the penalties levied as the law direels for fuch offence, or (hall omit to detain any car, cart, ot other carriage, and prevent the pafiing through the gate after notice fhall be given to hiiYi, that the driver thereof ha3 obflruded the execution of this ad in any refped, every perfon fo offending, fhail upon convidion, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon Powers for appointed by the laid John Anderfon, (Jeorgc Taylor, and gravelling, Qtc, Alexander Taylor, or their leffee£ to make, gravel, repair, or fuperintend the faid road, or any part, of it, fhall have full power and authority to dig for, fcarck, raife, and

Vol. XI.	T	t	carry

65$

The thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

A. D. carry away any gravel, flonet, (and, (me, or other ntatiw 1798. Halt which may be wanted for the of the faid road, mad

Chap. 8$. to make drains, in order to carry off water from, or pre-V^v1^ J venting its injuring the (aid road on or through the lands of any pcifon, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, piloted lawn, or avenue to a manhon-houfe, mrobSery, or pleafurc ground, and to deanfe and fcour any watcr-couries through any grounds whatever, fo far as may be ncoeffary for the faid purpofe ; and that every fuch pmon To appoint-ed, (hall make fatisfa&ion to the owners or occupiers of the land, for the damage that may be done thereby, in like manner aod under the like regulations as is, arc, or fhall he cna&cd with refpeft to damages done by ovcrfccra appointed by the presentments of grand juries.

Grounds may XXXIV., And be it further enaded, That it (hall be be purchafcd for JaNfrfufc for the fjtid John Anderfon, and the faid George 1*01*°* lna" Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, and the executors ' ‘ and adminidrators of each and every of them to purchafe, t hire, or rent, all fuch grounds as may be neceffary for ratf-ing gravel or dunes fpr the ufe of any part of the laid road, or for depofitmg materials for repairing the (ame, or laying by the ferapings and cleanfing thereof.

A memorial XXXV. And to avoid the expence and inconvenience of fcparate lcafes of each piece of ground which they may take cm evidence?” at a	rcnt>	^or	anX	^ic	purpofes	of this a& ; be it

therefote enafted, That where the faid John Anderfon, and the f;\id George Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, fhall take any grottrid by agreement, at a yearly rent v for any of the faid purpofe*, a memorial of fuch agreement, horned by the faid John Anderfon, or the faid George Taylor, or the faid Alexander Taylor, entered in the mtn* n<T as by law memorials of deeds are to be entered in the regiftry office at the cattle of Dublin, (hall be fufHcieot evi-deuce of inch agreement to all intents and pnrpofes, end that as many agreements as the faid John Anderfon, the the faid George Taylor, and the faid Alexander Tayjor, and their executors and adminiflrators (hall think proper, (h<:ll be contained in o:;e fuch memorial.

Vfr^ofa XXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes jury u cicut. ^xlcrc ^]ic Tents to l>e paid for any ground for any of the pnnrofes nfortfiid, (hall be .nfeertpined by a jury, the record of the verdicl of fuch jury (hall be fufHcient evidence as alorefnid, without any demile being actually executed pur*, fuant thereto.

Stsjrt cfiach- XXXVII. And be ir* further dialed by the authority e», ^c (Va Inay aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this ad, and $v extra for * during the continuance of the fame, it (hall be lawful for the each horfe.	kid

Digitize

Googl

Tacrrafej

I

The thirly-eightl Tedt of GebtgC fll,

659

faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Tay* A. D-

lor, to demand and take by fuch perfon or perfons as they 1798-

fhall authorize thereto, at fuch and eVery pay-gat* Chap. 83*

aforefaid, for every (lage-coach or other (carnage plying for

fiire, or conveying perfons for hire, which (hall cohvey at

any one time upon any part of the faid road more than fix

perfons within fide, or more than three perfons befides the

driver'and guard upon the outfide of any fuch coach or

other carriage, five (hillings for every horfe ot other bead

drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein before di-

re£ted Xo be paid, every time fueh coach or other carriage

fhall pafs through any of the faid gates : Provided always.

That fuch additional toll (hall not be deemed to extend to waggons, dr other Carriages with broad wheels herein be-* fore mentioned:

XXXVlII. And in order to the improvement of the Road to be faid road, be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the widened to 60 faid road (hall Be widened by the faid John Andeifon, ^^rcin (S-eorgC Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or the executors Rod adminiftrators of each and every of them, to the breadth bf fixty fdet frorti the circular-road, next to the city of Dublin, to the ptade now palled the Red-Cow gate*, fare •* only between the twb points where the new road intended to be niadc through the lands adjacent to the Red-lion and Blue-bell inns, orhoufes, (hall join the prefent road* and to the breadth of fifty feet from the faid Red-cow gate to the interfedlioh of the Limerick road, in the town of Naas, and t<5 the breadth of tarty feet from the faid( lad mentioned place to Kllcullen-bridge, and to the twenty-^ne mile Hone weftward of the faid bridge* and that every bridge on the laid rOad not now widened to the breadth of tbc road where fuch bridge is fittlatc, (favc and except Kilcullen-bridge)

(hall be widened to the full improved breadth of the faid road where fuch bridge (lands* fo that the battlements thereof it range with the fences of the faid road.

XXXIX. Arid for the fupport of the faid road* arid for gtonfw) the faftty of travellers 5 be it enabled by the authority t6bebui:t. afdrefaid* That the faid John Anderfon* and the faid George Taylor* and the faid Alexander Taylor, and the executors or admin ill ratars of each and every of them, (ha)l build, or caiife to be built fupporting walls of done and mdrtar at the following plates, that is to fay, in the river at PortJeftei, at the mill bridges, at Boherphiiip, at Kil-warderi, Tbonevoe, and at the quarry holes, and other holes on the fides of the faid road, where the fame (hall be tieceflary for the fupport of the faid road, or fafety and defence of pafTengen, all filch walls having fufficieot battle-

Tt*

XDCCti

\

Digitiz

A bridge 5® feet wide, to be built at

ford.

/

Additional pay-gare between Black-church and Dublin.

Ai herein.

Toll* at additional gate to be accounted for.

The thirty-eighth Tear of George IIL

meat! eroded above the level of the (aid road, for the par.

pofes aferefaid.

XL. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afar*, (aid, That the faid John Anderfon, and the (aid George ‘‘Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylcr, and the executors or adminiflrators of each and every of them, (hall build, or canfe to be built a new bridge, with fuflicicnt battlements above the level of faid bridge, at the ford of John flown, not lefs than fifty feet in breadth, and (hall alfo complete tbe bridge at the eafl end of the town of Naas, fo as that the fouthem battlements thereof (hall range in a line from the corner of the houfe now inhabited by	Caithy,	to

the door of the houfe known by the name of Fannin VmOl, ^nd alfo to ftraighten the road behind the houfe oppofite to the road at Killifhee, called the Blue bell, -and alfo to ftraighten the road through tbe lands of Black-church, KH-warden, and Black-hill, and alfo repair and widen, or caufe to be repaired and widened the turn of Tipper-road, at the call end of the totvn of Naas, in the manner laid out by the prefent dire&ora.

XLI. And the better to enable the (aid John Anderfon, and the faid George Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, to cany on and complete the faid works ; be it enacted. That it (hall be lawful for them, the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executor® or aarniniflrators of each and every of them, they being thereto previoufly authorized by the faid commillioners, or any three of them, under their bands and feals, to ered an additional pay-gate on any part of the faid road that the faid commiiTi oners (hall appoint, in manner aforefaid, between Black-church bridge and the city of Dublin, and to demand and take at fych additional gate the fame tolls that they are hereby authorized to take in any civiftun of the faid road ; and no perfon paying any toll thereat, (hall be entitled to pafc free of toll with any carriage or beaft bf this &6t made liable to toll, for or on account of his having paid at fuch additional gate.

XLI1. Provided always, That fuch additional pay-gate (hall not be continued for more than Gve years, or until the fum of thirteen hundred and eighty pounds (hall be raifed thereat.

XLIII. And be it enabled, That the faid John Anderfon, George Taylnr, and Alexander Taylor, the executor! and adminiflrators of each and every of them, (hall account for the tolls codeded, or to be colle&ed at fuch gate before the commiffioners of iropreft accounts, and fo foon as the laid fum of thirteen hundred and eighty pound! (haD have

*

Digitized by

Google

The thhrty-etgltb Tear of George III.

beta fo railed, the (aid gate (hall be di(continued as an ad-fHtional pay-gate on the (aid road.

XJL1V. And be it ena&ed, That the (aid John Ander-Con, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and adminiftrators of eadh-aud every of them, (hall complete all the works before mentioned, as to widening aod Heightening the faid road, and as to building walls ahd bridges, within two years from the* firft ere&ing of the faid additional gate, the new road through the lands adjacent to the Red-lion and Blue-bell inns, or houfes, only excepted.

XLV. And in order to enable the faid John Anderfon, (George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and adminiftrators of each and every of them, to widen fuch parts of the faid road as have not been widened, and run the fame in a more ftraight and dire& line, wherever it may be neceflary; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (ball and may be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and adminiftrators of each and every of them, to take by leafe or purchafe from any perfoq pr perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fb much of the ground contiguous to the faid road, as may be necelfary to widen the fame, and to make fences and ditches thereto, and alfo to take by leafe or purchase fuch ground as may be neceflary for altering or turning fuch other parts of the faid road as may require to be altered, at fuch yearly rent, or other price as they can agree for, which rent pr price (hall be charged and payable out of the faid. tons.

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That it (haU and may be lawful for all bod es politick and corporate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, adminiftrators, truftees, and guardians, not only on behalf of themfdvcs, but aifo bn behalf of cejlui-que trufts, infonts, or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ftudents, feme uvertsi or other perfons, and for all feme co~ *oerts feized in their own right, and for all perfons having an cftate.for life only, and for all and every perfons who are, or (hall be feized, pofefled of, or interfiled in any ground which (hall be necelfary for the purpofes aforefoid, to fell and convey for ever, or to demife the fame to the laid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and the adminiftrators of each and every of them for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or during their rcfpe&ive iutercfl, for fuch fums, or at fuch yearly rent as may be agreed on, and if any fuch bodies politick and corporate, corporations, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, or other perfons, (hall refufc to convey, or de-\ •	mife

Chi

A. D.

1798. Chap. 83.

Works to be completed , within 2 years.

Said perfons, pay yearly rent out of toils.

All bodies and perfons may convey lands.

Digitized by Google

66a

TVrf* ns in-terfcfted may haw challenges againfl jurymen.

71# tberfy^bih fmrof George I If.

mlfe the fame* «i» manner aforefaid* at fuch rent at fliaS J>e offered by the {aid John Andcrfbn* Georoe Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or (hall not produce a dear right to de-mife the fame, to the fatisfa&ion of the laid John Aader fon* George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or by rcafoc of abfence (hall be prerented from treating or agreeing with the faid JohB Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, it flimll be lawful for th? commifDoners herein appointed, or any three of them, and they are hereby required to bare the value or the yearly rent thereof, as the cafe may be, en-tfnired into'* and afeertained upon the oaths of twelve indifferent men of the county, wherein the fame is Gtuate, in' manner herein mentioned, that is to {ay, they fhajl caufc a notice to be ferved at the houfe of the owner of the inheritance of the faid ground, if rdident in' Ireland, or of Bit guardian, if an infant, and of the tenant or perfon in the poffeflion or occupation of any fuch land or tenement, fct-ting forth the length ancKb^adCB'of the ground in his or her occupation* intended to be taken for the purpofes of this aft, and that they will on a day to be mentioned id fuch notice, not lefs than thirty da*s diflant, proceed to have the price or rent to be payable by them for the fame enquired into, and afeertained by the oaths of twelve mdiffereut men, naming the place where fuch enquiry is to be* made, and the faid commifJioners, or any three of thefcn, are hereby empowered to iffiie their warrant to thd fheriff of the county where fuch ground* land, or tenement /hall lie, requiring him to fummon thirty-fix indifferent men of the county to appear before them, at fuch time and pjace as {hall be mti* tioncd in fuch *warrant,‘fof the purpofe of afeertaining am) valuing the rent thereof purfuanf to this aft 5 and the laid {heriff is hereby teqiqred to fummon and return fuch thirty^ fix perfonr;, and out of them, or 6ut of fuch of them as lhal) appear, the faid commiflioners fhaH caufe twelve to be fworn f^r the purpofes aforefaid, and for default of a fufficieat Dumber appearing, the faid fheriff fhall return fo many of the ftander -rby as. fhall be necefiary to make up the number of twelve, to ferve on fuch Jury ; and in cafe there (half Hot be a fufficient number to make up a jury, or if* no jury (hall be made up, a frefh warrant may be iflued, and like notices be ferved again for the faid purpoie* and lb often as the cafe (hall happen, provided the day to- be fpecifkd in every notice fo to ferved again, need not be mote than ten days diftant.	'	.	*

XLV1I. And be it further enafted by the authmhy nforefaid, That all perfons mterefted, (had from time to time have their lawful challenges* but not to challenge the jurray of the papnel, againit any of the kid jurying* wbca .	•	*	•	they

The thhrty-cigbth Tear of George III.

tkey come to be fworn* and any three or more of the (aid jc^mmiljfioners on the application of the faid John Anderfon,

George Taylor, aud Alexander Taylijr, (hall have power from time to tube to jmpofe any reafonable fine or fines on fuch fheriff, bailiffs, or agenta making default in the pre-miffes, and on any of the perfons that (hall be Summoned, and returned on fuch jury, and who (hall not appear, or who (hall refufc to be fworn on the faid jury, of to give their verdift, or in any manner wilfully neglefting their duty ^herein, cootjraiy .to the true intpnt and mcanine of tins aft, and on any of the perfons who being required to give evidence pouching the premifes, (haH refule to be examined, or to give evidence, or from time to time to iflue their warrant to levy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chattels of ^ fuch perfon and perfons fo fined, fo as that no fuch fine (hall '

^exceed the fum of forty (hillings for any *nr offence.	1

XLVIII. And be it further cnafted \>y the authority Howjands aforefaid, That the price to be afeertained, if the (aid John purchafed, fire* Anderfon, George Taylor, gnd Alexander Taylor, choyfe >*Paid*#r* to purchafe, (hall be then paid, and if they (hall choofc a demife, that tha rents fo £o lie agreed for, or affeffed as aforefaid, (hall be paid from time to time as the fame (haH become due out $f £he $ofls of the (aid road, by half-yearly payments to the person or perfons who (hall be entitled thereto, the firft payment thereof to begin and be made at the end of fix months next after fuch ground (haU be taken by the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, as aforefaid, and fuch perfori or perfons entitled to fuch rents, (hall during the continuance of this aft, have the fame dlate and filtered in foqh rents as they would have h*d in the faid grounds, in cafe this aft had never been made, ai>d in default of paymenjt thereof by faid J bn Anderi Ion, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or their exe-evtors or adminiilratore within thirty 4ay8 after the fame (hall become due, the fame being ^rpaoded" of them the* faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or their executors or admiuii^ratorf, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or comnpilfioners of the great fcal, may upon petition, and hearing the parties in a fnmmary way, make tuch order in fe^ueftcring the tolls for the payment of alj fuch perfons as to jufticc (hall pertain.

XLIX. And be it further cnafted by the authority afore- polkflion to faid, That as foon as an afiefftnent (hall be made as aforefaid, he taken wbca by fuch jury, it (h 11 be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, a^cfrmc^ George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and any perfon or nu * perfons by theqi employed to take poffeilion of the ground fo affeded, and the (herifFs are hereby required, upon demand, tQ give them the poffeflion thereof.

L. And

66$

A. D

1798. Chap. 83.

\

. JV _L.

Digitized by Li q<	Jle

€64

The tOrty-eighth Tear ‘Gaorge III.

New ro»d, *c. to be made as herein di-refied.

A. D. L And be it ena^ed. That the {aid John Anderfon, 179ft. George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, {hall make a new Chap. 83. road from the place called Sandy-banks, at the eaft end of the common! of Fox and Geefe, through the lands at the rcre of the Rechlion and Blue-bell inn% or boufes, to the hill above the prefent bridge, and fhall ere& a new bridge acrofi the flreasn, as part of the faid road, which bridge, and every part of filch road (hall be at leaft fixty feet wide, and that fo foon as the faid road and bridge {hall be completed to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioncrs, or any three of them, and approved of by them, under their hands and fells; it {hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, apd the executors and adminiftrators of each and every of them, to ere& a gate on any part of the faid new road, and to take at the laid ga:e fuch tolls as by this a& they are entitled to take at any other toll-gate, until a fum equal in amount to the expences of making the faid line and building the faid bridge, /hall be raifed thereat ; and fo foon as the amount of faid expence {hall be fo railed, the faid gate {hall be taken down, and no toll whatever fhall be demanded or taken theicat.

LI. And in order to ascertain the expence of making the faid line and bridge, and the amount of the tolls collected at the faid gate ; be it enabled, That the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors or adminiilratnrs of each and every of them, fhall account for the fame before the commifiioners of impreft accounts, who are hereby required to infpecV examine, aud audite the faid accounts and fums colle&ed.

LI I. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no per-pay at fuch gate 'fon paying toll at fuch gate, (hall be entitled to pafs with nottntitlnl to any can Jnge or beall, hereby made fubjedl to toll, through paaany ot er. any other of the gates, for, or by rcafon of his haviogpaid at the faid gate.

LI 11. And whereas it is r.eceflary for the better management of the laid road, that the drains on the fides thereof, {hould be under the controul of the faid John Anderfon, and the faid George Taylor, and the faid AJexander Tay-T!xpenee« of lor; be it tberefoic enafted, That if any perfon {hall fcour, fernu rg, See in deeper, fill up or widen any drain or ditch, or any part of .u ncr’ any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the faid road, e evict. without the o»dcr of the faid John Anderfon, or the fold

Toll*, f*c to be accounted for.

Perfi n* who

George Taylor, or the faid Alexander Taylor, it fhall and may be lawful to ai d for the laid John Anderfon, or the faid George Taylor, or the faid Alexander Taylor, to czafe , the fame to be filled up, or icoured, as they may think fit, and to take for fuch purpofe fuch earth or other materials as may be moil convenient, whether in the adjoining field or

olherwife,

Tfa thtrty-eqhth Tear sf Geprgc III*

©therwife, and to levy the expenfe thereof, by djftrels and. fale of the goods of fuch perfon.

LIV. And whereas, (tones,, bricks, -and dung, frequently fair on the faid road, from the cars on which th ?y are loaden, and are left remaining thereon, to the great inconvenience of perfons travelling the faid road ; be it therefor* enadted, That every car that (hall carry any itones, bricks, dung or manure, on the faid road, (had be board* ed on the front, Tides and back thereof, with board* eight inches high at the lead, and that for every car fo loaden, which (hall not be boarded in manner aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the gate-keepers, at every gate on the faid road, to demand and take the fum of one (hil-ling for every fuch car, every time it (hall pafe through any of the laid gates, in like manner, and with the fame remedies upon refufal, as in cafe of any other toll now paid, or payable at, any turnpike»gate gn the faid road, and the owner or owners of every car loaden as aforefaid, Avail forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, upon conviction oil 'the oath of one credible witnefs, before any jufcice of the peace, within his jurifdiCHon, which fum (hall be levied and applied in the rnanne*r before directed.

LV. And whereas great inconvenience has anfen, and the public have been much endangered by water from miil-coui ies, or drains, having been turned upon parts of the faid road, from whence there have not been luflieient paf-fages to carry off the faid water, and many bridges have been greatly injured b) peifons removing the foundations thereof in iearch of eels ; be it therefore enaded, That every perfon who (hall turn upon, or make a Way for any fuch water to go upon any part of the (aid road, or (hall, turn any fuch water into the trenches by the fide of any part of the faid road, unkfs there (hall have been brll made a faikeient drain to carry o(F the faid water, fo that fuch water (hall not injure any part of the faid road, or (hall pull out, remove, or injure any part of the foundation, or any other part of any bridge, or wall, or fence to any quarry, pit, hole, river, or watcr-courie, or injure any mile (tone, or direction poft, or (hall injure any gate or toll-houfe, or any globes or lamps, or any extracts from any part of this, or any other a£t of parliament, which (hall be erected or placed upon, or near any fuch gate or tolldioufes, or (hall afiault or obftrudt any overfeer, ailing under and ia the execution of any pan of this a£t, or (hall remove any of the materials which (hall have been ufed for filling any ditch, or a v part of any ditch, or (hall ddlroy or take down any part of the bank or banks which are or fhali be ruifed between any part of the faid 103d, and the drains or trenches

A. P-

1793 Chap. 83.

Cars lo a dr. with ftonts, Ac. Hull be bourdcd as herein.

Perfons wh® do any injury t® foad, bridge, &C- (hail lew tut

si

Digitized by L^ooQle

A. D.

1798. Chap. 83.

penalties as herein, for offences.

The thirty-eighth Teetr $f George III.

on the fide of fuch road, or (hall make or have any way or pafTage from the (aid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or pafTage as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is, or (hall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pafs; or (hall bum, or permit, or fuffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, lime, or weeds, or veg^. table fubftance for afhes, within one hundred feet of the centre of The faid road, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence upon convi&ion, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and if any period (hall keep, qr have in his or her pofleffioo, any cur-dog or maftiff, at any houfe within fifty yards of the faid road, without a block of wood of ten pounds weight at the leaft, fattened to the neck of every fuen dog y or ifhall winnow, or lay out for wfunowing, any com on the laid road, or fhaH by any ftraw, dung, or rubbifh thereon, or (hall ferape the fame, or (hall lay the fcouring or earth of any ditch dr drain, or any turf, oq the faid road, or ttiall leave pn any part of the fame, between endofure and enclofipre, or permit to be left thereon, oppofite or Bear to his or her houfe, any carriage whatfoever, or any plough or harrow, without the horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beads bang harnefled thereto, unlefs fuch carriages as being a&ually travelling, and having perfons in them, or luggage the property of paffengers, (Kail flop to change horfes, and which (hall not continue more than one hour, or fuch carriage as (hall have been accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair, or (hall break down or injure any foot-path, or ride, lead, or drive any horfe or other beaft on any part of any foot-path, or injure any horfe-block, or any other thing which fhall be made, ere&cd, or put up upon any part of the fajd road, for the ufe of the laid road, or for the convenience of travellers; or if any perfon fhall fpread out any linen, blanket, or winnow cloth, within fifty feet of the centre of the faid road, or fhall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber,' (Tones, fand, clay, lime, or other matter on the faid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or fhall leave, or permit to be left, the carcafc of any horfe, or other beaft, or fhall (kin the fame, or permit it to be fkinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard endofed with walls, or fhall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof fhall pi ojc& beyond the wheels or fides of the carriage, or on which fhall be laid any beams or pieces of timber or plank, or pieces of plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts, or two common cars fo placed together, that the beams, or pitces, or

Digitized by

Google

All material*

The thirtf-eighth Tear	George III.

plonks (hall be laid length-ways thereon, or (hall drag any timber or mill-ftoncs along any part of the faid road, without being fupported by wheels from touching the fame, or (hall ereS any (ign-poft, or any may-pole, or roay-budi, on any part of the faid road, or (hall place or ere& any turf- •

Hack on any part of the faid road, every perfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch ofFence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings upon convi&iou.

'LVI And be it further enafted, That all dur.g, dirt, ___________________

draw, rubbifh, ftones, graved fand, or lime, which (hall be Jaid onroad, laid on the faid road, (nail be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited, forfeited to the faid John A’ndcrfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and to be their foie property, and (hall, be fold by them, or either of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwife difpofed of by them as they (had think fit. '

LVfl. And be it further eija&ed, That for every car- For every far- * load of fcourihg or earth, thrown out of any drain or ditch 1°adof (louring bn the faid toad, and which (hall be’drayrii away by the	f.s	*

faid John Anderfon, avid the faid George Taylor, and. ^ '** CIte il)e faid Alexander Taylor, or their order, the owner oj* o^cupi^r of the land, which fuch drain or ditch divides from the faid road, (hall upon convidiion, forfeit the fum of one (hilVng for every day the fame (hall have remained thereon.

1 * LVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and Com, Jcc. piay be lawful for every perfon whatfoever, to take and may be taken, c^rry away, and convert to his or her own nfei any corn ^ j*14* on roaf* Which (hall be laid on the faid road, fv>r the purpofe cf being 10 K wmnowc winnowed, of (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after beir.g winnowedj together with the lacks or winnowing cloths, wherein the fame may happen to be delayed on ttje faid road, unlefs fuch corn (lia)l by inevitable neceffity, by the breaking down 6f any car or carriage whet eon it nfay be placed, for the purpofe of being conveyed, and Which cal* or carriage cannot be removed without repai'-; and alfo all timber which (hall be left on any part of the faid road, and (hall have remained thereon for forty-eight hours, not having been brought or kept their by i.rdcr of faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or for the ufe of the fajd road, without the let, fuit, trouble, or hinderance of any perfon whatfoever.

LIX. And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon (Trail build, id penalty or caufe to be built on any part of faid read, or within building twenty feet thereof, any honfc, or paxt of a houfe, exot pt ^h"1 aofeet of jni a corporate or borough town, - or any wall, or miik* any ditch or encroachment whatfoever, on the lame, or build wind-mill, or lime-kiln, within one hundred y:nds of the *	' • •	middle

i

Digitized by

Google

G juries miy preterit houies, &c»

Powers vrfled in perfons for re novd *»£ noifances.

Overfcers for negv&, to forfeit 406.

The tkirty-tigbib Tear of George III.

middle of the faid road, fuch perfon (hall on convi&ion forfeit

the fum of ten pounds.

LX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and maybe lawful for the £-and jury at any aflizes or quarter feffions, to pr~fent any houfr, or part of a houfe, wind-mill, or lime-kiln, to be pulled down, which (hall be built contranr t-« this z£\, within their county, and that the expences of 6 doings be levied off the goods and chattels of the offender, andfhat it (had and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which fh \U be kr-pt contrary to this aft, without being fued o- prnfccutcd for fo doing,

LXI. And be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, or the faid George Taylor, or the fakl Alexander Taylor, or fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall authorize thereto, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wail, drain, or ditch, which fhall be built or made, or begun tc be built'or made contrary to this aft, and to take up any wav or pafnge from the faid road into any field or hnd adjoining, which may otftnift the free paffage of water, and to rt-make the fame, by building a gutter, or fewer, or 3rch there,;:., at a fufSchht depth, and to fcour and clear awxy all obilruaii as which may happen to be made iaacy drain, tor carry ing any water from the faid road, or for pre-venting its injuring the fame, and to pull down artd remove any fign-poil, which Avail be eroded contrary to this act, firfl obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any ma-giiltate, or any of the commiflioncrs for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by dirt refs and falc of .me goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way, paffage, or drain, or fign-poft fhall be, rendering the overplus (if 3ny) to the owner on demand.

LX II. And be it further enafted. That if any overfeer or infpeefor, or other perfon authorized by the faid John Anderfon, or the ibid George Taylor, or the faid Alexander Taylor, to a& as fuch, fnallomitto apply for any fuch warrant for forty-eight hours after he fhall have been informed,

. or have feen any of the faid offences, or matters, or having obtaincd fuch warrant, (hall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs prevented by the feverity of the weather, or (hall omit to apply at the next enfuing feffioag or abi/es for fuch presentment, as aforefaid, or fhall delay or neglect to feize, profecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againd this adt, which fhall come or happen withi.i h-s knowledge, view, or information, he fhall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch omiflioa, delay, or uegled, upon conviction thereof.

LXIII. And

^Google

Tie thirty fe^eidh Tear of George III.

669

LXIII. And be it further enaAed, That if the driver of	A. D.

perfgn in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or carriage*	* 79^*

fhall by negligence, or wilful mifbehaviour, hinder, obftruA, Chap. Sp " or interrupt the pafTage of any other carriage, or any of his Majcfly’s fubjeAs on the faid road, or if the driver or perfon Drivers of in care of any empty or unloaded caV, cart, or other car- ?aITO/Pii0i£ riage, fhall refufe or negleA to turn afide, aud to make way as^Ierchi. 01 ** for any coach chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, evetj fuch perfon being con-ViAed thereof, by his own confemon, or by the oath of any credible witnefs,* before any juflice of the peace, fhall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be riot the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten fhillings, and if fuch of-	v

fender fhall be the owner of fuch carriage, he fhaff forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings, and every fuch offender fhall upon non-payment thereof, be committed by fuch juflice to the gaol or houfe'of correAion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid, and every fuch offender, or perfon in care of fuch ' carriage, offending in any of the faid cafes, may, by the authority of this a A, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any perfon who fhall fee fuch offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a conftable, or other peace-officer,. to be convened before fome juflice of the peace.	,

LXIV. And be it further enaAed, That in cafe any ConftahTa* perfon or perfons fhall refifl, 6r make forcible oppofition againfl any perfon or perfons employed in the due execution IOi. J* comr otthisaA, or fhall affault any colleAor of the tolls, or any nutted. infpeAor or overfeer, in the execution of his or their office or offices, or fhall make or attempt to make, any ref-cue of cattle, carriage, or other goods, did rained or feiz-cd by virtue of this aA, or jf any conftable, or fub-confta-ble fhall refufe or negleA to execute any warrant, granted by any juflice, or by any commiffioner, purfuant to the direAions of this aA, every fuch perfon fhall, upon conviction, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than ten fhillings, at the diferetion of fuch jiillfcc and in cafe the fame fhall not be immediately paid, fuch juflice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of correAion,’ there to'remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlcfs tire faid forfeiture fhall be foonci paid.

LXV. And be it further enaAed, That the truftees, Arh rcr commiflioners, treafurer, clerks, and all others aAiug un- Xpeviticd. der, or by virtue of the feveial aAs relpeAing die fafd road from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen-bridge, and to the twenty-one mile (lone ' wefhvard of the faid bridge,

hereby

6*jo

The thirty-eighth Tear o/" George ifl.

A. D.

1798.

Chap. 83.

hereby repealed, fltall deliver upon demaud made !>▼ the faid J >h:i Anderfon, and the faid George Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, all monies - which (hall have arifen, or may arife by virtue of the faid a£ls Jicicby repealed, and fhull he payable to the trullees thereby appointed, or U ia their bauds, or in the hands of their treafurct, and together with all fccurities for money due, or to be due to them as truflees of the faid road, (half be paid and handed overly them, 01 fume perfon on their behalf, to the faid Jobs Andciion, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, or the cxcctitois or adminiUrators of each and every ot them.

Lord Chan- LX VI. And be it further cnaffced, That if any tniftee, lrcu:iIrcjr» ckrk, or other peifon, fliall ncglecb or refufe upon demand, or within fix days after demand, to deliver to the laid John Anderfon, and the faid Ge.>rge Taylor, and the faid Alexander Taylor, or to their executors or adminiihators, all money and fecurtties for mouty due to the truileea for any part of the laid road, that it iWI be lawful foi the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords com-miflioners for the cutlody of the great fcal for the time being, upon the hearing of the cafe, to make fuch order ai tojuf.iee may pertain.

Ovewitncft LXV1I. And be it enacled, That all convidlions tindcf •ujcoovitL tins ad (hall be by the oath or affirmation (if a quaker) of one credible witnefs, or confeffion of the party, before any one of the commifiioners herein appointed, or any justice of the peace within his jurifdiclion 5 and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed for an offence committed againft this acl, the manner of levying And applying wl.ich is not herein particularly direded, (hall be levied by did refs and fale of the offenders goods by warrant, under the hand and fcal of the jullice before whom the offender dull be convided, by the oath or affirmation of one credible witnefi, or his or her own confcifion ; and in cafe of non-paynunt thereof, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impufed by the authority of this ad, the offender (hail be committed by fuchjuilice, by warrant under his hand and ft a!, to* the common gaol or houfe of corredion, there to rent..in without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, foi failure, of penalty be paid ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, uv penalty, when paid, (hall be applied ! y the faid Jwdin Anderfon, and the faid George Taylor, a:>d Alexander Taylor, fcod the furvivor of them, and the executors and admiuif-frators of fucb furvivor, in aid of the tolls, towards the wfes of the road, and in rewarding the informer or parties cisuvtding, and the conftabic or ether perforj afERing, or

prtly

. The thirty-nghth Tur of George III.

partly in one and partly.in the other of the faid ways, at to the faid John Anderftn, and the faid George Taylor,

. and Alexander Taylor, (hall, feem proper.

LXVIII. And bfe it further enaded, That the faid John Anderfon, and the laid George Taylor, and (he (aid Alexander Taylor, and each and everv overfeer who (hall be appointed by them, (hall have the like power and authorities as any of the overfeers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may by hereafter made, for the amending, repairing, or making the publick roads, now is, or are, or (hall be entitled to.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid John Anderfon, and the faid George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, the fupervifors, colledors, and all other perfons nominated by them, (hall have all and (ingular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (hall affe& and extend to every part of any new road laid out by virtue of this ad, by the (aid John An-derfon, and the faid George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, as are provided or enaded, with refped to any part of the prefent road.

LXX. And whereas the faid John Anderfon, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, have, by an article, dated ©q the twenty-ninth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, bound themfelves, and each and every of them, and the heirs, executors, and adminiflra-tors, of each and every of them, in the penal fura of twenty thoufand pounds, conditioned for the repairing of the faid road, and keeping it in repair for the faid fpace of fifty years, and to make and conftruft the feveral improvements and works herein mentioned for the convenience of the public, and in confideration of the faid tolls, powers, and authorities, hereby granted to them : be it enaded, That if, after the expiration of f}ve years from the palling of this ad, it' (hall, upon petition in a fummarv manner, appear to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords com-miflionerS for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, that any part of the laid road from the city of Dublin to Kilcullcnabridge, and twenty-one mile ftone weftwaed of faid bridge, is not in complete repair, it (hall be lawful for the faid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords cora-milBoners, to levy the faid penalty of twenty thoufand pounds upon the faid John Anderfon, *and the faid George Taylor, and Alexander Taylot-, and to fcquefter the tolls of the faid road, and by fuch perfon or per funs as the faid lord chanceUor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners (hall deem fit, to apply the faid penalty of twenty thoufand pounds, and the laid tolls, to the repair of the faB road,

and

671

Powers of overfeers the fame as for public roads.

Powers of faid perfons (hall extend to new road.

Said perfons are bound to keep road in repair for $• years.

^Digitized by

Google-

flood to N« rf-Mircd dtrr ; t an, i I le-«4^f.

V -*re *o be

h * »n Kil-

d*;-r

DnYJa.

Th MrtfdgUb Tfkr if GI ft.

ami teeantitmcto (6 apply thfc (aid tolls until the CziA r6art (hafi have been put into aosnplete order and repair.

LX XI. And be it fort her enabled. That it any of th* (aid cdmitHSeiim of the faid road (ball at any time during tbe continuance of this ad, after the term of three years from the parting of the fame* for and during the remainder of the faid term of fifty years, deem any part of fuch dif-tricl of the faid road out of repair, that it (haU be lawful for the faid comitriffioucit to call a meeting of the reft of the oommifBonert of fuch diftrift by notice; to be pofted on the teveraf toll gates within fuch diftricl, which noride (bail fpecify the caufe of ftfch required meeting, and foall be pofttd on ftrrlv gates at leaft ten days before the day appointed for fuch meeting ; and if it (hall appear to a majority out of four of the faid commiftioners at filch meeting fo called, that 3ny part of the faid road, within fuck di ft riel, is out of repair, it (hall be lawful for the faid majority of the faid commiffioncrs, to prefer a petition to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the groat feal for the time being, fetting forth the matter of faid complaint; and the (aid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, ot lords eOrrnrtiffiomrrs for the cuf-tody of the great feal, may, upon the hearing of the matter of the faid complaint, make an order for leryin g the faid fum of twenty thou (and pounds* or fuch part thereof m Le fhall think fit, and to Wave a receiver appointed to receive tin? amount of the (aid tolls, and to appoint fuch per-fon as to faid Jot d chancellor, lord keeper, or lords eom-tniflioners, may fecra meet, a proper and fultable perfbn fo overtte and lay out the fame in t he repairing and amending the (aid road, with one (hilling and fix pence per pound for receiving and laying out and accounting for the fame; and that fuch peffovf, or perfons fo appointed, (ball Continue to receive and bpply the faid tolls in mannei aforefaid, un-tvl the faid road fhall be put info p£rfe& repair by fuch perform ot perfons, or by the f.rid -J«»hn A nderfon, or the faid Cfeorge Taylor, nnd Alexander Taylor.

LXXII. ^nd be it further tmided bv the authority aforehid, Tint if any fuit Audi hr commenced rgxinft ?.ny perion oi p« rlons for any thing done in pnrfnance of this act, that in every fuch cate the veruc in f.tch iAtioJ ihall be hut in one of the counties of Kildare and Dublin, and rot drew here ; nnd the chefendat t or defendants in fuih action qra<frioi;s to be brought, may plead the general ifme, and give this a& and the (pedal matter in evuhnet at »J tnai to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done m

pgrfaancd



Digitized by

bTCougle

The thirty eighth Tear of George lit.	67$

purfuance and by authority of this aft ; and if it fhall ap- A. D.

pear fo to be done, or that fuch aftion, or aftions, (hall j798.

be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall Chap'. 83.

find for the defendant or defendants 5 and if the jury (hall

find fuch vefdift, or if the plaintiff ihaH be non-fuited, or

cifeontinuc his aftion after the defendant or defendants fhall

have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment fhall be

given again (I tire plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall

and may recover'treble cods, and have the like remedy for

the fame as hny defendant or defendants hath or have in

aoy other cafes by law.

LXXIII. And be it enafted, That if any perfon fhall Pdniand take or make any oath or affirmatidn, preferibed or em- P€nahi« for powered to be taken, and given by virtue of or in purfuance of this aft, or for the purperfes of carrying this aft into execution, 3nd fhall wilfully fwear or affirm falfely therein, or fnall fuborn any perfon or perfbns to fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch perfon fhall, refpeftively, on conviftion* fuffer the pains and penalties by the feveral ftatutes now in b.- Mg, or by law preferibed againft perfons guilty of wilful . and corrupt perjury, or fubornation of perjury.

L.XXIV. And ba it enafted, That where any diflrefs Diflrefs n*t fhall be made for any fum or fume of money to be levied by deemed ualaw-virtue of this aft, the diflrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed un-lawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed 1	*

a trefpafier of trefpatTers, on account of any default or want -of foa m in any proceedings relating thereto; nor fhall the party or parties diflraining be deemed a trefpafier or tref-pafiers ab initio, on account of any informality which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diilraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfaftion for the fpecial damages in an aftion on the cafe.

LXXV. Whereas by an aft of parliament pafled during	Bf an a<* of

die prefent fefiion of parliament, entitled, An a3 for tm-proving and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of ^ aLsIlaSu*" Cork to the brook •which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain, and for repealing the fe veral laws heretofore made relating to the faid road, certain tolls are thereby made payable ; and whereas from the great expence of repairing the faid* road, and the heavy in-terefl payable on debts duo on account of the faid road, the prefent tolls are found infufficient to anfwer the purpofe thereby iutended: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the commiflioners appointed by the faid recited aft fhall have power to demand and take, in each divifion of the faid road, by fuch perfon or perfons as any three or more of faid commilfioners fnall artthcii*£ thereto, the following tolls at Vol/XI.	U	u	*	every

—Digitized by LnOOQle

Recited a& 33 Geo. 3 to continue $o years.

'A publicV afi

7he thirty-eighth Tear of George III.

every pav-gate on faid road, that is to fay : for every fbge coach, ftage landan, ftage chariot, or chaifc, employed m* carrying paflengers, paying for their pafTage refpeftively, double the toll that any coaches, landaus, chariots, or chnlfcs, are now rtfpeftively fubjeft to by faid recited ad, the fame to be received, paid, taken, and recovered, to all intents and purpofes, in like manner as the tolls payable by the faid recited aft are to be received, paid, taken, and recovered, and to be paid and applied to the fame ufes as the faid original tolls are directed to be paid and applied.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted. That the duration of an aft of parliament palled in the thirty-third year of hi* prefent Majelly, entitled, s.n ad to explain and reduce into one ad the feveral laws for making, repairing., or amending the turnpike roads leading from the town of Naas to the ion-ns of Maryborough and Bally roar, from the fa'J town cf Maryborough to the n-y of i.twtri h, and fre o: the town of Nenagh to O'Brien's Bridge, which aft was to continue for thirty years from the palling thereof, (hull extend and be continued, with all iis claufes and regulations, for the term cf fifty years from the palling of this aft, and no longer.

kXXVIT. And be it further enafted by the authority afore faid, That this aft lhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as iuch hv til judges, juft ices, and other perfons whatfoever,

• without Ipeciaily pleading the fame*

KNp Of THE BLEfIKTH VOLUME.

Digitized by

Google
